[{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"One-Shot: A Tale of Mutation","Author":"ChesterVGal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12194491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flint's POV: It started out as a typical day for me, spent some time in my lab as always before taking a stroll through Chewandswallow. Of course my typical day was about to change when I decided to go to my private beach. I acquired the beach after randomly stumbling upon it. It's very secluded and no one knows about it except for me. I go there to escape the hustle and bustle of the town and because it's an excellent place to think. Well, today ended up being one of those days. Wanting to escape it all, I went to my private beach. When I got there, I sat on my usual spot which was an almost completely flat rock. I sat there for about twenty minutes before deciding to walk around. I walked around for a good thirty minutes before I discovered something. I saw what appeared to be a fishing net that had washed up on shore. My first fear was that something was entangled in it followed by the fear of whatever could be entangled in it. I decided to investigate and see if there really was something entangled in it. As I got closer, I began to see something very strange, something I'd never seen before and being a scientist, it peaked my curiosity. When I got close enough I saw something truly spectacular and strange. What was in that net looked like something straight out of a Sci-Fi. The creature looked mostly human except it had webbed fins on its head and elbows, a rather large dorsal fin on its back and two smaller ones on the back of its calves. The creature also had webbed feet and hands and the legs were a very strange color. Like a bluish green which matched all the fish like parts including the scales. There were also a set of six gills, three on each side of its neck. The poor thing looked like it'd died here. There was no movement whatsoever and it didn't appear to be breathing. As I continued my investigation I discovered that the creature was not an it, but a he for he had male reproductive organs which looked surprisingly human and he also had a white beard. He kinda looked like an old man that gotten mutated in to the creature that he is now. With that I started looking for evidence that supported my theory and about fifteen minutes into my investigation I discovered something on his left ankle. It was a tag and it was no ordinary tag. It was the kind of tag that only research facilities use. It was then that I started rethinking my theory. That maybe he somehow mutated himself and got captured and taken to a research facility where he could've probably have been experimented on and from where he later escaped and somehow ending up here. I desperately wanted to know his story, but I didn't even know if he was even alive. I felt so bad for him and I wanted to help him. It was then that I decided to see if he was somehow still alive. I took the pocket knife from my lab coat and I cut him out of the fishing net. Once he was free, I was left trying to figure out how to either get him into the water or get water to him. Either way he needed water and fast. I eventually decided to just drag him into the water, the shallow part of course close to shore. I changed into my swim trunks because I didn't want to get any of my clothes wet and I went back over to him. I grabbed his legs and as I went to pull he suddenly moved and his right foot got free and he kicked me in the face causing me to fall backwards onto the sand. It hurt plenty, but I was surprised to find out that he was still alive. As I got up, he made a sound which sounded like a whale moaning. As I slowly began to approach him, I saw him staring at me with his emerald green eyes. He was scared, I could see it in his eyes. I could tell that he didn't know what I was going to do to him. He didn't know that I only want to help him. He moaned again, only this time it was in pain. I wanted to see what was causing it so I tried to touch him, but he wouldn't let me. He tried to get away from me, but he was in too much pain. \"Shh shh, hey it's okay, it's okay…I'm not gonna hurt you. I just wanna help.\" I said. After I said that he seemed willing to trust me. I looked him over and discovered multiple injuries. He had multiple lacerations from the net slowly cutting into his skin. They were all over his body which meant that when he initially got caught in it, he tried to escape and ended up cutting himself. He was lucky he wasn't attacked by sharks. His left leg which bared the tag, was also broken. Which made me wonder how he was even able to swim this far or swim at all. I then knew that he needed help more than ever or he would surely die, but I faced a little problem. How to get him back to my lab? ","Summary":" Flint's POV: It started out as a typical day for me, spent some time in my lab as always before tak"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"The code","Author":"InqieFics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12934412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WARNING! This fiction is rated T so you need to be 13 for read this fiction (sorry about that) Suatu hari di sebuah bumi yang jahat. Sebuah hal yang tak dapat di jelaskan, juga tak dapat di temukan. Hal-hal yang aneh tetapi nyata. Semua orang tidak peduli dengan keluarganya dan temannya, yang mereka inginkan adalah uang. Mereka rela membunuh teman bahkan keluarga mereka hanya karena uang. Hanya ada 1 cara untuk menghentikan semua ini, yaitu sebuah kode Chapter 1 : Prologue Disebuah pulau yang rindang juga penuh kehidupan, dan pulau itu bernama Haven hills. Haven hills berada dibawah huruf S, tepatnya dibawah huruf S dari tulisan atlantis. Pulau ini cukup besar untuk ditempati 265 orang. Aku bernama Flint Graham dan ayahku bernama Tim Graham. Aku hanya orang biasa yang ingin membuat dunia lebih baik. Sudah 2 tahun aku mencari kode misterius, kode ini sebanyak 10 digit dan alasan aku ingin mencari kode tersebut karena 1 hal, yaitu ingin menghentikan kegilaan uang yang berada di muka bumi ini. Aku juga mempunyai teman perempuan yang bernama Sam Parks, dia orangnya baik, cantik, pintar dan berkacamata.inilah kami Welcome to The code ","Summary":" WARNING! This fiction is rated T so you need to be 13 for read this fiction (sorry about that) Suat"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Chester's Revenge","Author":"XStrawberryBloodX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10442627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE-Ange and Mystery are my own characters to help explain the story. I don't own Chester V. or any other content from Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2. This story features Chester V. as a child, and how he came to work alone, create holograms, and invent the Food Bar. Chester's POV. Chester's Revenge I stare through the glass. All hope seems lost. All hope seems lost. All around, people(?) identical to me also pound on glass windows. None of the glass cracks, but mine appear to be stronger than the rest. It is all I can do not to lose control and start ramming at the glass. I know it won't help. As if she could read my thoughts, a dark-haired girl smashes my window and sets her mallet down. \"Come with me,\" she orders. She leads me quickly down a long hallway. \"I'm sorry,\" she says. \"I locked you in here. I had to or I would be punished.\" I don't say anything. I understand already, and I don't like it. I shouldn't be treated like this. I am the stronger one in the prison, I can tell. So how had I gotten locked in there with about five-hundred look-alikes? The girl stops. \"I already know what you're thinking. I'm not going to break any of the others out. I guess you created them out of pure anger. I could tell you were the real one, though.\" Had I really created all of these...things? How is that logically possible? People are people. But if anyone were to make it happen, it would be me. \"Who are you, anyway?\" I ask her. If I'm going to be rescued by anyone, I want to know who they are. \"I'm Ange. My power is advanced intelligence. I can tell it's in you too. I mean, you did make the others.\" A hint of a smile forms on her face. \"Don't think of them as people, Chester, just think of them as...projections of the real you.\" When we finally reach the end of the hall, Ange turns left into a room. Another girl, this time with red hair like mine, smiles. I go to ask her name, but she shushes me. \"I'm Mystery. Here, take this\" She hands me what appears to be a cereal bar. I go to eat it but she swats my hand away. \"Don't eat it, enhance it!\" Ange notices my blank stare. \"We chose you because we could tell you were gifted. All of the holograms, well, I guess you have the power to make them.\" Holograms? Is she referring to the people back in the glass prison cells? I still don't remember making them! I turn back to Ange and Mystery. \"This bar is plain and bland, but I want you to make it better. Something people will want to buy. Then we will see how talented you are.\" She ushers me into a long, green elevator. \"You have one week. Good luck, Chester!\" As I fly down in the fast elevator, I think about the girls. If they really brought me here, and know that I'm a scientist in training, they would have to be crazy. Yes, I decided. They are crazy. But something about what they said made me trust them. Of course, this was before I realized how naive I really was as a kid. I had no idea what I was getting into. ","Summary":" NOTE-Ange and Mystery are my own characters to help explain the story. I don't own Chester V. or an"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"All Your Friends","Author":"AliceUchihaLockwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13252881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note : So this is a very random fanfiction I had in mind for a long while... so, let's see how far do I go with this one. I suck an ass at introductions hell yeah. And probably changing the title of the story at some point bruh... and also the summary... well maybe. . Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. Whatever the hell is introduced here belongs to their respective owners. Everything was dark, well in fact it was a large, horrible void where he got trapped in, where apparently time nor space didn't exist, just him traveling around a huge, huge pit of blackness with nowhere else to go... his body was floating around the infinite dark space as he was trying to understand what actually happened, but alas, he found himself unable to understand right... out of sudden he just found himself there... just a bright light and then he was floating right away without explanation, and he knew that it wasn't the outer space but somewhere else... Maybe he hit very hard on his head and didn't know what the heck ended up happening, in any case, he was totally clueless about his whereabouts. He didn't know, that was all, and it sucked too much like an ass. \"How the fuck did I even get in here...?\" He mumbled quite confused with an Irish accent. And then he felt his body being dragged backwards as the ambient changed, to then find himself rolling on the ground until he hit what looked a tree... he was fully disoriented, more when he realized the wild and odd ambient of the place. Then his nose captured the heavy smell of food all over the place making him feel hunger as he realized that he was in what looked like a jungle, and looking to the sky, his sky-blue eyes saw that it was some point at night already, yet he wasn't sure what hour exactly... was he in another planet or...? Broom! The close sound of helicopters made him see that he was fully on Earth, and the swarm of the same white and orange high-tech-looking helicopters going to what looked like a big rock candy mountain highly told him that it'd be a nice idea to hide away from them... where the hell did he end? Anyways, it would be better to hide straight away from view. And so he did by going through the trees, stopping whenever he heard the sound of the helicopters flying too close from his whereabouts and then keep moving across the place until he found a river... it didn't seem too much, maybe he could swim across- something he actually did, and once he was on the other side he shook his body like a dog to get dry. \"I keep wondering where am I...,\" He mumbled again as he stretched his body, ready to keep going. The sound of the aerial vehicles became less frequent, he looked again towards the big mountain and saw a light bulb-like structure being build, something again told him that whoever who owned that place was not a good person... he looked to a couple of wrists bands around his arms, tapping to what looked like a camera at the top of one of them trying to turn it on. \"Connor? Can you hear me? My boy, are you there?\" Nobody answered... \"Shit...\" He mumbled again, rubbing his dark brown hair annoyed and sat by the shore trying to calm down, sighing deeply in order to try to put his thoughts together... the least he could do was just sit there and think... there he just thought that whenever he was could be just like the beginning of a survival video game. It was a cool thing to see getting in that way, yet he still had in mind that he just had one life and no re-spawns, yet better was nothing, right? *sneeze * He sighed again. His wet clothes were going to get him sick, so the best idea was to get a fireplace to get him warm and dry again and let the night pass away to explore his surroundings better the next day... yeah, it sounded like a wonderful idea, to have a break for the night and keep going the day after. Standing up he stretched up his body, his black t-shirt with a large X with the letters PMA on each space as a heart was at the bottom stuck upon his body for a moment, unsticking when he lowered his arms, whose right side had a tattoo of the Bold Hunter's Mark on his right forearm. He was ready to move when he saw something coming down the river... He tilted his head for a moment, but when he saw whatever was coming, it seemed like a manmellow being followed by marshmallows... wait, what? He quickly got his ankles into the water and floated in, to then drag the manmallow to the shore as the marshmallows helped him on doing that, getting him fully out of the water, he saw that the manmallow was a bunch of huge marshmallows protecting someone, getting out from his legs, arms, body in general and then the head, revealing a young man that was wearing a lab coat unconscious. \"Oh my God...\" He checked on the man to see if he was alive, concluding that he was just unconscious, \"Hey man, wake up...\" He was gently patting his face, seeing bags under his eyes... golly, he must be real tired, \"You're safe, just wake up...\" The marshmallows caught his attention, addressing him to keep going down the river, for a moment he felt quite confused, yet he decided to trust them anyways, \"Alright, follow the path...\" He told to them in a soft manner as he placed the young man upon his back. Getting into the river once again, slowly and being careful to not make the other man get his face into the water as much as he could using some of the mellows to float down the river, they floated away for a few more minutes until the group of marshmallows pushed them back somewhere else protected with great and thick walls of Emmental Swiss cheese for his bigger surprise... Again, where the hell did he end in? The place inside had light, he supposed that was from a fireplace which made him think that there could be somebody there; he approached to the shore with some help of the mallows and got out, with the man behind him still unconscious, he saw living and actual pickles walking around, and a couple walked away towards somewhere else... in his honest opinion, he felt like he was realistically dreaming on weird-ass things and it was a dream from where he couldn't get up for some reason... maybe he just still needed to digest whatever was happening to his surroundings, who knows... \" Flint? \" He heard a voice, he looked to the source of the voice and saw a big, bald man wearing a pale blue shirt with the name of 'Tim' embroidered in red upon his chest approached, his eyes covered by a big unibrow and a thick mustache, by his expression he could tell that he was surprised to see somebody else there, \"Who are you?\" The Irishman placed Flint down gently near to the fire as he still seemed tired, the warmth was making him feel better now, drying up his clothes and his body that felt real numb, he sat down next to the unconscious Flint feeling tired as well. He was right about to give his name, but didn't as the man was waking up again, groaning slightly as he saw his father with tired icy-blue eyes, \"Dad...?\" He said in a low voice, sounding real tired. \"Flint, what happened to you? You look terrible. What's with all of them?\" The scientist was going to reply as he got up, but instead he asked, \"Who is he...?\" Which surprised his father. \"I thought you met him somewhere around...\" His son shook his head, he seeming really crushed \"I'm Seán McLoughlin, you can call me Jack if you want.\" He said smiling, \"It's nice to meet you all... and, what happened to you? I found you floating on the river covered by the marshmallows...\" \"They saved my life...\", He said a bit hoarse, tired and done, with the marshmallows on his hands, \"I let Chester steal the machine and now he's starting Operation Slice and Dice...\" The guilt in his voice would make anyone feel their heart heavy, sounding like he really meant it; the tiredness in his voice could also tell that he's been busy for a long time, Tim didn't understand his words neither the Irishman asides of the regret, \"Look, Chester's gonna wipe out all the foodimals... my friends tried to tell me they were good, but I didn't listen...\" he felt his chest feeling way too heavy at that moment, \"Everything I touch just gets ruined...\" How more bitter could something like that sound like? Whatever happened, he was deeply sorry... \"What exactly happened, Flint?\" The Irishman asked, when he heard his name he just felt confused on how he knew his name, to then just attribute it to the fact that maybe his father told him or something, just replying that it was a real long story to begin with. \"Then tell me later... whatever happened I wanna help,\" He said still with a smile. Maybe he was a foreigner, yet he was proving to be a nice person, way nicer than... \"Hey, I can see you're angry, but whatever problem that happened can be solved, or can't it?\" At that moment he was being strangely a good server of nice vibes, \"Come on, lift up that spirit and have some positive mental attitude!\" Indeed he wasn't even trying to lift up his mood, as much as possible, it was real natural coming from him as much as he could feel. \" N-woo \" They all looked down and saw a huge strawberry there hugging his leg happily. \"Barry?\" Flint said, the strawberry repeated the same thing as the scientist lifted him up as it hugged his big nose, \"Barry, I'm so sorry I misjudged you... I-I should've listened to Sam...\" Once he said that, the big eyes of the little strawberry opened up as he started to repeat \"Saspa\", as if he was trying to communicate with him, to then jump down his hands and make an imitation of the last events using his strawberry friends and a fruit cockatiel in representation of the friends of the scientist. \"Sam and the gang?\" He asked as the little fruit made an affirmation, then pulled himself into a helmet and grab a lantern. \"Oh it looks like a Sentinel of Safety!\", He guessed right once again making the strawberry pull the others into a can \"Ah! Sassy pants!\" Tim exclaimed, Flint seemed about to explode with that one. \"He's saying that they all got captured by whatever he said before.\" Jack said, receiving an affirmation by the other blue-eyed man Then Barry broke the lantern and took out the light bulb from it, holding it in high next to the giant light bulb being build up at the top of the candy mountain, \"And they're being held in the factory?!\" Flint exclaimed in horror, more than one coincided that they had to take them out of there. \"But how?! There's just three of us!\" That just made Barry swing using the plants around and place himself at the top of a cheese podium and then scream into one of the holes \"N-woo\" making his voice echo through a metallic sardine and then expand to the rest of the place. The earth started to shake as they saw a large group of non-captured foodimals running towards their direction saying the same as the strawberry; the newcomer had his head about to explode with everything he was seeing: a giant tacodile, wild scallions, meatwalrus, beaffalos, a sasquash... he knew he was in planet Earth, but in a brand new part of it... it was way too damn cool indeed. \"W-what's with all the 'N-woo's'?\" Tim asked, then saw a TV with legs, with white hand prints upon the sides of the screen and using a skirt made of leaves, the screen was loading footage as the TV was coming closer to them. It showed footage from Flint's invention: The Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super Mutating Dynamic Food Replicator, or the FLDSMDFR for short, when he poured some water at the top of it and how food should get out the hole, then showed another footage from when he presented the name of the machine, and how it got stuck in the 'N' and the 'woo' of his name and his last name. The inventor seemed to have realized why they were all calling him like that since he first arrived to the island... \"It's saying that I'm N-woo...\" And they kept repeating the same all over again. \"Hey man, they all came here to help ya'.\" Seán said, \"Well we're all gonna help ya' to undone whatever you did, it's time to let us.\" That was a fine joke over there, a lettuce even shook itself happily. \"Don't let your crowd waiting buddy!\" He smiled, mocking slightly. After giving a whole speech about who he really was, the mistakes he's been making for the last couple of days, and how someone told him that he didn't need friends, the fact that he was supposedly able to do much more without them and how all of those were just the thoughts of an egocentric, selfish and greedy man, they all got ready to make an upgrade to Tim's boat by adding a giant arm with a fishing rod at the top of it. It took around an hour or a bit less to get everything done, with Flint preparing a bunch of his inventions and a helmet of cheese, in the moment he got prepared to get into the sardine-like metallic statue, he got surprised when his new friend asked him to go with him and Barry... \"It can be dangerous...\" The inventor said. \"I'm used to dangerous things, and if something happens I can be there to help with it as well.\" Jack answered with a grin. \"What if something happens to you ?\" The first one asked worried, \"I-I'm sorry but I can't let you come and let something happen to-\" \"How old are you?\" The second one asked, making the inventor raise an eyebrow for it \"I'm 23... why?\" \"Then you're my responsibility, as I'm 28 years old!\" The grin upon his face was such that Flint groaned, he had to admit that it was quite an interesting and fair move that one of the Irishman, \"So I'm practically allowed to go with you to avoid you getting into more troubles!\" His voice was now a bit loud now he was excited. \"Alright then... just don't be too loud up there...\" He thumbs up with a wide grin as he gets ready to go up there, getting into the sardine with the strawberry and the inventor. With some help of a couple of sub-whales to stabilize Tim's boat once everything was ready, and up the road they were sent to the top. Around 20 minutes later... If anyone could say something about what happened in that factory would be just 'bestial': the foodimals gave a brand new significance to the meaning of 'food fight', with them engaging against the Sentinels of Safety in what could be considered an epic event that only the defeated (and remaining) thinkquanauts could share to the world- clearly if they don't go to jail for criminal association for helping Chester V in his nefarious plans first. Flint learned a really big lesson after that: to trust his friends and not let himself get guided by appearances nor a blind admiration for people... Now they all really deserved a good break from the insane jolly ride, it's been a very long day (and night) as well, and they still had to put the FLDSMDFR back on its place. Walking on the upper floors of the factory, they saw the mess left around, with several abandoned suits of the sentinels of safety, food all over the place, several parts of the place frozen... it was just this crazy bunch of mixed nuts. The inventor was still covered in rainbow colors as the result of the explosion of his celebrationator in order to stop Chester, needing an urgent bath and still some sleep due the hellish ride of the day, and now they were following Barb for a place to get him clean and stuff, also get something to eat as they were starving, and a place to spend the night before getting the machine back on its place... there they reached a laundry room in the lowest floor of the factory, and according to the ape, in front of that room there was a bathroom where he could take his shower while they got his clothes clean. For their surprise his clothes were clean and dry at the right time he got out the shower, the smell of them were really relaxing... there he found himself sitting around with his friends having some coffee, with them chatting as he for once in his life didn't actually know what to say to them to apologize, then sighed a bit, still thinking a lot on everything that happened in the last days and how he almost lost everything out of sudden for just not listening, but things were already done, he had learned the lesson of the events in a real unpleasant way that involved a murder attempt from part of the old scientist, and at least it didn't go further from there to something worse than the actual events... Oh no, he started to feel unstable... \"Wait a second...\" He mumbled reminding something he forgot, the others looked at him with an eyebrow raised as he stormed out to the hallway, \"Jack!\" He called out, \"Where are you?\" How did he even forget about him? Ugh, they shouldn't have split paths when he went to save the others, instead he should've taken with him to help against Chester. Well that'd been a wonderful idea now he thought about that! Jesus what kind of idiot he actually was?! He said he would take care of him even if the Irishman was older but now he was lost somewhere!? Really!? \"Flint?\" Sam asked curious, \"Who's Jack?\" He turned around to face her, of course he didn't tell them about him yet... Well how he was actually supposed to do that if they were so busy with Chester? Oh well, his head was a total and utter mess anyways at the point it was almost hard to establish the bigger priorities in order... of course asides of placing the machine back in its pool. Anyways... \"He's a new friend of mine...\" Flint said, \"He found me in the river after Chester tried to kill me by tossing me to the river from-\" \"Wait! Chester did what!?\" She exclaimed scandalized, \"He tried to kill you too?!\" \"He couldn't... some marshmallows saved my life and he said he found me floating covered by them...\" Remind to see how the older scientist became more and more distant as he made his way to downfall was a crude memory, a wake-up call he received far too late for not listening to his friends, he shivered when he reminded how hard the hit on his back felt because of him diving to the bottom, and then how everything just became dark, \"When I woke up I was with dad, and he was there too... he came with me but I don't know where is he now... that's why I need to find-\" Then upon Sam's shoulder he saw the Irishman walking with a cup of coffee in a hand, seeming curious around, \"Jack!\" He exclaimed happily, calling out his attention. \"Flint!\" He exclaimed happy as he got near the inventor with a happy face, \"Oh my fucking God, you missed the best food war ever! It was probably the most insane thing I've seen in my life!\" Before he could continue, he received a tight hug from him, apparently having being worried, \"Is everything alright, mate?\" His friend just nod in response, to then break the hug and smile. \"Sorry... I-I thought that something bad happened to you...\" He said, cleaning up his face a bit like trying to hold up his emotion, \"Oh and...\" He looked at his girlfriend, feeling butterflies in his stomach at it, making him blush too, \"Well, uh... Jack, she's Sam. She's my girlfriend...\" She took a glance to the Irishman for moment, extending her arm. \"Samantha 'Sam' Sparks, nice to meet you Jack.\" She said with a smile. \"The full name's Seán William 'Jack' McLoughlin, nice to meet you too Sam!\" He said in the same way and a bright smile plastered upon his face, irradiating this charming-like aura, like saying somehow that everything would be okay no matter the situation. Somehow, just somehow she could see certain similarity to her boyfriend... she wasn't entirely sure why but the feeling was there... \"Uh... Sam?\" She started to giggle a bit in response. \"Sorry, don't mind me.\" She said with a smile. In that moment the others got near the new friend and greeted, she introduced them, \"Oh and they're Brent,\" He waved at him with a slightly dumb smile, \"Manny,\" The cameraman just lifted up his cap in response, \"Earl,\" The police officer passed his hand, being held and shaken by Jack, \"And...\" \"Steve!\" The vervet monkey raised up his arms happily. They giggled in response, deciding that it was time to get ridden of the factory and get to place back the machine back where it belonged. Dawn wasn't far away from making its appearance, they were all tired for all the thrills, and it was time to get all the stuff back in place so hard work was coming for the next weeks... the group started to make its way out, with the Irishman staying behind like wanting to be with his thoughts for a while. Again he looked to one of his wristbands, tapping the top with his index finger a couple of times like trying to see if it wouldn't turn on, sighing deeply and with some resignation when he realized that it was futile... \"Can I say something?\" He yelped and swore softly when he heard a female voice having said something, looking to the sides first to then look down, seeing Barb looking at him, \"Oh, sorry, did I scare you?\" For a moment he wanted to be sarcastic as heck, but he didn't, \"Sorry, I'm Barb. Nice to meet you Jack.\" \"So... are you with them now?\" Jack asked realizing the vest she was using, she looked away a bit, \"You helped Flint to get back his machine, right?\" She nodded, wondering how he did know as she didn't see him around, \"Well, with that then I'm amazingly and totally sure they will give you a chance. I saw from the superior levels how you ripped off the machine off the hands of that spaghetti-like dude!\" He exclaimed, \"Don't worry about it, they're gonna forgive you as you ended up helping 'em.\" The ape couldn't help but give a smile at him, yet still feeling slightly unsure about it even if the charming aura of the Irishman gave her confidence; from there they just kept their way towards the inside of the Big Rock Candy Mountain... and again he walked behind, tapping again his wristbands a couple of times before giving up for the moment. In any case, there would be more time to fix everything... Right? ","Summary":" Author's Note : So this is a very random fanfiction I had in mind for a long while... so, let's see"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Inseperable","Author":"thatfreakyfangirl-17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13245236","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Nerd!\" \"Sparky!\" \"Train tracks! Woo woo!\" \"Four eyes! Four eyes! You need glasses to see-eee!\" \"Sam? Sam?\" The strawberry blonde snapped back to reality, and found a tall, thin man with tan skin and brown hair staring at her in a mix of confusion and concern. \"Huh?! What?\" \"Are you alright, darling?\" \"Y- yeah. Just a little tired...\" \"First day jitters, huh?,\" the man, Patrick Patrickson, asked with a smirk. She laughed nervously, \"Heh heh... Yeah. I guess...\" \"Do you like coffee at all?\" \"I... love coffee actually...\" \"Come with me, and I'll show you to the break room.\" He led her down a corridor, and opened the door to a small room with a coffee table, a coffee maker sitting on the counter, and a mini fridge underneath it. Sitting around the table- drinking coffee, eating doughnuts, and joking around- were three women and two men. One of the men in particular caught her attention. He was on the short side and sat in silence, only smiling and nodding, as his coworkers chatted amongst themselves and wore a black windbreaker with the company's logo over the heart, blue polo shirt, bootcut jeans, and a blue and white baseball cap. She blushed when his gaze met hers, and he winked at her. \"Samantha. I'd like you to meet Sarah, Michelle, Nancy, Mike, and Manny,\" Patrick gestured to each in procession. \"Hi,\" she gave a shy wave. Sarah leaned over to Michelle, and Sam could hear her whisper, \"She's kinda cute...\" \"Well that is the only thing we look for in our reporters,\" Michelle yawned and leaned back in her chair. \"That, and a bubbly yet sassy personality...\" Nancy shook her head, \"Sassy?! A cinnamon roll like her? No! No no no... I'm sure she's a real sweetheart!\" \"What? Much like yourself?!\" \"Oh that's just rich, Sarah...!\" As the two younger ladies argued, a rather uncomfortable Michelle grabbed her thermos and left the room with Mike and Patrick hot on her heels. Sam was about to leave with them when Manny snorted, rolled his eyes, and asked in a deep, heavily accented voice, \"Would you two puh-lease take your argument somewhere else?! Thank you!\" As soon as they were gone, there was an awkward moment of silence between the intern and cameraman when he asked, \"So... Sam? Right?\" \"Yeah! Yeah... And Manny?\" He smiled warmly, \"You got it! Want some coffee and a doughnut?\" \"Yes, please! I'm starving!\" He nodded, got up from his chair, and walked over to the counter to pour her a cup of the bitter liquid. \"Any creamer or sugar?\" \"Four cups of creamer, and three packets of sugar. Thank you for asking.\" \"There you are, my dear,\" Manny set the cup in front of her. \"Drink up. You have a long day ahead of you.\" \"Thank you,\" she replied before taking a sip. When she set the cup back down, she noticed that he had wrote a note on it in tiny, neat handwriting. Meet me at Noodles tonight? 6:35 PM With regards, Manuel Angelo-Castillo Estavez \"I- I'd love t-!\" She stopped when she realized that the cameraman was no longer by her side, \"Oh! Huh...,\" before holding the cup close to her heart and sighing wistfully with tears threatening to spill. When she was in school, she never really had a 'best friend'. Someone she could spill all of her secrets to, hang out with, and, quite possibly, take their relationship to the next level. All the kids either used her, or would be loyal to her only to break her heart when they transferred to another school or joined a clique. Fast forward four years later, and she still struggled with making and keeping friends. She closed her eyes, and a teardrop finally made its way down her right cheek, \"I look forward to having dinner with you and hopefully becoming your friend, Manny, but please promise me that you won't go breaking my heart. Wherever you are...\" ","Summary":" \"Nerd!\" \"Sparky!\" \"Train tracks! Woo woo!\" \"Four eyes! Four eyes! You need glasses to see-ee"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"La gota que colmó el vaso","Author":"Doof-fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12360270","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hace muchísimo tiempo que quería escribir algo sobre esta película, específicamente desde el año 2009 cuando se estrenó. Siento que es sumamente infravalorada por la enorme mayoría, si bien su trama es sencilla y algo \"extraña\", creo que su fuerte son los personajes y lo interesantes que pueden ser más allá del papel que cumplieron en la cinta. Por muchas razones, Flint Lockwood (su nombre original, en Latino le cambiaron el apellido por \"loco\" O.o) es un personaje muy importante para mi y me identifico con él a niveles profundos. Cuando la vi de pequeña a los 13 años, sentí muchas escenas a un nivel muy personal y puedo decir que mi vida cambió luego de verla, por eso el personaje es alguien muy importante para mi. (Creo que este tipo de cosas jamás las diría fuera de este sitio XD) La escena de cuando le cae la pecera es una de las que más me llegó y quise profundizar que pasaba por la mente de Flint en ese momento hasta segundos antes de encontrarse con Sam. Creo que es muy alegórica y en algún párrafo dejo ver un poco la razón. Es una historia con mucho angst. Si bien Flint en general es un personaje muy alegre, hay momentos como este que creo que nos demuestran algo más de su personalidad. Espero que lo disfruten, es una historia bastante reflexiva. Cloudy with a chance of meatballs pertenece a Sony Pictures Animation. La gota que colmó el vaso En el momento en que esa enorme pecera cayó sobre él, sintió que todo se derrumbaba. Todo había salido mal, absolutamente todo. Había trabajado en aquella máquina incansablemente y cuando la vio escapar de sus manos y volar hacia el cielo, sabía que estaba todo perdido. De alguna manera sentía que era la última oportunidad de demostrarle a las personas de la isla, y sobre todo a su padre, que ser inventor era el sueño que quería seguir y que no era un fracaso siéndolo. No quería trabajar en la tienda de sardinas, de verdad las odiaba, y no podía comprender por qué a su padre le costaba tanto entender eso. Ahora su máquina de comida, la cual le llevó semanas concretar, estaba perdida en el cielo. Su última oportunidad de demostrar su valor se había escapado de sus manos y había provocado un desastre. Pronto los habitantes del pueblo estaban rodeando la pecera dónde estaba encerrado, mientras le gritaban. Podía ver sus rostros de enojo y desprecio. Sabía que en la isla no era muy querido excepto por su familia, pero jamás se había encontrado en una situación como esa. Su invento arruinó el festival de sardinas y tal vez la única oportunidad que habían tenido de generar algo de turismo y regresarle la vieja gloria al sitio antes de que la fábrica cerrara y fueran olvidados del resto del mundo. Su mirada se depositó específicamente en su padre que lo miraba decepcionado. Era tal vez el único que no estaba enojado con él, veía a su lado como Earl el policía escribía hojas y hojas de multas y lo amenazaba por lo ocurrido. Tim solo negaba con la cabeza con tristeza. Era un hombre muy inexpresivo, pero aun así, Flint pudo captar el peso de tristeza de él. Le había prometido quedarse cuidando la tienda, y no había cumplido con lo prometido. En ese momento no pudo evitar que la frustración le ganara por completo y apoyó la cabeza contra el vidrio, provocando que este se quebrara estrepitosamente y así rompiendo la única barrera que lo separaba del resto. O al menos físicamente. Se sentía expuesto. Las personas al menos habían dejado de gritarle debido al estruendo. No podía quedarse ahí. Antes de que algo peor ocurriera, huyo corriendo hacia el muelle movido por la vergüenza y la culpa. Necesitaba estar solo. Algunas veces, sobre todo cuando sus inventos fracasaban, le gustaba ir al lugar más solitario de la isla dónde sabía que nadie lo podría encontrar. Antiguamente el viejo muelle del pueblo era uno de los lugares más activos, cuando la exportación de sardinas estaba en su punto culmine y era la principal actividad económica. Cuando todo eso terminó, el lugar poco a poco fue quedando abandonado, con solo un remanente de sus antiguas glorias con un par de botes abandonados y la enorme industria lúgubre como adorno. Al menos eso al aspirante a científico no le molestaba en lo absoluto, incluso pensaba que eso representaba bien su estado de ánimo cada vez que iba a ese lugar a reflexionar. Sentado en la escalera mirando el mar, acariciaba a Steve su fiel compañero. Agradecía el momento en el que consiguió a ese pequeño mono rescatándolo de un barco de contrabando hace un par de años que había varado en la isla abandonado. Lo había llevado a casa y recordaba como su padre había estado en contra de quedárselo, aún más cuando Flint había tratado de conectarle un traductor de ideas para saber qué era lo que decía. Finalmente se había terminado encariñando con el animal y lo había dejado quedárselo, sobre todo sabiendo que en el fondo era el único amigo que su hijo tenía en ese lugar luego del fallecimiento de su querida esposa. Ponerle el invento traductor era una manera burda de recrear medianamente otro ser con el cual conversar, o al menos sentirse acompañado. Acariciaba su pelo mientras el pequeño primate decía \"¿Triste?\" y lo observaba. Sabía que no era el ser más inteligente, pero era muy perceptivo a sus emociones. Simplemente le dio un abrazo como respuesta y suspiró observando el oleaje silencioso y frío del lugar. Tal vez era momento de dejar los inventos como le había dicho su padre en la mañana. Tal vez su madre se había equivocado… Todavía recordaba cuando estaba a su lado y lo motivaba a cumplir sus sueños. Era la única persona que realmente podía entenderlo a un nivel más profundo y le animaba a seguir sus metas por más locas que parecieran. Cada vez que se sentía triste o desanimado, estaba ella para decirle lo asombroso y especial que era y lo feliz que estaba de tenerlo como hijo. Muchas veces durante su infancia temió no ser lo suficientemente bueno, pero ahí estaba su madre nuevamente para disipar esos miedos y su especialidad en elegir las palabras adecuadas para volver a motivarlo al día siguiente de desarrollar otra gran idea. No pudo evitar mirar al anticuado edificio dónde su madre solía trabajar, hasta el día que enfermó gravemente y lo inevitable ocurrió. Sintió una pequeña puntada en el pecho y sin darse cuenta estaba agarrando con un puño la bata que traía puesta, la cual era el recuerdo más cercano que poseía, incluso más que las fotografías que tenían en casa que Tim se quedaba mirando durante las tardes después del trabajo. Tal vez lo que más le dolía de todo el asunto, más que haber ganado nuevamente el rechazo del pueblo, era no haber cumplido con las expectativas que su madre tenía de él. ¿Qué pensaría si lo viera en ese momento? Lo había decidido. Aunque significara abandonar su pasión, dejaría de inventar. Ya había tenido suficientes pruebas de que no era lo suyo y haber perdido la FLDSMDFR era la gota que colmaba el vaso. No sabía con qué cara podría ver a su padre luego de lo ocurrido, o como Brent tendría otro motivo más para burlarse de él por lo que le había hecho a Sardinalandia. Tendría que enfrentarse a las consecuencias de lo que había hecho una vez más, aunque por lejos esta había sido la peor de todas. En ese momento deseaba no haber salido nunca de aquella pecera que de alguna forma representaba simbólicamente lo distinto que era de todos los demás y parecía vivir en su propio mundo, y como esa barrera había sido bruscamente quebrantada. Estaba a punto de tomar una decisión, cuando unos pasos sobre la madera lo distrajeron de sus pensamientos. Espero que les haya gustado. Saludos cordiales de Doof-Fan ","Summary":" Hace muchísimo tiempo que quería escribir algo sobre esta película, específicamente desde el año 20"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Fix you","Author":"AliceUchihaLockwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10388674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a little one-shot that I wrote. The song is called Fix you :3 Enjoy Cwacom belongs to Sony Pictures Animation It was a beautiful night on Swallow Falls island, illuminated by starlight, a young man was walking through there, taking a sad smile and a bouquet of flowers in his hands, blue-eyed, riotous hair, big nose, wore a blue t-shirt with yellow edges, Brown jeans, transparent and bright shoes along with a lab coat... Flint Lockwood was walking with a sad smile, with a bouquet of flowers he went to a place he visited frequently, as it had been 10 years since his mother had died. To reach the entrance, climbed the Hill, reaching the foot of a tree, which had a headstone engraved \"Fran Lockwood\" on it. —Hello mom... — He said sad — how are you...? He recalled that one time that you left your school running in the rain, full of shame for having humiliated the same with the Spray On Shoes. Fran was preparing dinner, Tim reading the newspaper, he became desperate, surprising his mother and worrying about her much, while his father was confused by what happened, it hit the door and threw himself to his bed sobbing... -What do you think is wrong, Fran? -asked Tim She only sighed, smiling as only a mother can do, going to dig a few things of her room. Tim looked curious towards her, and then pulled out a bright, white lab coat as snow. He was surprised, without understanding from where it had taken that... —And that lab coat? —It's a long story —she said —. It is rather old I think... I was saving it for his birthday, but... I think it's time, but first try to talk to him... Tim sighed, knocked the door and said: —Not all sardines can swim, son. —I don't understand fishing metaphors! —the child exclaimed, pulling back into his bed while he cried —What I said? —asked Tim Fran sighed, knew that it wasn't easy for her son to understand Tim and vice versa, grasping his shoulder, said she would take care of her son, hiding the coat of Flint behind her back, entered and said sitting on the edge of the bed of the child, and putting the coat on the floor: —Honey, I think your shoes are wonderful —Everyone just think I'm a weirdo —he said this under his pillow —So? People probably though they were weirdoes too -she said pointing to Flint's posters -but that never stopped them. She raised the lab coat of the floor, and continued: —I was saving this for your birthday, but... here She showed the lab coat to her son, his eyes were enlarged by the surprise... —Wow... A professional lab coat, as the scientists! -He said gripping and donning it, making it smile - Me is perfect! —The world needs your originality Flint, although you now a little big. I know that one day you will do very big things. Flint smiled and hugged his mother, after that grabbed their crayons and began to draw himself in a more adult version, pasting it together with their posters, admiring it for a few seconds, was until its tree house lab... He was with a huge knot in the throat and couldn't breathe, his heart felt very heavy, he lowered his eyes, clasping his coat to feel more closer to her, and said very hurt: —Sorry mom... but I got to go... And it ran at the speed of sound toward the hills, to finish at the bottom of a stream, sitting while he looked at his reflection, he began to review his life to date, until the incident of the FLDSMDFR, where it nearly destroyed the world, nearly killing his friends and almost losing his own life for world safety. Tears threatened to fall down his face, trying to breathe deeply to restore calm, he felt a hand on his shoulder. When he turned his gaze, Alice was looking at it with a bit of sadness... —Hi Lock... what happens? —She asked —Hi... Alice... —responded discouraged —is not nothing... I'm OK... —You're lying —said she sitting at his side —tell me. You know that you can tell me all... Flint took a deep breath, trying to drown the tears that threatened to come out at any time, said: -What date is today...? Alice recalled at once, then Flint continued: —I'm a vain... I can do nothing without risking that surround me... or without risking my own life... I can not do anything alone... —Flint... There are no vain, quiet... —How you want to calm me down? -said this quite altered - can not do anything without risking to those that want to! Always the people I want to... - said giving a pause - dies... or... Alice included, had been another situation she would be yelling at his friend, but this time was different. Flint shrugged ball, still trying to keep the tears threatening out, like a water tank at the top... —Ok, I'll try to not cry with this... — thought Alice Sighing in a very deep way, trying to save that which was inside, putting her hand on his back began to sing: When you try your best, but you don't succeed When you get what you want, but not what you need When you feel so tired, but you can't sleep Stuck in reverse When the tears come streaming down your face When you lose something you can't replace When you love someone, but it goes to waste Could it be worse? Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you A tear of water was in Flint's eyes, still trying to not cry, Alice continued with the song: And high up above or down below When you're too in love to let it go If you never try, then you'll never know Just what you're worth Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you Tears stream down your face When you lose something you cannot replace Tears stream down your face And I... Tears stream down your face I promise you that I'll learn from my mistakes Tears stream down your face And I... Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you Flint ended up sobbing while Alice hugging him, she was also with a few tears down his eyes as he caressed the back of Flint, with a small smile on his face, a few moments later he said: —You know... thank you... Alice smiled, raising her eyes to a sky full of stars, watching with happiness, then continued: —I'm sure your mom is taking care of us, along with my grandfather... Flint also raised its view of the sky, a tear fell down her face, the brightest stars sparkled in the eyes of both, outlining a smile he gave a look to her friend, who also gave him the same smile that Fran gave him at a time. —It is fortunate that we are friends —said Flint —who knows that it would be of us now... —Say nothing and let's go back to the start... He agreed with her, wiping tears from his eyes, and casting a last look at the star, they were back to the city... Flint clinging to his lab coat and Alice... …Alice holding her collar and her friend. Both with the stars in their minds... …And the song in their hearts. Lights will guide you home... and ignite your bones And I will try... To fix you... ~Sharotto ","Summary":" A/N: This is a little one-shot that I wrote. The song is called Fix you :3 Enjoy Cwacom belongs to "},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Stutter Bird","Author":"xLazy-Brunette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10381670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs. Chapter 1 Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Ellen. She always loved the magic of HTML coding ever since computers were made. Ellen just loved designing websites. Another thing she adored were clouds. The nice fluffy ones that you dream about every night. As happy as she looked everyday, inside she was unstable. Her brother and father had recently passed away from a car accident and she just can't seem to get over it. She even obtained a fear of cars. All she had left was her mother. Ellen barely left the house, but when she ever did, she always went to the local park for some thinking time. After the accident, she can't help but stutter. She hated it ... \"Ellen, honeybee, could you buy some food for dinner on your way back from the park?\" Ellen's mother asked from the family room. \"Yep-yep! I'll t-try to!\" Ellen replied as she gathered her things into her carrying bag. Ellen wasn't much of a friend maker, but she tried her best. She can be a bit socially awkward at times, but she can manage a short convorsation. \"I-I'm going to the p-park!\" \"Be careful! I love you! Have fun!\" her mother shouted. So she was off. A routine did almost everyday. Nothing could be different. Ellen was walking to her destination when she found something shiny on the ground. Silver, but not a nickle, quarter, nor a dime. Instead it was a key of a sort. She picked it up, observing it's shiny outside. Who dropped it? Does it even unlock anything? Ellen looked around, not able to see anyone running towards it, not even searching for a lost item. It sounded sort of like a movie. Journey to the thing the key opens! Nahh, it didn't sound like an interesting movie. She kept on walking, not taking a single eye off of the object. Glancing up, she had finally arrived at the park, but it looked more than empty. \"Where is everyone..?\" she whispered to herself. It's usually packed with families. Maybe it's a busy day? She looked down only to see a pooling black substance. \"O-oil?\" she stooped down and hesitantly moved her pointer finger towards the black liquid. So ... mysterious ... \"DON'T TOUCH THAT-!\" a voice came screaming from behind. \"Wh-\" Ellen stood up and turned around, only to be facing a guy that looked like he was somewhere in his 20's-AND RUNNING AT HER WITH FORCE! WHAM! She was pushed down with his body on top of hers, rolling away from the black puddle. Ellen's eyes were shut tight, her hands just beside her face. Her breath was uneven with fear. peeking with one eye, she saw a black-haired, blue-eyed, lab-coated boy. His hair was all wacky ... Ellen thought it was cool. \"H-hi ... hi.\" she said nervously. \"Hi. I, uhh... sorry, I didn't really mean to-\" \"It ... it's f-fine,\" she nervously smiled. What if he's like everyone else? What if ... he's just another trouble maker? \"I ... err- I ... I-\" \"OH, right-\" he stood up, helping Ellen off of the ground. \"You see, I had invented an automatic plant fertilizer but it kind of ended up ... turning into poisonous acid.\" he scratched behind his head and looked at the ground guiltily. Ellen couldn't help but tilt her head and wonder why he would invent such a thing. He sure had imagination and creativity, that was something. \"Y-you're s-smart ...\" you're smart? Seriously? Curse that social awkwardness ... it always got in the way. She took a deep breath. Hopefully that would clear her head a bit. \"My name's Ellen.\" nailed it! \"Flint. So, what are you doing here at this time of day?\" Ellen couldn't form words, she was so nervous. Was she actually talking to someone? \"W-well, I uhh ... I-I come here to relax. I mostly do web design, but sometimes I draw the birds ...\" \"Wow ... what kind of birds?\" Flint asked. He was ... interested? \"Blue Jays, cardinals, robins, b-birds like that,\" she smiled. \"I've-I've always been intrigued by how colorful they are and how beautiful their songs are.\" Ellen didn't understand. It was like everytime she talked to Flint, her stuttering faded ... it was amazing. Her stomach filled with butterflies everytime she tried to say something. What was this feeling? Her face felt red hot ... she hoped Flint couldn't see it turn pink. This has never happened before. In all her years of living, she was a bit worried about this. She could feel her legs changing into spaghetti. Flint seemed to look a bit confused at her. Oh no, there's that awkwardness again ... \"I have to ... b-buy f-food for din-dinner, I ...\" she slowly backed up. This was what she does. First, she talks ... then comes those terrible social skills, and then she runs from it all. But, why is she running away now? Flint looked like he somewhat understood her. \"S-sorry I ... g-goodbye!\" she said, her voice trembling a bit as she ran away from her problem. \"Ellen, wait-!\" That time spent with Flint was somehow happy, but embarrassing at the same time. Ellen rolled her eyes, calling herself an idiot. What if they meet up again? What will she say? What will HE say? She had made a complete fool of herself back there. A-and it isn't even 6 o'clock yet! It's just half past 4:00pm! She couldn't wait to tell her mother about this. She sighed, regretting her recent action. She can't always expect to bump into people again without a plan. Ellen just hoped she didn't ruin a possible friendship. Flint seemed like a nice guy. She always does this. Looking behind her, she could just barely see his blurry figure. Quickly running up to her front porch, she unlocked the door and ran inside, closing the door behind herself. \"M-m-mom, I-I- I didn't- I-\" she stammered in a sentence. Her mother got up from her seat, walking over to her troubled daughter. \"What's wrong, Ellen? Is everything okay?\" Ellen took a deep breath. \"I met a boy ,\" her eyes were as wide as cookies. Right after, she remembered she was supposed to buy food for her desired supper, but she had forgotten all about it when she ran into that inventor. \"I-I didn't get the ... food.\" Her mother stared at her for just a few seconds. \"Ellen, honeybee, don't worry about the food right now. We can just order pizza. For now, tell me all about your unexpected encounter.\" her mother gave her daughter a soft smile and lead her to the dining room. Both sitting down, Ellen had explained everything that had happened with Flint. \"E-each time I sp-spoke with him, I st-stuttered less,\" she rested her head on her hand. \"And I felt so weird t-talking ... I-I've never felt that feeling before ...\" Her mother hummed. \"Maybe it was a sort of infatuation. I felt the same way about your father.\" Ellen smiled at the thought of her first crush. She hoped to see him again tomorrow, and maybe get to know him more. \"I-I guess it felt something like that ...\" her face turned a light pink. \"Tomorrow I'll go back to the park and see if I-I can find ... F-Flint.\" here come the impossible scenarios. SOMETHING NEW TO REFRESH EVERYTHING AND IT'S MOTHER IN MY SYSTEM. WOOOOO. I have taken a strong liking to this movie. Hope you all like my new added fandom lmao. I will be going to Boston Tuesday, (tomorrow) and I will not be able to update as quickly as usual. I will be getting back Sunday, and then, and only then, will I upload more chapters. So, how did you all like this story? QUITE A CLIFFHANGER, EH? See you all so soon! LOVE YOU ALL! Reviews would make my day! That's how I know if you guys like it or not. Even if It's just a wow, or a hi! everything counts! Toot sweet, xLazy ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs. Chapter 1 Once upon a time, there lived"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Sometimes all you need is a second chance","Author":"Adeepenedsoulopens28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13234741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first thing Chester V realized when he woke up wss he was still alive, the last thing he remembered was being pulled into the giant cheeseburgers jaws and then darkness. \"Well someones finally up\". Chester's head jerked up at the voice Flint was leaning up against the wall, it was then he noticed he was in a bed. Wait wasent this Flint's lab? The man reconized although thid time it wasent filled with water and wires. It looked brand new. \"What happened?\". Chester V said softly sitting up a hand to his head. \"You were eaten by the cheeseburger spider\". Flint shurgged. \"We found you a few days later. You've been out for 3 days\". \"But after everything I did to you. Did to your friends\". Chester's eyes furrowed. \"Why did you\". \"Save your life?\". Flint said cooly. \"I guess I just have my moms willing to forgive. Shes the one who introduced me to your show you know. Said you were a smart man. That if I wanted to be a great scientist that I could learn alot from you. I certianly did. What not to do\". The older man cringed at the tone. \"But\". Chester's head jerked up. \"My mom also taught me to give second chances. And thats what im giving you. My friends are even on board with it. As long as you don't cause problems\". Flint eyed the man for a moment. \"My machine survived. The food animals and humans now live in peace. So help me Chester. If you try to hurt them again\". \"I wont Mr. Lockwood\". Chester stated quickly lifting a hand. \"You have my word. I learned my lesson\". \"Good\". Flint nodded. He turned to go. \"Im going to make some dinner. Ill bring you some. Your welcome to stay as long as you like. As for your question. When my mom died. Your show helped me out of depression. If it wasent for your show I\". He swallowed. \"Dunno if id still be alive. Consider this a debt repaid for saving my life\". Leaving the Lab Chester was brought into silence, guilt weighted heavy on the mans heart. Despite everything he had put Lockwood through. He still came ro his aid. He had been Flint's Hero. Someone he looked up to. Aimed to please. And he took advantage of it. Chester put his head in his hands. What had he done? ","Summary":" The first thing Chester V realized when he woke up wss he was still alive, the last thing he rememb"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"If My Heart Was a House - After CWACOM2","Author":"Aero Warriors","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10992632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flint scurried about his lab, tweaking any sort of function he could. Refining to the last line of code, straightening the one frayed wire that crossed his lab. He was so certain with his movements, and so swift, it was impossible for Sam to land her eyesight on him for even a second. \"So…\" Sam gazed around at all the blue screens that whirled to life with diagrams and whatchamacallits that always changed to something new. \"Why did you bring me here?\" \"I just wanted to show you this incredibly awesome new thing I built, just for you!\" Flint was ecstatic and hyper, dashing around with a huge, almost comical grin on his face. His adhesive-laced feet blurred before her, and she couldn't see them, even with her remarkable glasses. Sam watched skeptically. She adored her boyfriend, but he could sometimes be a little bit… well, lets just go with 'wacky'. Finally, after running about so much - and Sam thought that he might faint if he went about much longer - Flint paused at a single, huge screen. It took up a single wall, and Sam's eyes widened. Flint paused to stop at a keyboard, and hurriedly typed in strands of code with his incredibly swift fingers. A loading screen slowly appeared onscreen, and the pair waited patiently for it to finished. Barry, as usual, was beside Sam, his small frond-like arms wrapped around her thigh. His green eyes widened as the screen flickered to life, and the sparks of electronics danced in his reflecting orbs. He hid behind Sam, scared of all the movement that hurt his eyes. \"It's called the Flint Lockwood Incredibly Awesome Helpful Mechanical Being,\" Flint explained, pointing at the screen. \"Or, the F.L.I.A.H.M.B.\" \"Okaaay,\" Sam said cautiously, watching as Flint pulled open a drawer, which contained a seemingly obsolete red block. Grunting with effort, he carried it out into the open and set it down, Letting out a sigh of exertion, he rubbed his back painfully. Sam just blinked. \"It's not doing anything,\" she said pointedly. But at that point, a circle slowly looped in the center, glowed strangely, and at that point, a large orange being slowly appeared out of the square on the top. Sam stepped back, and Barry let out a frightful burbling noise. Hello! Sam gasped, and flailed her arms back, almost tripping over her own feet. Flint swiftly stepped behind her, and caught her as she tripped, laughing somewhat and straightening her glasses. She was still too shocked at what she saw to say anything. I am a robot, the orange mechanical figure continued, designed to help in any way possible. Some of my features include: Healing, defensive action, computation, and a research device. \"I made him for you,\" Flint explained shyly, looking at his wondrous machine. \"You told me you had a… well, let's just say illness. So then I thought, 'How would I make a machine that would do things to help beings?' So I made the F.L.I.A.H.M.B.,\" he continued. Sam's eyes narrowed. It was true that she often had muscle spasms, but she hated to admit it to anybody around her. But Flint was her best friend, so why not try out that machine Flint had crafted with such care for her? \"Let me show you how it works.\" Flint pressed a red button, and a small semicircle appeared, holding a sharp, pointed needle. He carefully pressed his finger on the spiked tip, not enough to cause serious injury, but enough to form a small droplet of blood. \"Ow.\" Suddenly, the F.L.I.A.H.M.B and came up to Flint. Have you been injured? Flint nodded, holding out his hand. The mechanical assistant placed his own blocky hand on it, and miraculously, the cut sealed up with no scar. \"Wow,\" Sam squeaked, clapping her hands like an ecstatic teen. \"That is awesome !\" Suddenly, Flint stifled a yawn. He blinked, and gazed at his watch. \"I think it's almost 10:43,\" he said, rubbing his eyes sleepily. \"It's getting late.\" \"Sweet dreams,\" Sam replied, giving him a kiss on the cheek before heading to the entrance.[Chapter 2] Flint, however, still wasn't asleep, like he promised. He was up all night researching on the new machine he had just invented. The small mechanical charging station was on his desk, circling brilliant rings of light as the user slowly powered up. Flint snatched a cup of coffee from his Flint Lockwood Ultra Instant Coffee dispenser he had made a couple of months before and sipped the milky cappuccino inside the cup. Steve was making small anxious noises, but Flint ignored them. He knew Steve was ought to be nervous around such a huge mechanical block, but Flint knew what he was doing. What could go wrong? He turned in his swiveling chair, and plugged in a USB stick that trailed from his computer. A smaller, green ring appeared within the large one, and it moved much slower than the one outside it. Flint had put in a new USB stick to upgrade the robot, but he knew he should be patient with it. Besides, he could use more time to research about the being he had created. He sighed, stepping out of his chair, and stretched his arms into the stale lab air. He needed to freshen his mind, he was tired, and the caffeine wasn't helping. He couldn't sleep. \"Anxious!\" Steve whimpered, but Flint was in no position to be sympathetic. \"Shut up, Steve,\" he snapped, storming out of the lab. He was cross with sleep-deprivation, and the last thing he needed was someone to try to derail his plan. Sighing once more, he stepped into the bathroom stall-elevator, and transported at an astonishing speed to the grassy ground. Breathing in fresh, sweet air, he turned around. The sun was rising, its huge golden shape cresting over the hilltop, spreading its slow, glowing rays over the ground. It reminded him of the time he and Sam spent in the giant Jello castle, and he felt a lonely ache in his heart that he couldn't quite place a name to. \" So, Jello. Right, right right.\" \" Why do you do that? Do what?\" \" Can you keep a secret? No.\" He shook his head, attempting to clear his head of his troubles. His mind was foggy and sedated, and he decided to sit there for a while on the brown, dried grass. Bringing in his knees close to his chest, he stayed there and watched as the sky grew brighter. He slowly stood up, and walked to his lab, in a moment of silent thought. As soon as he walked in, he slumped onto his bed. His muscles were tense, and for some reason, all thoughts that happened during the return to Swallow Falls made intense emotions spread through him like wildfire- fury, grief, guilt, and rue. He slammed his head onto his pillow, as memories of Chester V.'s betrayal surged his brain. How could I have believed in him?! He lied to me. I never should have looked up to him! Finally, he sat up, staring wildly at the posters of Chester V. plastered on his walls, and picking up the nearest thing to him (his pillow) and hurled it at them, screaming hysterically, \"I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!\" Suddenly, his lab door swung open, and he froze, pretending to be asleep. He was vaguely aware of a figure outside his door. It was Sam. She paused, and went over to his bed. \"Flint?\" She gazed at him, sitting on the foot of his bed. \"Was that you?\" Flint didn't reply. She ignored him, and traced slow, soothing circles on his spine. \"Are you alright?\" Her green eyes pulsed with concern. \"You can tell me.\" Flint sighed, sitting up on the bed. He turned his head to her, his blue eyes dark with sadness. \"I was just thinking how Chester V. could've killed me and all of you,\" he confessed. \"It was all my fault. I shouldn't have believed in him.\" \"Flint…\" Sam's voice grew low. \"You were the one to save us. If you did make the Celebrationater-\" \"It is my fault,\" he said furiously, kicking off the covers with his feet. \"Try to get some rest.\" Sam stroked his shoulders, then got off his bed. She walked over to the entrance, clicked off the lab lights, and walked out of the lab. ","Summary":" Flint scurried about his lab, tweaking any sort of function he could. Refining to the last line of "},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Seeing is Believing","Author":"and-we-will-come-back-home","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13177046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All in a Day's Work 1 It was the best of times, it was the worst of times… Or at least that's the only way how Flint Lockwood could describe what happened over the previous 6 months. Sparkswood Labs was flourishing, and Flint's favorite part of the day was watching the sun set behind the gray tower. As spring approached and the clock struck 8, all the lights that Sparkswood Labs had to offer would blanket the building. After all, there was beauty in science, no matter how boringly mathematical, dull and dreary it may appear to ignorant students, or better yet to people in general. While they sat together hand in hand, Flint and Sam would discuss the future for their creation before the dusk. They contemplated and pondered what would bring in the new, and when the stars finally came out to play, they would settle their thoughts with a tender kiss. Flint, during those overwhelming, impeccable, charming and everything wonderful moments, decided that spring was now the first of his favorite seasons. Yet beyond this little island out on the west coast, there was great distress. The fall of Live Corp occurred rapidly in 2 weeks' time; employment rate dropped significantly in the city of San Franjose. Walls and barriers were torn down without hesitation, and due to only a restricted amount of jobs available in the town, many fled to different states. A few fled to Arizona – a few to Washington, a few to New York. A few here, a few there, and some workers of the fallen company even attempted to apply for positions at Flint's new laboratory. Whilst this resulted in long and stressful interviews (with the support of Barb) because of the distrust the gang had in former Live Corp employees, a handful of them were accepted to start anew. Of course, security was stricter around them while they were completing their work. Earl had to accept double time every now and then to maintain order, but no problems have yet been created with the new staff. Watching the deconstruction of Live Corp was unfortunately a guilty pleasure for the Sparkswood Lab's cofounders. The unemployment rate was sad, but the demolition had to be carried out. Flint had always wanted to be a part of such a team for years, but it was obvious that some dreams of his were never meant to be. The anger they each held onto tempted them into smirking, the team turning away when the news announced that Live Corp was a company that chances are could never be revived. Tables were swiftly turned. The success of Sparkswood Labs outshined any accomplishments the other company managed to achieve. But the fate of the new laboratory, the foodimals and his friends rested in Flint's hands. There was no time for sulking, brooding, weeping, or questioning what could've been. At their rate, it wasn't something that could be afforded. Now was the time to inspire, design, create and spread the numerous ideas that Sparkswood's minds produced to all across the globe. The team was on guard. Around every corner they took, each of them expected something bad to happen. Nevertheless, despite the high vigilance, routine began to return. Life returned. \"Flint, you've got to come look at this!\" Sam exclaimed, her palms pressed against the circular glass of the incubator. It had been months before she could witness what the globe contained. She could hardly believe what was being displayed before her, even with her safety glasses on. Unique noises from other experiments sputtered in the background, along with the quick pitter patter of her partner's footsteps. \"Yeah? What is it?\" \"The flamangos are hatching!\" The meteorologist gazed in awe as tiny chirps started out soft, then began to grow. Beady eyes, little feet and a flurry of orange, red and green wobbled out of the pale shells. A couple of the dozen stumbled once or twice, but the warm nest equipped with straw softened their fall. The blue hues of Flint's eyes expanded. \"Aww, they're so cute!\" he cooed. \"Open it up; hurry!\" Flint pressed the seal button. A silent hiss escaped as the glass slid back into its socket. Holding out their hands, the two watched as the hatchlings cooed and churred against their fingertips. The lab was warmed with little giggles while the newborn flamangos happily nuzzled their caretakers' hands. Sam always cherished moments like this and as for Flint, whenever he saw the wonder in her eyes when she interacted with the foodimals, he felt like he really could freeze time, even if just for a few seconds. \"They'll fit right in with the other families,\" he stated contently. \"Once the mother's wing heals, we'll release them back to their natural habitat.\" The adult flamango rested in a cage nearby, comforted with blankets and a small harness around her tattered limb. Due to dryness of the climate, a small fire was formed in the Veggie Forest just southeast of the laboratory. Sam was lucky enough to come across the birdlike family during a patrol almost 5 weeks ago. With the help of their experienced ornithologists, they managed to restore her wing into a process where healing could occur. Rescuing injured foodimals was just another one of the hundreds of responsibilities Sparkswood took on. The paternal, satisfying feeling was a reward to the team, especially to Sam. \"When does Brent finish his shift on the chicken farm?\" she asked. \"Maybe we can assign him to the next patrol. I'm sure he'd be happy to return these little ones home.\" Brent had been in charge of the section of the lab that contained all foodimals that were birdlike. He had expressed most of his excitement toward that particular branch of all the species that resided there, so Flint carried out his request to care for them. Since then, Brent had taken on chicken farms, incubator shifts in the nursery and weekly checkups on multiple habitats. Of course, a team would be sent with him to ensure that his work was in line, and he um...stayed on task. After all, Brent was prone to silly distractions and wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed. \"That's a great idea! I'm not sure when he gets off, but I'll let him know straight away. Maybe we can – \" \"Sh-sh-shhh. Wait,\" she interrupted. \"Listen.\" Flint stood still. All he could hear were dials from the computers in. the background. \"I don't hear anythi...\" And then he felt it. It started out as a small shake, then a hurried, patterned rumble. Thump-thump thump-thump thump-thump thump. \"Saaaaam! Fliiiiiint!\" \"Earl?\" they both questioned, looking at one another and back to the nursery entrance. The door slammed open, almost falling off its shaking hinges. \" Sam! Flint! Come quick; we've got a Code 9! \" Sparkswood Labs had constructed an emergency coded system designed for any kind of foodimal problem its members were to come across. The system consisted of codes 1-12, 1 ranked as the lowest and least worrisome discord, while 12 ranked the highest and most dangerous. It took a month to establish a good start on the training program that was paired with it, but even codes 8-12 have unfinished training portions that are still in the works. \"Sam! Slow down, please!\" Flint swung, pushed and shoved through multiple branches that blocked his vision. Sam moved like lightning, sprinting through the vines followed by Earl. Panting and heaving, Flint did his best to keep up. Brent followed behind him along with Manny. An abrupt stop occurred. The man in the chicken suit cowered behind Flint as the scientist stepped forward. Their voices were taken away. The riverbank was empty. Not a nest, egg or flamango was in sight. \"I thought it was nothing, at first,\" Earl murmured when he stepped forward. Distraught, he reached into his side and pulled out a wooden clipboard. \"It started out so little, like 1 or 2. I thought maybe they had run off and would be back.\" He flipped the page, scrolling through the numbers. \"I took count of how many there were each day. But then I looked at the charts.\" While it was correct that the population decreased only by a few each day in the beginning of the month, it was approaching the end of May and now there were only 43 of the birds left. Displayed before them in the moment, however, were none. \"This does not make any sense. There were 43 left. How could they have just disappeared all in one night?\" Manny questioned. \"And on their own,\" Flint added. Brent took a look around, puzzled. \"Hey, where did all the foodies go?\" \"Wherever they went or whoever may have taken them, we have to get them back.\" Sam looked away from the charts, turning her attention to the policeman. \"If it's happened to these guys, who's to say the other foodimals won't be targeted? Our security needs to be doubled. What's the status on our perimeter checks?\" \"We have cameras, but not all habitats have been covered just yet, so I've been patrolling the surrounding fences of the forest for nights on end. Not once have I seen broken entrances or heard crazy things. The birds should have been fine! I don't know how I could've missed this.\" They began to look around for any sign of tracks, whether it was the prints of flamangos or of people. Every tree base, every curve of the riverbank, and even every bush was checked. There was nothing to be found. The sun began its descent into the west, twilight quickly creeping upon the forest. The shades of the tree bark all around grew dim. Life within Swallow Falls was always beautiful at this hour, but now wasn't the time for marveling. \"We need to get this part of the forest cleared out before any other foodimals go missing,\" Flint declared. \"I'm sure we'll get to the bottom of this. Until then, we can assign bigger patrol groups. We'll need more than 1 person in 1 area if we're going to solve this.\" Sam nodded, silent and thinking. The winds of spring weaved through the trees. A gentle night chill was on its way, serving as a reminder for them to turn back. \"I will warn Barb. It's time to go home.\"[Chapter 2] Governed Retribution 2 Shelbourne knew that the Arizona State Prison was in no shape or form pleasant. Not to mention the multiple doctors that he was forced to visit due to his weight gain. The court sentenced him to 24 years of prison time for the influenced damage to the town of Swallow Falls, or at the time known as Chew and Swallow. Flint Lockwood and his father confirmed the poor conduct that the mayor expressed during the lab. Had he not been in the way, the destruction of Swallow Falls could have very well been avoided. Any leftovers could have been taken care of in a far shorter amount of time compared to the collateral impairment the town suffered from. The former mayor knew he should have never eaten the food boat he was on, and he paid a cold price for it: time behind bars. Nevertheless, that didn't mean Shelbourne was entirely shut from the world. \"Current events for your Monday report: deconstruction of the former company Live Corp is down to its last 2 days of work before completion. Confirmation of the death of Chester V, CEO of Live Corp was announced last Saturday, September 28th. Citizens of San Franjose are...\" He watched the television's anchorman ramble on and on about the broken business. It was a rinky-dinky, dusty old thing, probably dating back to the 1980s, barely hanging on to the hook that equipped it close to the cracked ceiling. The channels rapidly cut in and out quickly, a reminder of what was left behind at Swallow Falls. Sitting close, however, earned him the ability to hear better compared to those who attempted to watch from the back of the cafeteria. Sometimes the obnoxious voices and miscellaneous noises crawled under his skin when he was trying to pay attention, especially with upcoming town elections, but the topic of today was none of his concern. And whenever the Lockwoods were on, interviewed by what seemed like every news station that could ever exist, Shelbourne did everything in his power to tune the damn thing out. Doesn't matter, he thought. Leftover expenses should take care of this situation. He would take care of the twerpy little twit later. Right now, he needed to get out of this hellhole. Picking at his pile of surely expired green peas with his fork, the former mayor sat alone, wishing he had more of that food weather in place of this disgusting filth the cafeteria ladies splat on his plate. He couldn't count how many dents from punches and throws were carved into the brittle plastic. Gray, gloomy, lifeless - it was these characteristics of the surrounding walls that made him feel all too familiar with his home. It was horrible, and an occasional potato or carrot would be tossed at him during his quiet moments, followed by a sharp \"keep eating, fatass!\" or \"pigs don't sit at the table!\". Repetition made it almost daily, and let's not forget the typical \"that is one big mayor\" quote inaudibly muttered every time he passed down the hall on his scooter. Ignoring the annoying knuckle-scrapers and projecting his hatred towards the inventor that ruined him was the only thing that kept him sane. Numerous bent metal forks and spoons were returned to the kitchen because of it. There was only one thing to do during this time of solitude: to plot and scheme. That tiny idiot will pay for what he's caused. This was just a temporary setback for his revenge. Nothing lasts forever. A little fall of rain couldn't hurt him. \"All inmates last names N through T to the visitation room!\" The prisoner smirked. He swallowed his corndog whole, wiping his orange pants. \"Perfect timing.\" \"I swear to God, this is the last time I will do anything for you,\" a voice snapped. Turning his gaze upward, Shelbourne looked at the one person in his life he knew he could count on: Ben. His brother, who was far slimmer than he could now ever be, took a seat across from the rickety table, hands shuffling filed paperwork. The former mayor smirked. \"It's good to see you, too.\" \"Don't give me that tone. You've caused trouble in this family since the very beginning. If mom was still here, you know you'd have no way out of this.\" \"Blah, blah, blah - save me the lecturing, Ben. Do you have all of the ransom?\" His brother glared. \"Yes, but I barely managed to get it in time. Do you have any idea how much I've worked for this?\" he exclaimed, his eyes narrowing. Sweeping away the stray chestnut hair on his forehead, he drew in a deep breath. He should've known his sibling would have gotten himself into another sticky situation such as this. The trouble started in middle school. He had high hopes for high school, but those were quickly crushed. It wasn't necessarily violence he got himself involved in, but the absolute indolence was astounding. College should have turned him straight, he had thought for years, but even then, well... Mayor Shelbourne always had to find a way to prove him wrong. How could going to prison compared to keeping his town position - like Ben had hoped - be any different? \"You manipulated a kid, played a part in the destruction of Swallow Falls, and still don't care about losing at least some of your weight ga-\" \"Hey, I've been trying to lose it!\" Shelbourne's hands slammed on the table. \"The doctors say that I'm doing fine. Do you have any idea how much I have to shut out the countless reminders that are given to me in the cafeteria? I can't even spend 5 minutes alone without the horrible word 'fatass' thrown at my face. Even the guards participate in the fun little game they've created!\" \"That wouldn't be a problem,\" Ben growled, \"if you hadn't been sent here. That wouldn't be a problem had you not fell for your greed and stopped the machine.\" The brother exchanged a swift glance at the nearby television, the news still blabbering on about a recent man's death. \"You have no one to blame but yourself.\" Sighing, Shelbourne held his face in his hands. His time here would be over soon - just had to hang in there. \"I'm tired of arguing. What date did they assign my release?\" \"October 15th. Come tomorrow, you will have two weeks left.\" The bell of the visitation room tolled. Family members and lawyers stood from their tables, shuffling towards the exits. Multiple guards dressed in blue escorted the inmates back to where they were assigned, and Shelbourne could see one heading his way right now. \"Hey, look at me,\" Ben murmured, gaining his attention once more, gently clasping his hand. A sad look gently crossed his face, and Shelbourne stopped. He hadn't seen that expression in a long time, not since Ma passed... \"Promise me you won't screw this up. Promise me - if I get you out - you won't come back to a place like this.\" \"I will...\" He trailed off for a moment. But...but Lockwood... The inmate cleared his throat.\"I will do my best.\" How painful it can be to lie through your teeth. Sunlight poured onto the streets like coats of rain. It's been so long since he could explore beyond the prison gates, their towers of chains and thorns preventing any kind of attempted escape. Not to mention that Shelbourne didn't have the highest intellect out of all the other inmates. But to seize the day at his own will, to smell the streets again, to see families walking together hand in hand and to finally get another taste of real food was worth the time he served. Because of his unemployment, finally, he could build the hot dog stand he had always wanted to build. What better way to start than on the beach? The former mayor adored being near the water. During his toughest times, he always looked to the sea for amity. There was just something so special about it that he couldn't describe. But that did not excuse what Flint Lockwood did. No, never - never in a thousand years. It did not excuse his banishment from being the town's mayor. It did not excuse him being sent to prison all over a stupid food machine. It did not excuse Flint casting him out into his shadow, while the town - mindless as they are - followed him with pride and applause, and still does today. \"No, he growled, \"it doesn't.\" He looked at the signed release papers in his hand. They were grasped firmly, edges crinkling and crumpling to nothing. The sun reached its highest peak above in the afternoon sky, almost blinding the earth, and not a cloud in sight. \"On my mother's grave, I swear this: you will pay, Flint Lockwood. You will pay.\" ","Summary":" All in a Day's Work 1 It was the best of times, it was the worst of times… Or at least that's the o"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"A Life Only On Pages","Author":"godzillacowboy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10400528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Hey guyyysss, okay so, the 1st chapter is either always the longest or the shortest, but bare with me, I swear these chapters get a bit more reasonably sized (longer) XD. Anyways, ENJOY! To be entirely honest, he wasn't exactly sure how to feel. His hero had been nothing he had ever thought he was except a scientific genius. When Flint and the gang had gotten back to their little apartments in SanFran Jose to collect all their things and jumpstart their new lives in the jungles of Swallow Falls, Flint couldn't help but feel devastated. As Chester V stared proudly back at him from a scuffed and faded poster on his wall, an overwhelming sense of defeat had come over him. He couldn't really bare to look at the poster. His legs felt a little weak under him, so he sat on his dingy little couch cot and sighed. Sam was busy with the packing of her own apartment, and his dad was helping the others get their boxes onto the boat. This was the first time he was left to his own thoughts in days. He was breathless and shocked after finally realizing that everything he ever aspired to be was a lie. Flint knew that he hadn't lost everything though. If anything, he gained so many more things since before the FLDSMDFR, and he had so much to look forward to as well, but still, it was hard. Chester V's success and popularity was what always helped lift Flint's spirits since he was a kid. He never gave up, even if he had hidden bruises and scratches and shivered in his locker at school some days to avoid any confrontations from unfriendly parties. The photos and torn out scraps of articles from Liv Corp that Flint kept on his person at all times were his friends, and had supported him throughout his childhood, even when the going got tougher. Running his fingers though his unruly mop of brown hair, he looked up at the poster and spoke, \"I don't understand. You were the greatest scientist this world had ever seen, and yet, you were completely out of your mind. I can't even begin to express the confusion I feel. All my life, you were my hero and I considered you a friend, but now that I look at you, you're a stranger. You tried to kill me! I mean, all I ever wanted was for you to appreciate my work and share with me your thoughts on everything!\" Unconsciously, Flint waited for a reply that never came, and then he put his face in his hands. Truly, up until the last moment of Chester's existence, he believed that Chester would turn around and realize that he could be good again. Although it seems ridiculous given everything Chester had done, Flint would have forgiven him. 'Maybe he was just lost, like I was. Maybe he really had no one to look to except his work, which would completely explain his obsession! Maybe…Maybe…Maybe…' Flint thought, trying to conjure up excuses for Chester's actions. Flint just didn't understand why; if anything, he just wants know why Chester betrayed everyone and lied to him. He shook his head and stood up, his eyebrows furrowing. \"You ruined it! You ruined everything! We could have all been an awesome team if you just listened to me and gave up and truly apologized. For a really smart guy, you're pretty STUPID! I would've even given you the machine if you had just asked in the first place before all of this! If that got you to notice me I would have given it straight to you, because I believed in you!\" Flint argued, pointing a finger at the poster before hurling a ball at it from the little garbage can by his feet. He grunted and balled his fists, trying to contain his new frustration. He'd rather have gone his whole life not knowing that his hero was a cheat and a scum bag, living blindly, believing his hero was truly everything that was great in this world. Sam would've thought he was crazy if he said any of this to her. She would have gone into a rage, because Chester nearly destroyed all of Flint's friends, he nearly sentenced thousands of foodimals to their deaths before they where even created, and nearly killed him—no, Chester did kill him in a way. He wasn't sure in what way but he didn't want to delve into finding out; Flint felt a little less full then before this whole Liv Corp. \"incident\" and that's all he knows. He wouldn't tell anybody about this—he couldn't, but this would be the last time, he hoped, that he'd ever truly think about this mess. So with heavy hands, he took down the poster and crumpled it up. His expression was that of a wince and slight jolt, as if someone suddenly ran their nails down a chalkboard as he crumpled it up, and dropped it on the floor. The process was repeated for every poster in his room, and anything of Liv Corp or Chester. Flint guessed this was what needed to happen in order for Flint to truly move back to Swallow Falls. He won't be the same, and neither will Swallow Falls, but that's okay, he assumes. Flint decided to get his show on the road, and really start his life over again. He begins to put random objects from around the house into empty boxes to ease himself into the process. Not really paying attention while he mindlessly put dishware and cutlery into boxes, one of the plastic cups he was packing up missed the box and bounced off, sending it tumbling to the floor and rolling to the other side of the room. Flint rolled his eyes and trudged over to swipe it up. It had been stopped in its tracks by an old, taped up box with faded writing on the side that was almost illegible. Flint narrowed his eyes to try and read it, and came out with the word \"—anny\". Curious because he had never seen this box lying around before, he dragged the box to the foot of his bed to pop it open and comfortably inspect its content. With his personal laser pen he was able to seer off the tape and flip open the box flaps. To Flint's surprise, sitting at the top was a cracked, framed photo of his mother in a yellow polo with a tiny smile. Flint made a double take of the side of the box and realized that the word spelt \"Franny\", his mother's name. Flint nodded slightly noting that the tiny groups of boxes in the corner were packed with his mother's belongings. He wasn't sure where his dad had kept this stuff in their tiny apartment, or why it wasn't in storage to begin with, but it didn't matter. This had sparked his interest and it was something to push away his earlier thoughts. Much of the stuff that he sorted through were books and journals, faded and creased. Flint imagined his mother had had a journal with her everywhere she went, and when she was done with one, would immediately start carrying around another as if by habit. It was very assumable given that his mom was a children's book writer, and a journalist for the Swallow Falls paper. On the inside cover of each journal was a number and a small title for what it was used for. The two dark red ones were for all of her articles that she wrote for the paper, the blue one was a personal journal and there were six brown journals of different shades that contained small stories and cute poems. Aside from those found at the top, there was an old camera, and a thick wooden box at the bottom. Flint left the wooden box for last, and was reading a few passages from the red and brown journals. He stuck the blue journal in his side pocket, not sure whether he wanted to read it or not, and would save the decision for later, then turned his attention to the mysterious wooden box. He wondered what was in it that needed a lock and a small tag on the side that read \"What To Do\". It was obviously not empty, and when he shook it it sounded like there were a few solids slamming the sides of the box. Flint, with his handy laser pen cut the lock away and opened the creaky box slowly. The box wasn't big at all, and only held three journals, along with a lot of loose papers that contained walls of messy text and notes. Flint tried to make sense of the notes, and they seemed to have citations near the paragraphs of texts but he couldn't figure out what books the citations were corresponding to. He moved on and inspected the three newly found journals. There was a green one, another blue one of a lighter color and an orange one. Just like the other journals, the inside covers had numbers and small titles. The only thing odd about the orange, and green journals were that the handwritings being very different from his mother's. As he was sort of skimming the journals, not really comprehending much of it, a folded piece of paper slipped out of the orange one. Flint blinked at it, as it sat in his lap, and set aside everything else to read the slip of paper. ' Franny, It really has been too many years hasn't it? I don't really even know why I'm writing to you. I could have just mailed you the damn journal and done away with all the memories, but I felt the overwhelming need to write to you. Although you might be disgusted with the fact that I still consider you a friend, don't worry, I promise I'm not going to suddenly try and become buddy buddy with any of you again. I only heard that you were starting to write a book about the \"romance between two childhood friends of yours\" and could only assume it concerned…him and I. If it isn't about us, well, not only is it embarrassing, but I would suggest you just burn the thing. It's garbage to me. I just thought perhaps you wanted my point of view in the case it was about us? I really have no objections to it, and only hope you keep the story as accurate as possible, for…his sake. It was hard to let the thing go to be honest. Much of it is very personal but you've got to let things go sometime, right? I'm afraid this journal is the last piece of my old self. I'm moving onto a new age, a better age in fact, but I'm not worried or scared. I'm hoping I've left my past in good hands though. -C.V P.S. Congratulations on the baby. I saw the news in the Swallow Falls paper.' Flint sat in a bit of awe and confusion. His mother was writing a book so packed with drama when he was born? Where was this book? He wanted to read it! He couldn't recall his mother ever publishing a book of this obvious magnitude. He simply had to know what on earth the letter was talking about. Who's C.V? Who's this mysterious lover of their's and why hadn't his mother ever published it? So many questions, but not enough time. In the hall way, he can hear the heavy footsteps of his father and the joyful laugh of Sam along with Steve yelling \"Steve~!\" as they headed towards the apartment to probably fetch Flint. Flint panicked a little as he threw everything back into the wooden box, closing it, and setting it hurriedly aside, as he began to clean up everything else. As the door opened to the apartment, Flint slid the box back to the corner, retaped and used his Shrink-o-meter to shrink the wooden box and slip it into his lab coat along with his mother's other blue journal. He would have to continue investigating at a later date; for now though, he'd have to pretend as if he never knew anything more about his mother than what his father had told him, as well as what he had witnessed as a young kid.[Chapter 2] Hey guys, sorry for a late update! Oh my gosh, its so hard to do this in journal form. *tears* Anyways, a few things to point out; the breaks in text with a (_) line are to note when Flint switches journals to read. Um, be careful of the dates, it jumps back and forth a bit, but don't worry, it's only by a couple of days or so and it's all relevant info-I swear XD Anyways, I would like to thank everybody for being patient with me! 3 Um, maybe I'll post a link if I'm allowed; just to show you what Chad and everybody looks like. I drew them out so /_''' It was late that night. Flint was only able to study the journals for an hour or so at a time every so often in the past three weeks, leaving him with still a lot of gaps to fill, but he now knew the order in which to read the books. Although Sam had planned for them to live and work together at SwallowFalls as soon as possible, their dream, Sparkswood, had barely gone under construction a week ago. For now, Flint and his father lived in the remnants of their old house with some make shift walls to cover up any holes along with their old fireplace to keep them warm. All the help of the foodimals to get SwallowFalls more livable for the new residents had made Flint's load a lot easier to carry. The homes they planned to build were to be eco/food friendly. How he was going to do that was still all shapes and colors to him, but Flint had worried about that enough for this week, it was time to do some personal investigation of his own. With his father fast asleep on the other side of a curtain, Flint was free to look at the notes under the dimmed light of the fireplace. He settled up against his couple of pillow, and snuggled up with the light blue journal in his hand, and the darker blue, green and orange journals in his lap. He had discovered a few days ago that his mother had actually made markers where the story continued from journal to journal. Flint could only guess it was the basic outline for how his mother's story was going to be written (one point of view of an event, then the next and then the author's input etc). He could hear the cawing of cock-a-tails as they nestled in for the story somewhere in the forest, and the quieting of the crackling fire as he cleared his throat and opened up the old, scuffed, blue journal to begin. August 20th, 1977 Finally this year, I've been voted to become the editor of the school paper! I really can't wait to begin! I already have told my parents the wonderful news; I wonder how excited Tim, Chad and Evene will be! They had really been rooting for me all summer and this gives us an excuse to go rattle the pinheads for a little bit over some fizzes and pizza. It's still hot outside so maybe we can celebrate at Tim's house with the pool and grill, like we did for the 4th of July. That was pretty groovy if you ask me but it isn't summer anymore. I shouldn't be planning all of these things like we have all the time in the world. We're in the 12th grade now, and although I know it'll be the waviest year ever, it will still have a lot of hard work packed into it. I can't afford to lose sight of my future as a writer, but even still, with my head screwed on tight, I can't find what I want to base my writings about. I'm going to college next year and I need to find a focus! And for a while now, I've wanted to write a book of some sort, you know, just to practice, but then, I can't motivate myself to do it. None of the ideas that come to mind don't even seem worth putting on paper. Bagh, it gets my frustrated just writing about it. In other news, the first few days of school have been okay. It was nice to see everyone again, and especially to be able to see Tim for little bit each day. Evene had found out on the first day of school that she had been placed as VP to the Science and Engineering Team. She was, of course, infuriated about it since she would have become President if not for a \"special\" transfer student from SanFranJose, who entered last minute. Lord, after that, it took the three of us to cheer Evene up. After school, Chad bought her shaved ice, and Tim tried to use his father's weird fishing metaphors to ease her a bit while I patted her back and supplied her with tissues. In other news though, Chad and Tim were picked to be prime players on the football team for their season. Although none of us were really surprised by it, it's still something to smile about! That's all I have for now, I'll catch up later on this week. Ta-Ta. -Miss Franny August 25th, 1977 I'm glad that by a fluke, Chad and I ended up in science class together. It would have been awesome if Evene got stuck with us to, but she's a period behind us. As for Tim, he isn't taking a science this year because his father made him take a summer course, and therefore doesn't need to take another science unless he wanted to (which he doesn't); he's taking Woodshop instead. Although it's nice to have a friend with you, Chad hates science so he kind of screws around all period which is a bit of a bummer for me because I want to get at least a B in this class, but I don't mind too much. For a tid bit of drama, that \"special transfer student\" I mentioned in my last entry is also in our science class. He's kinda cute, but he seems so much like a stick-in-the-mud. He hardly talks to anyone, and if he does its only in a very monotonic/bored tone. Chad likes to pick on him by flicking tiny rolled up bits of paper at him. I've had to hit him with my notebook just to get him to stop, but he always goes back to doing it. I don't know what's his deal with the guy but whatever. I just hope he stops, I never liked when people screwed with other people. (Added Note: See entry #3 of Green Journal) August 22nd, 1977 Goddamit, I hate this. Because my mom read a stupid article on delinquent kids, she got paranoid of what I do in my spare time, and persuaded my dad into throwing me into therapy. I'm totally fine. I don't have any damn issues, but I sure am angry right now. I don't want to do this and therapy. If any of the guys found out that I do this, I'd be made to look like a freak and a wakko. I can't have that especially when I'm so close to becoming quarter back of the football team. What kind of guy has a stupid journal? I'd be a joke if anyone found out. Well, it's not like people don't already look at me like I'm a joke. Jesus, I probably wouldn't ever admit it out loud but I guess, here's safe right? I have to go on pretending like I'm some big, tough dude, who's got half a brain, and no mercy. I get good grades…and I hate to punk other kids…I'd say I'm a nice guy, but I can't be that guy; I'll be eaten alive like that. Last year the guys and me taped a kid into his locker because he wouldn't give his homework over to our team captain. He doesn't go here anymore apparently, and I don't think I've ever felt as bad as I do when I think about it. I never got in trouble for it either, because no one ever found out who truly did it, but I know. It haunts me, and so does the countless other times that I did what I was told just so I wasn't singled out as a traitor. I needed to fit in. I think about it, and I truly had no other choice. Who was I suppose to run to? To be honest, my father would rather hear about my detentions from fights I get into, then hearing that I was benched for the rest of the season because I couldn't \"play well with the other team members\". The team would gladly butt me out if I even tried to think of disagreeing with them. If you understand what I'm getting at, then you can understand that I do what I do to survive. Because quarter back is still being decided for the season, I really want to impress the team…but, already, I'm being pushed to do something mildly terrible, and annoying. The most recent quarterback, who gets an opinion on who would be fit to become the next quarter back, hates this kid in my science class. I don't know what this guy did to get the quarterback to hate him so much, but he persuaded all the guys on our football team who have classes with this \"geek\" to punk him around in each class. This is obviously Grade A harassment, and it eats me up inside. The guy looks nice enough, I guess, and I don't wanna hurt him, so luckily, I've gotten away with just flicking paper at him. Maybe I can get away with that for the rest of the year; it's a hell of a stretch….but I'm still hoping. I'm going to be made to write again soon, so, until next time, I guess. -Chad H. Continuation of Entry: August 25th, 1977 …But, never mind Chad, let's talk about me. Haha. I've been anxious all week for something exciting to happen, because, I know for a fact there is somewhere to put it! Look, I had always know that there was a \"secret\" issue that is published with the school paper, but I had never taken that issue seriously because believing gossip is like believing everything your classmates said in the third grade about the world. Back to the topic at hand, as editor, I'm in charge of this \"secret issue\", and I'm thoroughly excited to do it. It's basically articles about the latest scandals, drama and rivalries between cliques and etc. It's all fun and games; no one takes it seriously... For me, there's this wonderful sense of danger to it as well! If I get caught as the head of this little operation, the teachers will have my NECK, but no one has gotten caught before and I'm not about to, so I think I'll be a-ok. Of course, we never use names or anything, it's always code words/names/places, but everyone kind of gets the lingo, so it brings in extra excitement for everyone. That, and more people by the school paper so they can get the \"secret issue\"; which leaves us with more money for the newspaper each year and a sweet, little income for the head staff (wink). I'll stop writing for now, but I'll be patiently waiting for things to develop. -Miss Franny August 31st, 2014 Remember that \"excitement and drama\" I asked for? Well, I sure wish I didn't. Here's what happened, I was talking all class period with Chad today, because we had a substitute today because our science teacher had gotten food poisoning. Poor guy. Anyway, the conversation kept Chad from flicking paper at Chester for half the period (ugh, finally found out that kid's name!). We talked about all sorts of stuff, and to be honest, I was trying to grind my brain to motivate myself somehow. Usually, when we're all together as a group of four, we talk a lot and it usually inspires one of us to go do something different or new. It's mainly Evene who gets all these bubbles of inspiration and creates something great. I don't know why my brain is so darn stubborn about wanting to get up and start its engine. Maybe I could write something about having a writer's block? Haha, that'd be a good one, but no. It doesn't seem too good of an idea. I went off topic-Sorry. Anyways, I was thinking about those things in class as well and of course, in my deepest turning of thought, something happens. Chester, the bully magnet that I noticed he is, was being passed notes from down the aisles of lab tables. The sender was actually a rather slender, tall blonde, with neat hair, combed to the left and kept frozen with hairspray. Chad had been staring between the two for the longest time out of the corner of his eye. I had nudged him and he jumped a little. I'll write out the dialog; make it like a soap opera for my own amusement. It's the only thing that will make me feel a little less disappointed, annoyed, and angered about the situation. \"What's going on?\" I asked quietly, peering from behind Chad's thick arm. \"I-I dunno. Something weird.\" He replied, \"But-uh, I don't care. Why would I care? I don't.\" \"Woah there, Captain Defensive, I never even asked that!\" I laughed a bit forcibly. \"….Mmm….\" He replied as he turned away from the scene slightly. As he turned away, I had watched Chester open up another note he received. After what seemed like a quick read, he immediately slammed down the note. He seemed to be trembling. He turned slightly towards our table; we made eye contact. I remember blinking furiously and then automatically ducking my head back behind Chad's mass. I shook my head; I didn't want him to know that I had been nosey. It all happened so fast. All I heard next was the scooting of a lab chair, and then the almost inaudible fast-paced steps of sneakers under the cloud of chattering from the rest of the classroom. Chad peered up, \"What the-?\" SMACK. \"Oh my god, Chad!\" I blurted out, and then- \"Why, you piece of shit!\" BAM. Then… Silence. Everyone in the classroom was absolutely still. I had involuntarily shut my eyes and covered my face with my hands as if to protect myself from the danger that wasn't even remotely related to me. When I opened my eyes and looked around, everyone was wide eyed, jaws dropped and frozen in shock. Chad was standing, his chair had fallen over from his sudden movements, and Chester was on the floor with a red welt on his left cheek. He curled in on himself like a dying worm, holding his face. The substitute had rushed over to separate, what he deemed was a fight, and then demanded an explanation. \"I have no idea what's going on. This guy just comes up and smacks me in the face!\" Chad yammered, pointing accusingly at Chester. Chester tried very weakly to sit up, \"…That's not true. He started it first.\" At this, both Chad and I were dumbfounded. Chad hadn't started any fight and yet here we were. No one had seen what even happened, so both their words weren't taken as the truth. Then just like that, they were both dragged to the principle's office. Chad had told me not to say anything, because he didn't want my editorial job to be in jeopardy before the year even really begun by putting my name on this mess. I was furious to be honest, but then I remembered that maybe Chester was trying to defend himself against Chad's bullying, but that didn't make any sense. I mean, you always use communication first, right? Either that, or Chester's plain stupid, which is obviously, isn't. It had to do something with the notes Chester was getting, I thought to myself. So, with that in mind, I waited till the shocked, and flabbergasted student had left the room with the gossip between their teeth to make a very quick investigation of the scene. Most of the evidence (meaning notes) was stuffed into Chester's pocket before he left, but the last two note had fallen to the floor under his lab desk in all the commotion. I've taped them in as evidence, below: go over and cause a fight with chad hound at table h. do it or youll be tied to the basketball basket again after we pummel you this is what you get faggot for disrespecting Howie yesterday This is the most disgusting thing I've ever read. It makes me angry to no end! I hadn't been able to talk to Chad all day after that. I tried calling his house but no one answered. It'll have to wait till tomorrow, but, I called Tim to tell him about it. He said he'd get to the bottom of this and he'll try to get to Chad before I did, if it was possible. This is not the \"excitement\" I wanted at all. Now I can only lay on my bed wondering what all those other horrible notes contained. I will fix this somehow. It's my duty now- Just then finishing that last bit of the journal entry, Flint fell asleep, book in hand and dreaming. ","Summary":" Note: Hey guyyysss, okay so, the 1st chapter is either always the longest or the shortest, but bare"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Just got to grin and bear it","Author":"loststolenandfound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4909903","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So this a onenshot, exploring the thoughts that are running through Jake's headnwhen they are all in the library and Brian has fixed the radio andndiscovered that the storms are worsening. I own nothing innconnection to a Day after Tomorrow apart from the film and I amnincredibly sad about this. uf04c \"Man this storm isneverywhere. It's hit the entire Northern Hemisphere. Europe isnburied under 15 feet of snow… and they say it's going to get justnas bad here. I mean, I don't think your dad's going to make it.\"nBrian didn't want to believe it but now that he'd said the wordsnout loud part of him figured that they, all the people in thenlibrary, were doomed because there was no way that one man couldnbattle through the storm, ice and snow just to rescue them, even ifnthat man was Jack Hall. \"No he'll make it.nHe'll make it.\" Sam thought back to that day when his dad becamenso much more than just his dad but also a hero and the one man in thenwhole entire world who he could rely on. Just what made Sam sonsure that his father would show up in time to rescue them from thenstorm? Sam was 7 years old.nHe and his mother and father had gone to Canada because Sam wanted tonsee the bears in the wild not cooped in such unnatural habitat likenthe zoos in America. \" Alright Sam,nwe've seen the bears now. Come on we gotta go before sun down. Wenhave to get to the hostel we've got an early start tomorrow and Ingotta get some kip before the drive.\" Jack was tired. They'd seennthe bears. A family of three had walked right past their car. It'dnbeen scary. They were in a long line of traffic which had built upnbecause everybody was stopping their cars in order to catch a glimpsenof the bears that were roaming from the forest and crossing the road.nAs far as Jack was concerned they'd done what Sam had wanted and sonnow they could return to the hostel, get a good night's rest andnthen head out first thing in the morning so that he'd couldncontinue with his research. \" Awww but can'tnwe just wait a little bit longer dad? I just wanna see 'em one morentime?!\" Sam pleaded with his dad. He needed another fix of bearnsightseeing!! \" No Sam. They'vengone now and it could be hours till another one comes along. Come onnwe gotta move.\" Jack needed to continue his research and everynminute he spent arguing with Sam was another minute of valuablenresearch time wasted! \" That's notnfair. You never let me do anything. You always pick what you wannando. I hate you!\" Sam shouted as his father. Passengers in otherncars turned to look at them not understanding what had happened. \" Sam, honey, do asnyour father asks please. And none of that cheek either young man.nWe're here to see the bears, yes but also for your dad's work. Soncome on, we've done what you wanted to do be fair and do what yournfather wants to do, okay? Who knows… we may even see a bear on thendrive back to the hostel, but no promises okay?\" Lucy tried tonreason with her son, she hated the fact that Jack and Sam, the twonpeople she loved more than life itself only seemed to get along andnlove each other because they were obliged to as family. It hurt hernto see them arguing so much. So with that Samngrudgingly climbed into the back seat of the car. Ignoring everyncomment his parents made the whole way back to the hostel. After they arrivednand got out the car they all headed to their rooms. Jack and Lucynwere obviously sharing and Sam had his own little room just nextndoor. \" So shall we justnmeet you when it's time for tea then Sam? That way you can go donyour own thing. Just remember to take your mobile. Okay? Don't gontoo far though!\" Lucy knew that her son wanted to be alone and notncooped up with his parents. So Sam took hisnphone and headed out after wrapping his neck in a big wooly scarf. Itnwas snowing outside and he trudged through it towards the woods justnnext to the hostel. His parents hadn't let him go in them earliernbecause they didn't know what they'd find there, for all theynknew there were bears and his mum and dad were scared of them. Samnwasn't though. Sam loved the bears and they were the only reasonnwhy he went to the zoo back home so to see them in their real homesnwould be amazing. With that thought nestled at the front of Sam'snmind he headed into the woods. About half an hournin Sam heard a noise. Then another. And another. Until the noisesnjust didn't stop. But Sam did. His heart was beating so fast in hisnchest. Thump thump thump thump thump thump thump Then Sam saw them,ntwo bears, headed right for where he was crouched. Sam may have beenn7 but he did have some common sense. He was aware that the slightestnsound or movement would give him away. So he prayed and prayed overnand over in his head that the bears could just walk past him andnhopefully they wouldn't notice the little boy crouched behind thentree. All was going asnwell as could be expected until it all happened at once… RING RING RING RING Sam's phone. The bears lookednright at him, growled and started to move forwards, closer and closerntowards Sam. RING RING The goddamn phonenwas still ringing. So Sam pulled itnslowly out of his pocket. He knew the bears were aware that he wasnthere but he didn't want to draw any more attention to himself evennthough it would make very little difference if Sam started dancingnright in front of the bears. \" H-h-hello?\" Samnanswered wanting to find comfort in the voice of the person on thenother end. \" Sam where thenhell are you? We're meant to be having tea! Please tell me younhaven't wandered off. We spoke to –\" Jack was interrupted bynone of the bears growling. \" Sam, please tellnme that isn't a bear that I just heard? Sam? SAM?\" Jack wasnworried, incredibly worried, he needed Sam to answer him. \" Sam, please son,nit's gonna be okay, just tell me where you are and I'll come getnyou. Sam?\" \" Dad I'm in thenwoods. Dad there's two bears. They can see me. What do I do pleasenDad help me. I'm scared dad.\" Sam was starting to panic. \" I'm coming Sam,nyou hear me, I'm gonna come get you. You'll be alright just staynon the line and talk to me Sam. Okay, erm, tell me what else you'venseen? How far did you walk and which way?\" Jack needed Sam to stayncalm so that he could roughly find which way Sam had walked. Thensooner he found that out the sooner Sam would be okay. At this pointnJack was already sprinting through the trees. \" Dad, I walked fornmaybes 30 minutes. Kinda to the right but I dunno. Dad there watchingnme!\" Sam whispered now. He was terrified. \" Okay Sam listennI'm on my way. I will find you okay I promise! You hear that Sam Inpromise that I will find you. Everything's going to be okay now.\"nJack sprinted. He knew his legs were a lot longer than Sam's so itnshould only take him 5 minutes or so to find his son becausenobviously he was running a lot faster than Sam's dawdling walkingnpace. But the question was would 5 minutes be long enough? \"Sam? Saaaaaaaaam?nSamuel? Oi Sam!\" JD flicked Sam's head. After telling the storynSam's voice had faded and he'd obviously drifted off somewhere inndeep thought. \"What happened thennSam?\" Laura was intrigued with this story, the one story she'dnheard Sam tell about himself as a young child, at least she knew thatnhe'd always been the way he had. Sam came back to earthnwith a jolt after being flicked lightly on the head. \"Well I waited, andnwaited and waited. But eventually my dad shows up. He's got threenother guys with him who stay back not sure what to do. But not myndad, no my dad walks right up to me, oblivious to the bears and grabsnmy should asking me,\" \" Sam are you okay?nI'm here now, just like a promised, these guys are gonna shoot thenbears, just tranqs though. Okay?\" Jack was so relieved to havenfound his son. \"And so then theyntook down the bears and my dad looked at me and said, \"I willnalways keep my promises Sam and I promise that the next time you seena bear this closely it will be in a zoo, you hear me?\" Jack vowednto always protect his son and he knew that nothing would stop himnfrom saving him if the time came. \"Wow, looks like yourndad will save us all after all!\" Brian said once Sam had finishednreminiscing. With that the survivorsnall huddled together to keep warm in front of the fire in the librarynwith Luther's dog sitting at their feet. They were all cold, tirednand hungry but their minds had been put at ease because they knewnthat nothing would stop Dr Jack Hall form rescuing his son andnfriends! Okay I sure hopensomebody enjoys this story. I'm kind of overly obsessed with JakenGyllenhaal and Day after Tomorrow at the moment. I have two othernstories on the go but I decided that I was going to write a one shotnjust so that I can have completed a story, which will hopefully spurnme into action with completing my others. Thank you fornreading and please if you have a spare minute please review! I'd benso grateful to know what you think! ","Summary":" So this a onenshot, exploring the thoughts that are running through Jake's headnwhen they are all i"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"CLIMATE CHANGE","Author":"gotham knight jon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9791866","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CLIMATE CHANGE Al Gore was sitting in his office. And he was looking at the information about the bushfires! Which were burning and hurting the forest. \"Damn the bushfires are causing damage and release the carbon in the air!\" said Al Gore and he hit his hand on the table. Then Tony Abbot was on the television and talking to the cameras. And there were the people listening and making the reports. \"The fires are not exist because climate isn't real!\" said Tony! And he was the laugh. \"Damn you tony I will make you see!\" said Al Gore! IN THE GOREQUARTERS… \"Here Al this will drop New Zealand into the ocean and make the water put out fires\" said the doctor. And he had the device which make volcanoes go. Because New Zealand has the volcanoes and is an island. \"Lets make this work then!\" said Al Gore and he got to the GOreplane to go to New Zealand! But he was in plane the and then he think. \"Wait but there's lots of people and birds in new Zealand. This is not going to work.\" And al Gore did not know what to do. Then the television! Come on. \"This just in Tony Abbot has said that they are letting the fires because Gina Rinehart is making new mining where fires are.\" And Al Gore made a plan! IN CAMBERRA… Tony Abbot was swimming in money in red speedos and laughing. And Gina Rinehart had clive Palmer feeding her grape but then he put a hand on her and he was sucked in! Because she at through skin. \"Tony I need more money!\" and she was eating the coins. Then there was a rumble form over! And it was a plane. \"What is this it's a plane that's hover!\" said Tony! and his niplles start to bleed oil \"This is not the plane, it is the GORE PLANE\" and Al Gore dropped the volcano thing onto Canberra! And it fell onto Gina Rinehart and her fat absorbed the device like it quicksand. AND THEN IT WENT AND EXPLODED! FOUR MONTHS LATER… \"Thanks to Al Gore we have no more Tony Abbot and now Mount Gina!\" and there was a mountain in Australia that made of Gina Rineharts face but was hard to climb because it kept ateing people. -THE END- ","Summary":" CLIMATE CHANGE Al Gore was sitting in his office. And he was looking at the information about the b"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"What's the point, anyway?","Author":"Prolixius5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9047684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What's the point, anyway? No names. No places. In this kind of event, we're all humans trying to make it through tough times. What would you have done? Is there a point? I think there is. NO, I'm sure there is... always. He knows that this jump could cost his live, he knows that the shelf is breaking off, he knows that in a few seconds he can sacrifice whatever hopes he holds deep inside his heart. He jumps anyway. There and back again. He fights. He holds on to the cliff, thanks to his fetish ice axe, miraculously. All he has to do to end up the list of recent failures in his life is to let go, not to look at his friends up there and let his hand slide from the axe. Fall into the abyss and be in peace. But he won't. What's the point of challenging this ravine twice if not to tell \"I will make it\" to the face of the Earth? The guy in front of him won't listen. The planet is in grave danger, but the guy with glasses tries to mock him. Millions could be saved in they all act swiftly. But he faces a block of ice, thicker than the Larsen B ice shelf. What's the point of trying to educate him? He'll go alone, he will make a difference, even for a tiny handful of them. He'll head for a sensational claim of survival. Extra hours, as usual. Same drink to forget the dull routine of his life. Same phone call to tell him he's late, as usual. Today, everything could have changed. Today, he could have gone home immediately after work. Today, the skies are crying blocks of ice, killing so many around him. He could have stayed against that wall. The whole city is bombarded by an unexpected enemy. He'll run to the others, hidden under that truck. He shouldn't have cheated. But what's the point of dying alone? He hasn't taken care of them in weeks. They're dying. Not enough water. The paper he is reading tells him the connection with his son is dying as well. Too much bother. He sprays moisture on what can be saved. He drives too fast to arrive on time and try to save whatever can be salvaged. Now what's the point of trying to talk his son as he's already stepped out of the car and don't hear anymore? The whole world seems to be collapsing all around. He sends young ones to safety. He talks to his friend on the phone one last time, heads for his beloved Porsche and start the ignition. And stares, in disbelief. Death is on her way. The other one watches in horror. He thinks he's safe. Perhaps. Perhaps not. The noise is turning into an apocalyptic rumble. What's the point of running inside the building. He faces what's gonna come. He stares, disbelievingly too. Death is on her way. They all try to find reasons, propose explanations, develop theories. He wants to tell them they are all wrong. His not-yet-proven theory must be the right one. He's so convinced. It's gotta be it. All he could see around him are non-believers. They're all so skeptical. What's the point of trying to make them understand, they won't concur, except perhaps that Asian-type young woman. She looks at the latest report. She heads for his room. She looks at him. Where is justice when something like this happens to the innocent? What's the point of trying to cure him? Because HE is the one fighting for it... while extending the book he wants her to read for him. This time, he thinks he's gonna make a point and gain the other guy's endorsement. But once more, he hits the wall. What's the point of insisting? His loved ones are now all he thinks of and no one will be able to talk him out of his plan. The first pilot just went down. He now sees the second one about to crash. He tries hard to maintain course, to keep his nose up, to control the machine, but there is no way to get the circuits up and running again. He thinks of his wife and their missed goodbye kiss a couple of day ago? She didn't want him to go. But he made that choice. What's the point of regretting it now? He'll probably die a hero. For her. He always wanted to buy his son a new stereo. But money always came short at the end of the month. And now this guy is giving him a substantial amount, just to open his vehicle door, outside of regular service. He shouldn't accept it. He shouldn't let go and get tempted. He should...But what's the point? There is such a turmoil all around that no one will ever know. And his son will be so happy when he sees him tonight. That's when he looks into the rear-view mirror and sees the big wave... He heads for safety, so sure that she's following. But she's not next to him. He sees her far behind.. and the wave is about to hit. There are few options: either he runs for her or he looks for his own safety. What's the point? It doesn't matter if he survives all this if she's not part of his life. So he runs and prays to reach her on time. He has been staring at his grandson drawing for hours, thinking of all the drawings he won't be able to see. His new friend across the Atlantic says the inevitable is about to happen. The telephone conversation has been ended prematurely. What's the point of hoping any rescue for them? Time has come and gone. Save as many as you can, at least for my little David. She has been taking care, watching, nursing for so long that she finds absolutely unacceptable that no one is there to take care of the little boy? What's the point of dedicating her life to cure people if the means are taken away from your willing hands? She's staying anyway and she will take care until the end. The one and lonely little creature sleeping in the room next door. Perhaps he should have listened to the young one and stayed at the library with the others. Two old people are sleeping in the snow. He tries to wake them up but soon gets the sad confirmation that they died in their sleep. What if he hadn't been so stubborn? What's the point of being a policeman and not listen to common sense just this once. Now that they are outside and walking, going back doesn't seem like such a good idea, so he walks and guides the others to... what? Salvation? Who knows? Right now, his heart is heavy with regrets, sorrow and pain, of leaving his friends. He has gone through a lot with them and what he's about to do feels like some sort of betrayal and sacrifice at the same time. He knows they are gonna do all they can to try and save him. He knows that they can't hold for long. He knows he must do this. What's the point of waiting for some rescue that's never gonna happen. Because ...he's the one expendable right this second, the moment he cuts the bond, the moment he saves his friends lives. What's the point of saving one single book? He claims it represents the dawn of the age of reason. The young lady in front of him is smiling at that. Is he doing the right thing? Is he gonna be saved himself, so he can save that book? She seems to understand. If not the book, perhaps he will have contributed to save her. He's watching over her. She is extremely pale. He is worried sick. They talked. They kissed. But now she's unconscious and nothing can wake her up. Not even that last kiss he gives her before heading to that big ship where he could find the drugs she needs. Not even that special declaration no one has heard, as the others were gathered close to the fire. She may die from blood poisoning. However, his heart tells otherwise. What's the point of facing the storm outside if he didn't believe deep in his soul that she will make it? Now they know what the point is. Survival. In just a few seconds, it'll be too late. Both are running for life. With only one thought in mind: to head back to the ones they love. To cope with the cold, the white emptiness, the end of the world as they know it. The young woman may not have one more hour. The young man may not have one more day. In perfect synchronicity, both men run and win. They both hear the creeping sound of ice death going down on everything. But today is not a good day to die. There is nothing but a white vastness of nothing where there used to be one of the largest city on Earth. He stops and watches, in search of the place where he should have found his son. Snow has engulfed the whole place. How could one have survived under this white tsunami? How much time will he have to dig to find the b... NO! No bodies. He runs, what' the point of having traveled through hell and being so close to quit now. He WILL find him, alive. \"I made my son a promise.\" So many promises. So many lies. So many missed opportunities. But not today. The day after tomorrow, we'll go back to my wife and we'll be a new family. \"You made it. \"Course I did.\" All is said, and forgiven. In the end, we fought for life, we made our point. Tomorrow is ours. THE END It's been so long since I posted something. Please let me know what you think of this one, it'd be my precious reward. Thanks a million :-)) ","Summary":" What's the point, anyway? No names. No places. In this kind of event, we're all humans trying to ma"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"One survival","Author":"Dragonflyy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4379132","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am not a foolish man. Nor am I compleatly religious. I have only prayed in times of peril. I prayed when my son was born. The delivery was complicated at first, then became simple as I muttered to the lord. Five hours later, I held a blonde cherub in my arms, he no bigger than a loaf of bread. My wife, however, wasn't so lucky. She died giving life to my child, and I couldn't help but feel slightly guilty. Here I was wanting a son, and she died giving him to me. I vowed to never pray again. Ten years later, I sit in front of his school watching all the other children rush to their mothers. I see my son, solitude, and it breaks my heart. He sees me, and runs toward the vehicle. I hold out my arms, and he flies into them. I sigh, contented. This is where my son belongs. \"Dad, why are they letting school out early? It's not a holiday\" He asks. \"Because, Jeremy, there is a bad storm coming and the teachers want you safe.\" I reply with a smile. His tiny mouth forms an \"O\" as he yanks open the passenger door. My smile dissapears as I close his door. I only want him safe, but news says otherwise. I flick on the radio, hoping for some music. Instead, I recieve a forboding news station. \"Scientists, are astounded at the dramatic climate change around the world. Dignitaries aroundthe globe are advising families to stay inside\" I quickly turned it off. \"Sir?\" I slowly look up, shifting the blanket. The woman hands me a cup of soup and another blanket. I stare at the infirmary tent. \"How's he doing doctor?\" I ask, my voice heavy with tears. \"He's recovering just fine. You did a very good thing by keeping him as warm as you could\" \"I knew he wasn't dead yet.\" I whispered, and took a swig. Chicken. The woman smiled. \"It made our job a lot easier\" She said, and touched my shoulder gently. I had done my duty as a father. My son would live. I glared out the window at the sideways snow, and couldn't help but feel a cold chill up my spine. Only one thought resonated through my head. Something is wrong. I turn back to my son. \"Jeremy, go and get every blanket, sheet, towel and pillowcase you can find.\" I say, keeping the panic from my voice. My son looks up from the news, which is the only thing brodcasting. \"Why dad? Is the storm gonna get bad?\" He asked. I nodded mutely, and off he went. I sighed, and started rummaging around my appartment for things to burn. I found some lighter fluid, a whole set of encyclopedia's and an old copy of Black Beauty. I shook my head, and put theese items in the bathroom. I figured that because the window was so small, and the room was tiny, we'd have no trouble surviving. I marched back into the living room, and grabbed a chair, smashing it. I took the back into the bathroom, then searched my home for nails and a hammer. Lucky me, I just recently renovated my sons room. I shoved toilet paper and other such fabrics between the window and the solid wood, and started hammering. I turned to see my son behind me, eyes curious. \"Dad, is this the end of the world?\" He asked. My throat closed. I cleared it. \"Mabye Jeremy. Mabye. Let's go have supper\" The worst thing for a parent to ever go through is a near death experiance for their child. My son would live, and that was good enough for me. He looks so tiny on the hospital bed, blankets just piled on top of him to keep him from slipping back into fever. It broke last night, his fever. The doctor said that he could wake any moment. I sure hope so. \"Dad?\" My heart leaps into my mouth and I roughly swallow it back down. I stroke Jeremy's hair gently. That night could have been the last time I- never mind now. He's awake. \"Hey Kiddo. How are you feeling?\" Despite the fact that he was laying down, he shrugged. \"Fine I guess. A bit cold still.\" I raise my hand for a nurse, and one rushes over. \"Some soup for him please?\" I ask him. He nods, and toddles off. My sudden silence clearly makes Jeremy uncomfortable. \"Dad? You okay?\" He asks, looking at me askance. I study his sunken in eyes, and the dark circles around them. His too pale face finally matches his pale hair. Green shadows stare up at me. I sigh. \"Yeah. I'm alright kid. I'm just glad you're safe\" \"Were you scared I was going to leave you like mom did?\" Damn kids are perceptive. I pause, then decide to just tell him the truth. \"I was terrirfied out of my mind.\" I said. His tiny hand closed around my own. Warmer than yesterday. \"Just so you know, I'm not going anywhere.\" He said, determined. I smile. \"That's good to hear son\" So very good to hear. \"Come on Jeremy, sit up son. Here.\" I hand him a can of soup I just heated up over our bathtub fire. My son sits up slowly. I knew I lit the fire to soon, there was hardly any wood left. Jeremy clasped the bowl in his shaking hands, and took a sip. He licked his lips and downed the whole thing. He put the bowl aside, and nestled back into his pile of warm blankets and towels. I sighed. Closing my eyes for a second couldn't hurt... could it? Boy was I wrong. I woke up to Jeremy crying in his sleep. He kept calling for me. The fire had gone out. \"Damn\" I cursed, then reached my foot over to nudge my son awake. \"Hey, Jeremy, come sleep over here\" He opened his eyes and moved a little. He was wearing all his winter clothes, and was still shaking. He crawled over to my open arms, and nestled in my own warm blankets. I shivered at the blast of cold air opening my blankets brought. Then came a conversation I hope to never have with my son again. \"Dad\" \"Yeah kid\" \"I'm so cold\" \"Me too\" \"Are we going to see mom soon?\"He asked, being perceptive again. I teared up. \"As much as I miss her, I sure hope not.\" I croaked. \"Why?\" he asked. I swallowed heavily. \"Because that would mean we wouldn't be together anymore\" \"Yes we would. We just wouldn't be alive.\" I sighed, and shifted to a warmer position, gathering both mine and Jeremy's blankets together. \"I don't think it's time for you to meet your mother just yet.\" I say. \"I think you're right\" \"Warm enough\" \"Yeah, thanks\" \"Sleep well kid\" Cause you may never wake up. Those are the words I don't say. \"Jeremy\" \"Yeah\" \"Did you know that your mother dreamt about you for months and months before you were born\" \"No\" \"She kept discribing you to me, telling me how you would look, how you would act, and how you would grow up\" \"Was she right\" \"Yeah, she was. When you came out, they put you in her arms first. And you stopped crying immediatly. She looked at you and smiled andyou just stared at her. It was as if the room had fallen away and it was just you and her. Then she looked up at me and said, \"Jeremy, meet your daddy. We've been waiting for you for a long time.\" I had to distract the kid somehow, it was getting so cold. \"Then what happened?\" His teeth were still chattering. \"The machine she was attached to started beeping, and they shoved you in my arms, and pushed us from the room\" \"She died\" \"No, not yet. We were let back in later, and she smiled at both of us and started crying. She said, \"Michael, I didn't see this part coming, but I'm going away for a while.\" I put you back in her arms, and she stroked your fine hair and said, \"Oh Jeremy, I'm so sorry, mommy has to go. I love you. I hope you turn out the way I dreamt.\"\" I wiped the tears from my face. \"Then what\" \"She died that night\" \"Dad\" \"Yeah kid\" \"Thanks for taking care of me. I love you\" \"I love you to son\" I said and kissed the top of his head. \"Now try to sleep\" \"I will.\" I open my eyes quickly. Something is very wrong. \"Jeremy?\" No answer, his tiny body has stopped shaking in my arms. I rub his back a bit. \"Oh shit\" I groan. And begin rubbing his body to warm it up. As I do this, I keep calling his name, praying he'll come back to me. \"No, no, no, come on kid, get up! Jeremy, please!\" I yell, and for the second time in my life, I start to cry. Heavy sobbing. The first time I did thatwas when Anne died. I had hoped to never do it again, but I couldn't stop it. I couldn't loose my son. I kept rubbing his arms, his legs, his chest, hoping and praying with every bone in my body that he'll be alright. He'll wake up. God please let my son wake up. I need to see his green eyes open, please Lord. And something comes over me. Suddenly, I can control my sobs. I decide he's not dead, not yet. \"Jeremy, come on kid, Dad's calling, time to wake up.\" desperate, I start praying to Anne. \"Honey, if he's up there with you, please send him back. I still need him. I know you've been waiting, but I need my son, please Anne.\" For hours, my son did not move. For hours, I tried to keep him warm. For hours, I did not realize the storm had stopped. And then I heard them. Calling. Vaguely, I answered. Then lights, and voices. My son was wrenched from my arms, and I kept saying, \"Ambulance, please, he's not dead yet. Not dead yet.\" \"Dad?\" His soft voice is all that wakes me. I sit up with a deep breath. \"Yes Jeremy\" \"Did the world end?\" He asked. I thought about the conversation I had with an authority. \"No son, it just healed its self\" \"What do you mean\" \"Well, humans weren't so careful with what the earth was giving them, and they weren't careful with our oxygen. They poisioned it, and the storm helped earth heal its self\" \"Oh.\" I don't think he understood just yet. He would eventually. He would understand how lucky we had been. To have survived the biggest storm in known history. Thank you God. ","Summary":" I am not a foolish man. Nor am I compleatly religious. I have only prayed in times of peril. I pray"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"La vague","Author":"Katia Nusakan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12476697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] J'ai toujours adoré le cinéma. Je lisais beaucoup aussi, mais à l'écran, parfois plus que le scénario j'aimais le jeu des acteurs, les costumes, les décors, les effets spéciaux... Je voulais devenir producteur. Évidemment. Toi, tu rêvais de devenir actrice. Nous nous sommes rencontrés lors d'un projet scolaire. Au moins ces rêves auront eu ça de bon: nous permettre de nous connaitre, même si ce n'était pas assez longtemps pour moi. Aurais-je jugé un jour que nous avions fait notre temps? J'espère que non. Je t'aime, même si je ne te l'ai jamais dit. Ces derniers temps, la météo s'est déréglée. Qui s'en est préoccupé? Pas moi. Pas toi non plus. Ça arrive tout le temps, le mauvais temps, et puis le soleil revient... Nous sommes pris dans des embouteillages. Au milieu des klaxons j'entends un grondement. Tu me lance un regard effrayé. J'attrape nos sacs et nous sortons de la voiture. Par réflexe je verrouille la portière, au cas où... L'eau nous arrive presque à la taille. Nous courons parmi les gens qui cherchent un refuge, et puis je me rends compte que le grondement s'est intensifié. Je me retourne et je la vois. La vague. Si nous étions devant l'écran je la trouverais magnifique, cette vague qui roule à travers Manhattan en avalant les immeubles. Si nous étions dans le film, j'agirais sans doute en héros et je nous sauverais. Mais je ne suis pas un héros. Je t'aime. Je ne sais pas si je le dis ou si je ne fais que le penser très fort. J'ai peur, et toi aussi, mais tu as confiance en moi, et il faut au moins que j'essaie. J'attrape ta main et je cours. Tandis que nous nous frayons un chemin, je cherche des yeux une entrée, un refuge, n'importe quoi. Mais cette vague, là, derrière nous, est bien réelle, et il n'y a rien pour nous sauver. Je me doute déjà que nous sommes perdus. ","Summary":" J'ai toujours adoré le cinéma. Je lisais beaucoup aussi, mais à l'écran, parfois plus que le scénar"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"From Paradise to Wasteland","Author":"maurice.horras","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12580285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prolog It was summer we were in Ibiza for one week.It had been a great holiday and we had many new expiriences and got to know many new people.At the moment we were packing our bags and collected our clothes which were all spread around the room .My name is Alex I am fourteen and got brown hair,sometimes I am a bit shy but often I try to don't recognize that. I am here with my sister Helena,she got blond hair and is 16.She often looks at her mobile because she always wants to be in contact with her friends.My mum has also blond hair like Helena she works as psychotherapist and often is a bit nervous. I think it has something to do with her work,oh and her real name is Beatrice.And last but not least there is my dad he has black hair and a big nose.He works as a geograph and always tries to get us interested in his work.His real name is Arthur and he really loves his work. We live in Karlsruhr it's near Stuttgart .There we have a one familyhouse near the forest.My sister was just finishing with packing her back and said to me :\"Oh,you haven't finished already.And it always sais that girls got much more lugage than boys.\"To that I counted:\"But you had began yesterday already.\"She wasn't intrested in my opinion and went towards me and pulled my head down.At this moment I was thinking:\"What a Love of ziplings\".Our argumentation was stopped by my dad which has finished packing in the other room and now wants to look the news on the tv. He said:\" Could you kids not just be quiet one time . I want to watch the news\".We were going quiet into the room where my dad was turning on the tv. The voice of the news speaker was to hear.He was saying :\"Good evening madames and gentelmens.It's in one minute 8 pm and my name is Thorsten Steinbacher.The euro crises has riched an new dimension,millions of people with out work were going on the streets to protest against the banking comunity .But they have another problem ressurces like oil and petrol aren't anymore available than two years before.Oil fields in texas don't bring enough petrol and the goverment of texas have a big work place ingriedints.We hope it's not as bad as it looks right now.Because this could be the reason for the beginning of the third world war.My dad was ","Summary":" Prolog It was summer we were in Ibiza for one week.It had been a great holiday and we had many new "},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Now Or Never","Author":"youaddthecolour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8919950","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Ok so this is my first DAT fic! I really want this fandom to grow :( especially the Sam and Laura ship :( anyways, hope you enjoy, and please review! Summary: Laura has blood poisoning. Sam is risking his life to save hers. But before that, he has something to say to the love of his life… \"Right, we ready to go?\" J.D. said, fixing his DIY snowshoes onto his feet. The Three Muskateers were heading out into the winter wonderland (more like snowy hell, but ah well) to find penicillin to cure the blood poisoning which was currently racing through the veins of the smart and beautiful Laura Chapman. Brian Parks nodded and joined J.D.'s side. Noticing that his best friend hadn't responded, Brian turned around. Sam Hall was sitting beside the sofa that Laura was currently occupying, stroking her cheek and muttering incomprehensible words under his breath. Brian sighed; he'd known for far too long that Sam was in love with Laura. Likewise, he'd known for far too long that Laura was in love with Sam. Idiots, Brian thought to himself, smiling slightly, but then he remembered. They had a job to do. Slowly, Brian approached Sam and set a hand on his shoulder. \"Sam, we have to go. She could get worse.\" \"Yea I know,\" Sam replied. \"Just…give me a minute.\" Brian nodded. He understood more than anyone the care that existed between the two. \"We'll be outside.\" He made his way back to J.D. and the door, and as he reached the exit he turned to the other trapped survivors, most of whom were looking adoringly at the young couple. Except, of course, for Luther, who was talking to his beloved dog. He cleared his throat, and once he saw all eyes on him, he gave them a look that they only understood too well as a back-off-and-let-the-lovestruck-teen-have-his-moment-or-I-swear-to-God-you'll-be-on-my-hitlist-when-we-get-out-of-here , before leaving. Hurriedly, Elsa piped up. \"I'm going to go and get more books.\" She paused and looked at her feet. \"It's getting em…colder.\" She hurried out towards the door after giving a look to Judith, who coughed and nodded in agreement, before following her along with remainder of the refugees. Luther trailed behind last, his dog whining slightly as he left the cosy confinement of the room into the freezing ice age. Elsa placed her hands on the door handles and pulled them together, leaving Sam and Laura alone and together. For a while there was silence, as Sam continued to stroke her marble white cheek with the back of his hand. It was only when the first of Sam's tears began to fall that he remembered that he had a job to do. He didn't have enough time. \"Laura,\" he began, his voice shaking, but not from the cold. He took an agonising breath in. \"I hope you can hear me, in your dreams at least.\" Sam smiled to himself. \"I hope you're dreaming about a future that exists. Where you have the job you've always worked for, always dreamed of … always deserved. Where you have a beautiful house and your children are running around you. Where your husband loves you and protects you for the rest of your life.\" Where your husband's me, he thought to himself. He breathed in. \"Laura I … I have to tell you something. And I don't know how you'll take it, because even though we …\" He began to get nervous. \"… we kissed and … it was beyond perfect … beyond anything I've ever dreamed of…\" He sighed and closed his eyes. \"I just never dreamed that I would have that chance with you.\" He moved from stroking his hand to twirling a piece of her perfect hair in his hands. \"You see the thing is … I never had any proper friends until I met you and Brian … or a proper family come to that,\" he added. \"But even before we started talking I thought you were beautiful, and not just on the outside. You're a beautiful person. Like the way you helped the French family the other day … I mean that just proves it. You risked your life to save a family you didn't even know.\" With another sigh, he shook is head. \"This future you talk about … you inspired me to have a future like that, where I don't just do what my father wants me to … but let's face it, my future means nothing to me if you're not a part of it. I just need to know that you're there and I'm the happiest guy in the world.\" Sam stopped, and laughed to himself. \"I honestly think there was a helping of cheese mixed in with those peanuts on that damn plane.\" \"Come on Sam, we need to- OW!\" J.D. yelped. Sam looked at the door, and faintly heard Brian whisper that J.D. might want to shut up if he wants to live long enough to meet the girl of HIS dreams. Sam chuckled to himself, and looked back down at Laura's lifeless figure. He bent down and kissed her forehead, lingering as he waited for the tears to fall. \"I love you, Laura,\" he whispered, his lips brushing against her forehead as he spoke. \"I love you.\" He hurriedly stood up and began to walk away. As he reached the door and placed his hand on the handle, he looked back. \"Come on Sam,\" he told himself. \"You can't lose her. It's now or never.\" PS: if I get enough reviews, I might just do another scene after Laura wakes up…:P please let me know what you think! ","Summary":" A/N: Ok so this is my first DAT fic! I really want this fandom to grow :( especially the Sam and La"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Aftermath","Author":"Blackcat69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9069026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aftermath. Sam/Laura. Day After Tomorrow. Romance. Fluff. 2,057 words. K. He almost lost her. He almost lost her. He was too busy talking about his feelings and answering those personal questions she asked him, and he didn't even notice. He didn't even notice she was sick when he kissed her; he was preoccupied with what he was feeling and the way she made him feel. When he saw her infected cut, he felt like his whole world dropped out from under him. He couldn't believe she didn't tell him about it before; he thought that she felt comfortable enough to tell him anything. It had taken sudden, intense jealousy to make him realize that he had to tell her how he felt and soon. He thought he had hidden his feelings so well, but when J.D. told him to 'tell her his feelings,' he knew that he wasn't doing such a good job of it. Although he had tried to tell her his feelings that night in front of the fire, but his courage left him at the last minute. Then the whole super-sonic-storm business popped up; it truly seemed as if Sam Hall had really terrible timing. He has seen heaven and hell. His heart almost stopped when he saw her in her black velvet dress at the celebration event in New York. Her chestnut hair in loose curls around her face, she looked absolutely stunning, and then that flirt from the competition had to come and take her away. Even though Sam considers J.D. a friend now, he can still remember the boiling rage and jealousy he felt when she took J.D.'s arm and have him a big smile. Suddenly, he was very glad he joined the Scholastic Decathlon Team, and he was even gladder that he went to New York. Looking back, the plane ride hadn't been that bad. He had been able to sit next to her. Even when the plane went through the terrifying turbulence, he still held his own only grabbing her hand out of a reflex. She wasn't even mad that he'd done it. Just asked for her hand back when the commotion died down, a smile on her face. Another precious look for him to file away in his memory; maybe he'll look back on it when this was all said and done. When she is off to college and has forgotten all about him. But now, he can barely stand it. She looks so fragile in this make-shift cot they call a hospital bed. It has only been two days since his dad came and rescued them from New York after the ice storm had passed, but to him it seems like a lifetime since he has seen her smiling face. Heard her laugh at something stupid he may have said or done. Felt her touch on his arm when they won a competition or when he provided the correct answer to a question that stumped her. When the deadly ice storm's zenith had passed and as they were leaving New York in a helicopter, his dad told him that they were going to go to the American Embassy in Mexico City. His mom would be there too; but there were hardly any survivors. Too few, and yet much more than he expected. Dr. Lucy Hall was a great doctor, but an even more generous woman. She tended to the sickly and the ones of the most need first. Sensing that they needed the attention more; Peter was one of those examples. What kind of person would stay and wait for an ambulance with an invalid kid, not knowing if it would ever come? Lucy had done so. When she heard the news that there were survivors from New York, she was relieved. She knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Jack had gotten there in time and helped save some of those people. She was so proud of him in that moment. She was also proud of Sam for helping to save those few that had stayed in the library, even though he hadn't been able to convince them all to stay. Miss Laura Chapman now needed her attention. Sam had told her about what had happened, with Laura's cut and the blood poisoning, and how they had gotten the penicillin. After being mildly upset with him over the dangerous position they had put themselves in with the attacking wolves, she had been proud of him. Just by that little act, Sam had shown Lucy how much Laura meant to him. Which is why she is working her tail off, to help get rid of the last of Laura's infection. Laura had gotten out of New York just fine, the penicillin working for a little while, but it was only a matter of time before she needed some medical attention as well. Lucy could see Sam pacing back and forth in front of the temporary hospital hanger. She smiled gently before walking over to him and telling him to go and get some sleep. Laura moaned. The air was stale and dry. She knew that they weren't in New York anymore. Although she had no idea where she was; it seems that everything after they were found by Sam's dad became a blur. She does, however, remember the look of pure joy and relief on the faces of both father and son when they had embraced. For no logical reason what so ever, the memory caused those little butterflies to flutter, which seemed to be so prominent lately when ever Sam was involved. She remembered when she actually realized that what she felt for Sam was more than just a crush It was when her heart stopped beating in her chest. It was when she thought she had lost him forever, when he had called his father on one of the phones in the basement of the library. With the water rising to dangerous levels, she called out to him hoping that he would come back and not drown in the icy water. It was only when his head had popped out of the water that she knew . She had used the excuse of sharing body heat to slow down the blood flow to his limbs theory as an excuse to get close to him. To make sure that he was alright. That didn't stop those little butterflies from making their appearance though. She clutched his waist while he had his arms wrapped around her back and his nose buried in her hair. She was thankful for the dim lighting, for it hid her blushing face, which she was sure was as bright as Rudolph's nose. But none of that was as powerful as when he'd kissed her. Or did she kiss him? She didn't remember now. All she did know was that this extremely attractive young man had boldly told her that she was the reason why he joined their Scholastic Team. Before she thought he was poking fun at her during all those times she had her nose buried in a book. That kiss had sent little jolts of electricity all the way down to her toes. She had managed to fall asleep afterwards; she didn't realize it at the time, but now she guessed it was due to her weakening condition at the time. After Sam's mom had checked her progress and cleared her as \"good to go,\" Laura left the hospital area to go find Sam. She hadn't seen him since their rescue three days ago. She found him in a nearby tent. He looked exhausted, still dressed in his day clothes; he wasn't even covered by a blanket. Laura wished that she could turn around, turn back and forget she had ever seen him like that. He looked so vulnerable and innocent. She always thought that people looked their most unguarded in her sleep. She couldn't help but inch closer, keeping her tread light and trying not to breathe heavily. When she had reached his side, she knelt down to be more near his level. Gently smiling, she brushed a strand of his dark brown hair off his forehead, and trailed her fingers down his jaw line. She jumped when she felt his hand reach up to clasp hers. Quickly shifting her gaze from his full lips to his blazing blue eyes. Looking into his eyes, she could see happiness, guilt, and something else… what was it? Why would he feel guilt? What did he have to feel guilty about? It wasn't as if he was the one who didn't tell her if he had gotten his leg cut. Sam couldn't believe that she was here, touching his face with a lover's caress. He had grabbed her hand before he got himself too excited, thinking it was a dream. But she was real; he could feel her smooth, soft skin under his hand. See her warm brown eyes gazing into his own. He was surrounded by the emotions swirling in those twin orbs. He wondered what she could see in his eyes. He had a feeling it wasn't good; for just at that moment, he saw surprise flicker across her face. After she had taken a deep breath, she said, \"Sam? What do you have to feel guilty about?\" Out of all the questions in the world to ask him, she asked him one that he wasn't expecting. He looked away; he couldn't bear to see the disappointment in her eyes. \"You had almost died. I might not have been able to save you. I don't know what would have happened.\" She had turned his head back to face her before he had even started talking. What had been surprise was now confusion. \"What do you mean? You got the medicine I needed. If it hadn't been for me not telling you about my cut, then maybe we wouldn't have even been put into that situation.\" \"No, don't you dare. Don't you dare blame yourself. We were all preoccupied with staying alive. I don't blame you for not saying anything. It probably slipped your mind in all the confusion,\" Sam said forcefully lightly stoking the back of her hand. Laura gave a small smirk. \"Then maybe you should take your own words to heart. You shouldn't blame yourself for not knowing about my cut with… what were your words?\" She placed her free hand to her head as if in thought. \"Oh yes, 'with all the confusion.'\" He returned her smirk with a tired grin. \"Your sass is back. I presume that you're back to your old self again.\" \"Yeah…\" Laura whispered. He realized what a precarious position they were in. Sometime during their talk, either him or her or both of them unconsciously drifted closer to each other. With only just a head's width apart, he decided to be bold. A situation would probably never arise again. Laura gasped when his lips met hers. This was way better than the first time. This was… bliss. She twisted her fingers into his thick locks, trying to get as close as she possibly could. Which really wasn't a problem, since he had somehow maneuvered both of them into the cot. She twisted so she was on top, but he sensed what she was doing and flipped them over. Her pout turned into a moan when his mouth left hers to assault her neck. She combed her fingers through his soft hair that she loved so much. She didn't want to ruin this perfect moment, but she didn't want them to do anything that they would regret later. She reluctantly stopped him. \"Sam?\" No response. \"Sam!? We should stop.\" This time, he looked up. Her heart nearly broke with the look on his face. Sam blinked. \"You mean you don't… I'm sor—\" Laura stopped his stuttering before he got the wrong idea. \"No, it's just I don't want to go too fast too soon, alright? I still love you.\" Her heart sped up and nearly choked her when she realized what she had just said. She felt her face getting warm and she hoped that he couldn't see how red it was in this dim light. Her mind went blank as he gave her a gentle kiss and leaned down to whisper in her ear, \"I love you too.\" ","Summary":" Aftermath. Sam/Laura. Day After Tomorrow. Romance. Fluff. 2,057 words. K. He almost lost her. He al"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"It's Coming","Author":"Vortex Iris","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7109039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's Coming Disclaimer: You can probably guess. This takes place in England just before New York starts flooding. Every one on the entire beach were just staring at the sea. The happy, noisy chatter of people enjoying a sunny Saturday at the seaside had been replaced by quiet, worried voices as we tried to take in what had just happened. The sea had gone. Obviously the entire ocean had not just vanished without a trace. We could see the the edge of the water in the distance at the end of the newly elongated beach, but that must be the fastest I have ever seen the tide go out; it had never gone out that far before. There were still indents in the moist sand in front of me showing where the waves had pulled at it when they raced in. Some still had water in them. Children clad in brightly coloured swim suits had been left behind like beached fish when the water had made its hasty retreat. They now just stood like the rest of us wondering what on earth had happened. Thousands of different explanations were racing through my mind, each more ridicules than the last. I could see no reason for what had just happened. Something had just taken the mighty ocean, strongest most powerful thing on the planet and pulled it out from the beach. In my complete confusion and need for answers my memories turned to a Geography lesson I had been attempting to remain awake in not long before. My teacher had been at the front rattling of facts about natural disasters like stones bouncing off a tin roof when for some reason she suddenly stopped and asked me to repeat the last three facts; I think my yawning had something to do with it. Out of the three facts I had to repeat the only one that stuck in my mind was that when a tidal wave forms it pulls the water from the beach into it. I will never forget the panic and terror that flooded through me when I realised what had happened. For some moments I just stood staring, almost petrified. \"What's got into you?\" my mothers voice brought me back from my frantic thoughts. She must have seen how terrified I looked. \"We have to get every one off the beach. There's going to be a tidal wave.\" I spoke quickly and quietly, my voice just above a whisper as though talking too loud would make the wave come faster. How I wish she had believed me instead of just telling me I was over reacting and there was nothing to worry about, telling me she was sure there was a perfectly reasonable explanation to the water going out like that. How I wish she had been right. The beach life guard was as disbelieving as my mother, even though he too had no explanation to the sea's sudden exodus he was very sceptical about my tidal wave theory. Was I serious? A tidal wave, when had we last had one of those? I tried reasoning, tried arguing, tried pleading but he still refused to clear the beach based on, what he called, a fanciful idea. I wanted to point out I had learnt it in a Geography lesson so it was likely to be true but I never got the chance; because that's when the screaming started. The beach was in an uproar; people were dropping everything in their mad dash to get of the beach, to simply get away. The life guard was staring over my shoulder out to sea, a look of utter shock and fear on his face. Turning around I was met with the sight of a gigantic wall of water headed straight for us. Please tell me what you think! ","Summary":" It's Coming Disclaimer: You can probably guess. This takes place in England just before New York st"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"I Should Be So Lucky","Author":"Hibiko Shinichi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4352591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a random drabble, inspired while listening to \"Plane\" by Jason Mraz. It seemed fitting. -- In the days that follow the mass exodus from the library, it's almost quiet. Almost, because it's never really silent until late, late into the night, when everyone but Sam is asleep and that's how he knows the difference. During the daytime, when white-gold sun spills through the tiny crevices the snow leaves between drifts, everyone is vocal. They're almost happy; as happy as one can get in this sort of situation, as happy as one can be when facing death if you aren't careful about keeping the fire blazing round the clock. They laugh, they kid, they try to keep the humor. Sam can see right through them, though. He knows that, under the cheerful show they put on, everyone is worried. Brian worries for his family; Laura thinks of the mother and child whose belongings she risked her life to save; JD fears for his brother, all alone in Philadelphia. The librarians are wary of the four teens, protective of their precious books. Scraps of words on paper that have never particularly interested Sam; scraps that they're willing to sacrifice everyone's safety to keep intact. Sam thinks it's ridiculous. Sam worries too; he just does more to hide it. He's supposed to know what to do; he can feel that everyone is looking to him for some semblance of guidance. He does his best to keep everyone alive; but there is only so much he can do for them. There are only so many hours he can hold out before he wants to just sit down in a corner and think about how long they can last, how much longer he can hold out. He worries for his father, worries that he's being brash and a good father for once and has gone out into the blizzard, braving death to look for him. No matter how many fantasies that would fulfill, he would rather have his father alive. But he knows his father is coming; despite snow and ice and winds and death, his father is on his way. He worries for his mother, who has probably stayed behind to make sure the last of her patients have been evacuated before thinking of leaving herself. He worries because she never thinks of herself, only others, and that might have left her alone in the cold. He worries for Laura, for Brian, because he likes Laura and Brian has been one of his best friends since he can't remember. He worries for JD too now, because he's getting to know the other boy now, and besides that Laura likes him so that's a reason to like him too, right? But Sam isn't so sure. And then, even then, in the dead of the night, he worries for himself. Worries that his seventeen years won't ever add up to eighteen, or nineteen, or even twenty, worries that he'll never find love like in all those fairytale stories. Worries that maybe he'll never get to be the architect he's always wanted to be, that maybe this is how he'll die. But then he stops, because he needs to keep a clear head, and he thinks about something else. Each day progresses slowly. He spends the mornings talking with Brian and fooling everyone into thinking he slept that night. He spends the afternoons with Laura, talking and keeping her happy. He spends the evenings with JD, getting to know him and slowly making friends. He spends his nights thinking, long, lonely thoughts for long, lonely hours, and then the sun rises and the process starts all over again. -- This night--Wednesday, Sam calls it, because it lends a semblance of knowledge even though he has no idea what day it is anymore--leaves him awake and restless once again. He hasn't slept properly since this disaster first took shape; in what he deems to be a week he hasn't had more than ten hours of sleep, total. But leadership in the day and listlessness at night keep him awake. He's worried that maybe the others can see it; he's afraid that they can see the dark circles under his eyes, the paleness that stems from more than cold, the way that the sugar and energy from their rations aren't strengthening him, only barely keeping him able to function. He can't sleep in the day because he knows the others will worry and doubt in him, and that doubt will bloom into hopelessness and he needs everyone to believe he can get them out of this alive. Because even now he has his hero complex, and he can't let them down. He wants to sleep, so very badly; for once he wants morning to come so he can really be refreshed and energized, and stop pretending to be so in control when he's really not. And maybe tonight, that will happen. When it happens, Sam doesn't know what it is. He can't tell if it's simply primal, carnal instinct that drives him to put his lead-weighted limbs into action and move when he should be resting by the fire, not moving father away from it; he doesn't know if it's deep-rooted impulse that drags him across the library floor, his movements hindered by blankets and cold-induced numbness. What he does know is that somehow he ends up next to JD, on the floor curled up against the foot of the couch, and that's finally when he gets to sleep. -- When he wakes up the next morning, he really truly wakes up; his conscious drags him from what feels like the deepest sleep he's ever had, and he blinks himself awake to JD looking down at him, a faint, sleep-riddled smile pooled across his face. \"Good morning,\" JD says, and Sam yawns and stretches and blinks blearily, smiling widely all the while, and then returns the greeting. His chest goes warm when JD takes his hand to help him up; Sam brushes it off as having actually slept for once in a while. Even though a full ten hours isn't enough to make up for an entire week of lost sleep, it's enough to get Sam back on his feet and put a little spring back in his step. That day he smiles more often and laughs more frequently, and even the librarian notices it when Sam is trying to distract him so he can finally burn that damned philosophy book the older man is so fond of. \"You seem much more vicarious today,\" he said tersely, batting Sam's hand away from the shelf again. Sam just laughs and grins and settles for a cookbook instead. -- Sam's clocks are finally back in order. The dark circles are gone and his eyes are now bright; he has much more energy than he did before that night, and everyone else seems a little more upbeat as well. And now that he can keep day separate from night, he knows it's been six days when his father bursts through the library doors. Sam's heart nearly explodes from his chest with the force of the joy beating under his ribcage. His mind is soothed for the time being; his father is safe. And those fantasies of his father finally coming through for him have come true, and just that elates him. \"Dad,\" he croaks, and when he's back in his father's arms he knows everything will be all right. -- Four months later, Sam is in Mexico, soaking up the sun. Four months later and he still can't get enough of it; after those days in the savage cold under the gray skies, the sun is still a godsend. Sam hasn't gone home yet; the helicopter ride had been a straight shot from Manhattan to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico. Though he doubts there's much of home left to go to, he still longs for his bedroom sometimes. But now he's immersed in enjoying life and doing things he hasn't done yet, an aftershock of ambition left over from those hours spent contemplating things he'd never experienced. Some of those things are normal things; others are best done in private. \"Hey, Sam, check it out.\" Sam turns his head to Brian, who sits beside him with a book. The pages are marked, his thumb in the crease, and his head is turned toward the shoreline of the beach that presses its sand into Sam's skin. \"Isn't that JD over there?\" \"Where?\" Sam follows Brian's gesture and yes, that is JD. Strolling down the beach, talking, now laughing with a pale brunette girl who looks remarkably like.. \"Is that Laura?\" Sam asks, swallowing down the sudden flare of jealousy that rises in his stomach. Brian shrugs, leaning forward to see better. \"I think..oh, no, it's not.\" Brian squints briefly before returning to his book. \"I don't know who that is, then, but it's not Laura.\" \"Oh.\" Sam leans back as well, wondering why that feeling of envy hadn't faded yet. -- Five days later, and each time Sam sees JD with a girl it makes jealousy spark in his chest. He can't quite figure out why, but he's hazarded that maybe he's jealous that he hasn't scored with anyone yet. It makes him angry that he can't even decipher his own feelings, and he's resolved not to confide in anyone else about them. He has noticed, though, that they all look the same. Tall, thin, pale skin, dark hair, blue eyes. Maybe that's just JD's type; maybe that's the kind of girl that likes him. Either way, Sam is still confused and annoyed and curious. -- That night, Sam leaves the hotel room he shares with Brian and goes down the beach. It reminds him of those sleepless nights he'd had four months ago as he sits under the stars, arms curled loosely around his knees as he watches the sand sift under his toes. He wonders why, exactly, he feels what he feels; he wonders why he gets jealous when he sees JD with those girls, the ones he interchanges every few hours so easily. He decided to map out possibilities and he does this in the sand, tracing his fingers through the grains. Maybe...maybe they all looked like Laura. Maybe it was because they reminded him of her, and that made him jealous. But no; his mind rejected that theory, telling him that Laura looked nothing like them; she was small and athletic and dark-eyed and tan. And besides, he hadn't felt the same way towards her since they left New York; the love he'd felt for her was gone, replaced by brotherly affection and platonic fondness. She just didn't make him feel the same way he used to; she didn't incite the warm, fuzzy feelings in his stomach, didn't make him stare with her smile. So that wasn't a possibility anymore. He dragged his finger through the 'Laura?' he'd written on the ground, sighing. Besides being jealous that he hadn't met anyone yet–which he didn't think he was, because he could care less about meeting some random girl here–there weren't any other reasons he could think of. Unless..his mind whirred again, ever calculating. What if it wasn't JD he was jealous of so much as those girls? He'd always been open-minded, that was true; so thinking of these kinds of things didn't bother him horribly. But wasn't this a bit much? The normal seventeen-year-old thought about girls, not boys; but it did make sense. It explained why he was okay when JD was alone, why he didn't care when he saw those girls later. It almost explained why he'd been able to sleep four months ago; had it been because of his proximity to JD? Did it provide a reason for his partialness to the other teen as of late? Why Laura hadn't seemed so appealing any more? It did, Sam decided; it explained a lot of things. And if Sam wasn't rational, he was at least straightforward. But he was rational, and he gave himself two more days to see if he really did...like JD. He could always be wrong. -- The next day Sam had decided he was right. He didn't need that extra day; because he'd finally noticed and acknowledged the way his stomach twisted when JD smiled at him. He'd taken note of how he tended to talk more with JD than Brian, and how he laughed more often when he was around the brunette. It was almost frustrating to realize how dense he was, honestly; and that he hadn't realized how dense he was being only served to irritate him further. But Sam was still straightforward and outspoken, and he knew that taking the direct approach would be easier than dancing around the subject. He couldn't just be irrevocably awkward and easily provoked and continually blushing around JD, because that would cause problems. Dealing with this situation head-on would be the best way to solve everything out. -- In the evening, Sam caught sight of JD heading out of the hotel, another girl on his arm. Second glance told him she looked the same as the others; pale, blue-eyed, dark-haired, and he made a note to ask JD about it later. When this new ordeal had blown over, maybe. Sam redirected his path and made no bones about it; when he reached them he greeted them both and asked if he could speak to JD in private. The girl had looked mildly offended, but had walked off cooperatively when Sam flashed her a pleading smile. \"So what is it, Sam?\" JD asked, raising an eyebrow at him. Sam opened his mouth and–what ad he been planning to say? It figures he wouldn't have planned it out at all. Sam had just thought he'd go up to JD and somehow he's find a way to say what he wanted to say without making it incredibly awkward between them. But he hadn't given any thought to the words themselves; he'd supposed he wouldn't have to, since he was usually good at thinking on his feet. \"I...\" Sam stopped, swallowing the wave of sudden apprehension that had turned in his throat. JD waits for another moment and then sighs. \"Look, Sam, while we're alone–\" Sam tries to ignore the way that phrase makes him blush \"–I've got something to tell you.\" \"Okay,\" Sam says, relieved. That means he doesn't have to speak for now; and maybe JD will inspire something for him to say. \"Now, just hear me out,\" JD begins, holding up a hand. \"And don't go screaming your fool head off and running away, okay?\" \"Alright,\" Sam agrees again, this time a little more cautious. \"I like you,\" JD says bluntly, nodding. And then he just stands there, waiting for a response of some sort from Sam. Sam raises an eyebrow of his own. JD liked him? Well, that made everything so much less complex. Because he could just say that was fine and dandy and he felt the same, and where do they go from there? And then a grin blossomed on his lips because that meant he didn't have to think of a speech, didn't have to worry about saying the wrong thing or making things awkward. And since JD had been the one to initiate this confession, Sam could just as easily say what he'd been thinking. \"Well,\" Sam says, the grin widening, and JD is looking at him now like he's a madman. He is, in a way, but that's okay. \"Well, then.\" All of a sudden Sam feels silly and feminine, more than just a little pleased because JD reciprocated his still-unconfessed affections. He wants to laugh and hug him and say all sorts of things; and he remembers those words JD had spoken to him four months ago. ' Just tell her how you feel.' Well, Sam could be blunt too. So he rocked onto the balls of his feet and, on impulse–but everything he was doing now was on impulse, all spontaneous messages being fired to his brain–he threw his arms around JD's neck and pulled him close. \"I like you too,\" Sam said happily, his lips at JD's ear. Then, quite unable to stop himself, he added, \"You give me butterflies.\" He could feel JD's laugh spanning both of their chests, and he couldn't help but laugh as well. He knew what he'd just said was ridiculous, but he could care less. \"Good,\" JD said, pulling away a little. Sam just smiled, tipping his head to the side to watch JD's eyes. \"You wanna know something?\" \"Sure,\" Sam was pretty sure he'd just chirped the word, because he still felt bubbly on the inside, and he'd never really cared what people thought of him anyway. \"What?\" \"You know all those girls I've been hanging out with the past week or so?\" A frown replaced his smile, and the familiar pang of jealousy returned. \"Yeah.\" JD laughed at his expression and continued. \"Did you notice anything about them?\" His frown turned into a faint pout, and the jealousy was replaced by curiosity. \"They all looked the same. Why was that?\" \"Did you notice who they all looked like?\" JD's voice was expectant, his eyebrows raised. Sam searched his face for a clue, and then thought; he could recall seeing or knowing anyone who looked like that. \"No. Who?\" JD rolled his eyes. \"They all looked like you ,\" he said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"Like you would if you were a girl.\" Oh. Sam had to think about that one; he was never one for taking in appearances, much less his own. But once JD told him, it did click; he was tall, skinny, dark-haired, pale. \"Are my eyes blue?\" Though he didn't quite remember that detail. JD snorted, pressing his forehead against Sam's. \"Yes, they are,\" he said. \"The clearest shade of blue I've ever seen, I think.\" \"Would I make a pretty girl?\" The mischievous mood was back again, now that he knew they posed no threat, and Sam grinned when his nose brushed JD's. \"I like you better this way,\" JD murmured, and Sam tilted his head the slightest bit so JD could kiss him. Much later, Sam reflected that although sleeping near JD was fine, waking up with JD's fingers intertwined with his made the night seem so much better. -- Aww, fluff. I really like this story, actually; I think it's good. I may be wrong, though; the only way to know is if you drop a review. So please review, and let me know how you liked it. ","Summary":" Just a random drabble, inspired while listening to \"Plane\" by Jason Mraz. It seemed fitting. -- I"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Sand Through My Fingers","Author":"Genesis Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4789723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prelude: A Failed Promise She lay still in a puddle of water. No. Not water. She lay still and cold in a puddle of blood. Red crimson blood. Red crimson blood that was quickly being polluted by the freezing rain that fell more quickly by the second. I was dying. Not in the way that she had died, not in a fatal way, but in a way that I would never recover from. Carnage and mangled bodies were scattered everywhere, all around. The stench and smell of the dead and rotting bodies mingled with the musky scent of the rain evaporating and hissing steam as it came into contact with the broken black pavement beneath I stood on. If not for the thick woolen fabric I'd tied around my feet, they would have been burned within moments for sure. But the fabric was sturdy enough to last at least a while on the blacktop, and there was bare earth nearby that would surely be less hot than the concrete. But every other detail paled in comparison to this. She was lying there prone and probably unconscious on the pavement, eyes screwed shut in pain, her long auburn hair matted and tangled around her head and stuck to her dirt and sweat stained face. Aside from a long jagged scratch down her cheek, her face was otherwise spared from blood and gore. But her clothes- her usual black knee-length skirt and white shirt were ripped and shredded along with her flesh underneath, leaving a mess of bloody pulp where her body should have been intact. Sebastian, do you ever get scared? Jaymee, I'm sure everyone gets scared sometimes. Especially in times like this. Yes, but you never seem to be scared. That's because I have you, love. Seb, I'm being serious. Who said I wasn't being serious? Would you answer my question, though? Please? Yes, I get scared sometimes. Of what? You always seem to be so strong. Sometimes I'm not strong enough to resist fear. But I do know this, Jaymee… I will never be too weak to keep you from fear. I will always be there to keep you from it. Fear will see me coming and flee. I promise. I had failed. I had failed to keep the promise I'd made. : : :A/N: Please review! I have yet to decide whether or not I'll continue this. Your reviews and viewpoints will determine this! ","Summary":" Prelude: A Failed Promise She lay still in a puddle of water. No. Not water. She lay still and cold"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Caught The Wrong Way","Author":"CreativeSlash","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8568269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What if Laura and Sam had switched places? What if Sam had gotten blood poisoning instead of Laura? And what if they didn't get the penicillin in time? Just to be clear, Sam didn't do what Laura did at the Taxi. She helped the people out still, but she didn't cut her leg getting over the taxi. Let's just say, Sam got there sooner, and he cut his leg helping her over the taxi. Forms of Law Enforcement Through the Years What We Do, a memoir of Chicago Police Officers How to Become an FBI Agent for Dummies I pinched the bridge of my nose between my gloved fingers, trying to desperately stop the headache that was currently pounding in my head. All I could be thankful for was that the library was quiet, and Elsa wasn't saying anything to add to the pain. I could barely hear anyone over the blood pounding in my ears, making even more painful thumps to my already throbbing head. But, as bad as my head was hurting, it still couldn't numb the pain in my lower left calf. I knew I had cut it on the taxi when I took Laura in the library, but I didn't think it was much more than a little cut. And that it was. It couldn't have been bigger than my hand, but it hurt like hell to touch or even to walk on. The skin around it was red and inflamed, but I figured it would be just a small infection. I couldn't afford to get sick. Not now, at least. My stack of books next to me looked pathetic, with only five or so books in it. I looked over at Elsa's pile of books, who was over in seventeenth century literature, and saw that she was already on her fifth pile of books, with each pile having at least ten books in it. I threw my three law enforcement books into my pile, and went back to finding suitable books to go into the burn pile. However, right when I picked up a copy of Inside the Car, it felt as if a knife had just been dug into my leg, and had been twisted multiple times. I felt all the air go out of my lungs, as I dropped my book on the floor and hunched over, letting out inaudible gasps of pain. My hands gripped around my leg, but not near the cut. I apparently went too close to the cut, because, before I could stop it, a small howl of pain escaped my lips. I saw out of the corner of my eye, Elsa look up from her pile, concern written all over her face. She jogged over quickly, her hands moving frantically around me, not sure what to do or how to help. \"Sam!\" She all but yelled, her hands still waving around me, somewhat making me more dizzy than I already was. \"Oh my God, what's wrong? Are you going to be sick? Did you break something? Maybe you have-\" I cut her off, reaching up and stopping her frantic hands from making me sick. I just sat there with my eyes shut, breathing in through my nose and out through my mouth, focusing on not moaning in pain again. \"Sam,\" Elsa tried again, this time much softer and calmer. She laid her hand on my shoulder, prompting me to look up at her, not too quickly though. My face felt sticky and warm, and I absently felt cold sweat dripping down my temple. I attempted to give her a small smile of reassurance, but it came out more as a grimace of pain, even if it truly was. I waited a few seconds to regain my voice, knowing if I didn't, I would be sick right away, and that wouldn't help the situation. \"I'm okay,\" My voice was hoarse and barely audible, but she heard it by the way her face showed relief for the briefest second, before it quickly melted back into concern. \"You were screaming in pain a minute ago, you're incredibly warm and sweating, and you look like you're about to be sick. You don't sound or look okay, Sam,\" She said gently, her eyes warm and caring. I shook my head, shifting my body slightly, so that I was flat on my bottom. I felt the pressure come off my leg, and felt a small ounce of relief. \"Really, I am okay. I just caught a cut on my leg on the bookshelf, and it was much more painful than I expected. It caught me off guard, so I really didn't expect it either.\" Her face still held concern, but I saw curiosity add to her features as well. Her head tilted ever so slightly to the side, and her eyes became more slanted than usual. \"How did you cut your leg?\" She asked, her focus being shifted away from my little episode I just had. \"Caught it on a taxi when the tidal wave came in. It's no big deal, really, Elsa. Like I said, I just caught it the wrong way.\" I told her, somewhat, honestly. It was true. I did get the cut from the taxi when the wave came in. And I did catch it the wrong way. The very, very wrong way. She didn't look completely convinced, but she gave me a small smile anyway, and sat down next to me, reaching for the book I dropped. \"Here, let me help you with your pile. It looks pathetic, to be honest.\" I chuckled, leaning over to the bookcase. \"Yeah, but we shall see at the end.\" DATDATDATDATDATDATDATDAT I tossed once again on the slick leather couch, letting out a small cough. I've tossed and turned for the past hour, and nothing seems to help me go to sleep, or extinguish the pain in my leg. Everyone else drifted off about an hour ago, relishing in the fire's warmth. It was true, we did make an amazing fire with the books we gathered. But, it chose a bad night to be warm enough. I had already been sweating before the fire was started, but now it felt as if someone put the fire on my body. My forehead was sweating profusely, and every other part of my body was flushed crimson. I felt the stabbing pain that I had felt in the library earlier about fifteen times in the past hour, and it takes all my self control not to yell or scream or howl in pain, and awaken everybody. It wouldn't do anything for me at all, except a lot of explaining. Suddenly, my leg exploded with the pain I had been much too familiar with over the past few days. However, this pain seemed much worse than the previous experiences. I grit my teeth together in pain and frustration, wondering how long this was going to go on before it healed. The pain amped up its scale, as the pain took on a new blinding quality. The pain was excruciating, and I felt myself balance on the line of unconsciousness. My eyes started drooping closed, and I let fatigue drag me away from the pain that hopefully would be gone when I came back. Laura's POV It's about nine or so in the morning when the majority of us woke up, judging by the sunlight that shown through the large windows and onto the dark carpet. We had all woken up at around the same time, but Sam was still asleep, even now when it was a couple hours later. I estimated it was around noon or one in the afternoon, which was late even for Sam. I got up from my position on the couch to walk over to the opposite leather couch by the fireplace, and put my hand on Sam's shoulder, shaking him gently. \"Sam,\" I said quietly, shaking him a little bit harder. \"You need to wake up.\" He still didn't stir, so I raised my voice and increased the shaking. \"Sam,\" I spoke in my normal tone. \"Come on, it's passed noon.\" Still, nothing was happening. I started getting a growing pit of anxiety that was pooling in my stomach, and resorted to grabbing both of his shoulders and shaking him with full force and yelling his name. Before I could yell anything to him, however, he slumped out of my grip and fell to the floor, still unconscious. At this point, I yelled at everyone to get in the living room, and was in full blown panic mode. He might've frozen in the night, or had a heart attack, or even had a stroke. At this point, anything was possible. I didn't notice any signs of pain or discomfort in him earlier, but apparently something was wrong because he was lying on the floor unconscious. \"Oh no, Sam. Oh no no no no no. Sam! Wake Up! Oh God, please wake up.\" I yelled at him, shaking his shoulders, about to do anything to get him back and awake and conscious and back with me. \"What happened?\" I heard a whisper behind me, but couldn't decipher who had said it, or even care who said it. All that was on my mind now, was making sure Sam was okay and alive. Elsa came into my view from my right, and quietly lifted his left pant leg up. I heard her gasp, and I looked down at his leg, shocked at what I saw. His whole leg was swollen and crimson red, a large cut racing down his calf, all the way down to his ankle. The skin around the cut was a much deeper red and inflamed, and by the looks of it, the cut and the leg were severely infected. \"Blood poisoning,\" Elsa said beside me. She had snuck up silently beside me, and was now looking at Sam's leg and body, with a sad and tragic expression, expressing exactly what I didn't want to happen. Sam had to make it. He led us here and kept us alive this long, he had to be able to keep himself alive as well. At least until his dad made it, if he was even coming. The storm could've killed him already, like so many of us were convinced, but didn't voice our opinions to Sam. \"How do we cure it?\" I whispered, feeling a sense of brokenness and guilt seeping in through my veins. If there was no cure, he was going to die, and it would be all my fault. I was the one who went to taxi to help. I was the one who Sam helped to safety. I was the one who got him that cut on his leg, and I would be the one responsible for his death. \"He needs a large dose of penicillin immediately,\" She told me, her voice somber. There was no hope in her voice, just regret and loss. She was talking like Sam was already dead, and while I know she doesn't mean to, I felt my blood boiling inside my veins. She's not even trying to save him while there's still a chance! He's not dead, but he will be if we don't try. \"But,\" She continued in the same regretful tone. \"There's no penicillin anywhere in the library. And we can't go outside, or else the storm will kill us as well.\" I felt the tears prick the corner of my eyes, and I felt one slip down my cheek. Sam couldn't die this way. He's supposed to go on and live and have a great job and marry a lucky girl and have children and it just couldn't end this way. \"Is there anything else we can do?\" I asked brokenly, leaning over Sam's body, willing those bright blue eyes to open and look at me and just say everything would be okay. He would get through this. But, it didn't seem like that would happen at this point, no matter how much I wanted it to. \"No,\" Elsa said back, her eyes starting to glimmer with unshed tears that were threatening to break. She didn't continue her sentence. She was probably afraid, like I am, that if she says anymore, she'll completely lose it and break down. I laid my hand on his forehead, closing my eyes. His forehead was incredibly warm to the touch, and I involuntarily shuddered at the heat waves cascading from his head. I sat still for however long, just relishing in the few minutes or hours he had that heat left in his body, and then he would go stone cold. He would be gone, and we would be gone shortly afterwards, considering he's the reason we're all still alive. Suddenly, there was a noise outside of the door. I stiffened, wondering if the next stage of the storm had arrived or not. It could be people, but that's highly unlikely. Not in these temperatures. Something started pressing against the door, making it shake with force, bound to bust open. I heard people behind me back away, afraid what was on the other side. I was too, but nothing could make me leave Sam's side. Not now. The door finally broke, revealing the one person I was convinced wouldn't come, and Sam was: Jack Hall. Sam's father. He did make it, just like Sam had been saying. But, as much as I was happy to see him, I didn't want to explain that the son he had been trying to rescue, was quickly dying. I don't think he could handle hearing it, as much as I couldn't handle saying it. \"Mr. Hall,\" I breathed, looking around at my friends. They looked just as equally shocked, but sadness lingered as well. Jack nodded in response, but his eyes quickly fell on his unconscious son, and he immediately walked over next to him, crouching down. I could see panic written on his face, and I felt a lump grow in my throat at the thought of telling him what was happening. \"Sam,\" He said, his voice low and calm, trying to mask panic and confusion. He shook his shoulder, losing more and more of his composure. He shook harder, talked louder, but Sam wasn't waking up. He looked up at me, not wanting to believe what he saw. \"What's wrong with him?\" He questioned, looking down at his only son with sadness and grief. I just looked back behind me at Elsa, silently asking her to step up and say what I couldn't. She saw my unshed tears, and scooted up beside me. \"Mr. Hall,\" She started, her voice gravelly low. \"Your son contracted blood poisoning when he cut his leg on a taxi during the storm surge. The poisoning is in a very advanced stage and,\" She took a break, clearing her throat of unshed tears and sadness. \"I'm afraid if we don't have any penicillin, \" She looked up at him through watery eyes, portraying everything he and I didn't want to hear. \"What?\" Mr. Hall questioned, his eyes wide with panic. \"What's going to happen if we can't get penicillin?\" He knew what would happen, he just didn't want to hear it as much as I did. Hearing it, made it a reality we would have to face. \"He'll die,\" She whispered, her face void of all color. The tears were now running down her face, and her voice wavered, even with those two small words. Those two words, however, destroyed Mr. Hall's, and my, world. There wasn't any chance of having penicillin, and without that, Sam was gone. He was practically dead now, all that was keeping him going was the slow, sluggish pace of his heartbeat, slowing each and every minute. Mr. Hall paled, and automatically went into search mode, a last desperation for a father who's son was laying on his death bed. He asked all of us to help him look for penicillin, but I stayed with Sam, smoothing down his hair and whispering kind words. It wasn't until about fifteen minutes later, when I felt Sam's chest still under my hand. Ice water hot through my veins, panic gripping me like a vice. I shook his shoulders, his arms, anything to be able to get him to awake. \"Mr. Hall!\" I screamed, the same desperation that he had, now lacing my voice. This couldn't be finished. He wasn't done here. Mr. Hall came rushing over, his face mirroring mine. He put his hands on his sons chest, and I heard him choking back a sob. He moved my hands out of the way, and quickly started doing CPR. He went on with CPR for about three minutes, when he finally broke down, surrendering to the sobs that continually racked his body. He laid his head on Sam's unmoving chest, crying for the son he lost. I let my tears flow as well, letting every emotion, just come over me. I didn't care about composing myself, or restraining myself. All care for composure and restrain died away when Sam did. I didn't pay attention when the others came back. I simply grieved for the friend I lost to an injury that was simple \"caught the wrong way\". Wrote this a long time ago….back when I couldn't write too well. Gah, I think I wrote it about the time Day After Tomorrow came out. Woah. R&R;! ","Summary":" What if Laura and Sam had switched places? What if Sam had gotten blood poisoning instead of Laura?"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"The Day After the Day After Tomorrow","Author":"Drgyen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9321807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : Originally posted in Alternate History . com and all work credit to B_Munro . \"Perhaps our most controversial president, Dick Cheney (2007-2012) is often – and understandably –portrayed as a monster. It is certainly true that many of his policies were ill-advised…operation \"Preserve America\", the establishment of US rule in Mexico by US troops from the South and recalled from abroad, was carried out in the awareness that there was no way Latin America was going to be able to absorb roughly 150 million refugees on short notice…many of his initiatives were poorly thought out, hastily put together in a terrible rush to do something, anything, as people starved and froze by the millions…remembers operations \"Freedom from want\", in which crops and food supplies were seized in Central America, the Caribbean…\" Lend a Hand\" and the mass use of forced labor to carry out agricultural expansion and construction programs… \"Restore Freedom\", in which the reestablishment of government authority over much of the US was carried out more like the military occupation of a hostile state rather than a mission of mercy…not to mention operations \"Robin Hood\" and \"Angry Rabbit\", of which the less said is the better…the establishment of a rationing system based on \"utility\" of the recipient… …in fact, most Americans were quite sympathetic to Cheney's cancellation of the 2008 elections, given the continued catastrophic conditions…the rumors that circulated of plans to cancel the 2012 elections were never confirmed…too many now remember that 60% of the population of the old US died under his watch…40% survived, and the US survived as a nation, rather than a disliked Diaspora scattered in many lands or a remnant on the southern fringes of our former territory…like Roosevelt during the Great Depression, Cheney convinced people things were getting better by the sheer scale of activity – even if many of his initiatives were unproductive or even counterproductive, at least he was seen as getting things done…insane level of activity for a man whose heart would finally give out, after six previous attacks, on a cold February day in 2012…a cruel man, perhaps, but so was Peter the Great…\" Colossus of the Fall: a New Biography of Richard Bruce \"Dick\" Cheney , Paul Ascherson, Frostbite Press, Philadelphia 2027 North America partially warmed up again, eventually, as the world settled into a new equilibrium after the collapse of the Gulf Stream. By 2027, things had settled down: overall planetary temperatures were creeping up again, as CO2 continued to enter the atmosphere in reduced but still substantial amounts. Eastern North America was substantially colder than it had been in 2007, and western and northern Europe much colder. The Mediterranean nations, less affected by the ocean, weren't hit as hard, although the general cooling of the northern hemisphere did have some effects. The southern hemisphere stabilized at conditions comparable to pre-super storm - indeed, in large parts of Africa south of the Equator, 2027 was an unusually hot year. Although the line of sustainable agriculture moved several hundred miles to the south (wheat generally remains uneconomical to grow north of Nebraska) North America was never as dependent upon the Gulf Stream as Europe was, and there are settlements of stubborn stay-behinds along the east coast as far north as old Nova Scotia, although snowy Philadelphia remains the northernmost sizable US city east of the Mississippi. Surviving Canadians (surprisingly many: Canadians know how to deal with severe cold) have generally moved south and integrated into US society, although there remains a population of stubbornly nationalist Canucks who either live near the frozen shores of the Great Lakes and hope for continued global warming, or have moved to the rump \"Canadian Republic\" around Vancouver (much of the west coast, once the situation stabilized, ended up not much cooler). The Vancouver Republic's claim to the rest of Canada is supported by the US, in exchange for which Vancouver makes no fuss about any US military bases or commercial projects in the vast frozen wasteland to the east. Most of the US population lives south of the 40th parallel, but given the mass southern exodus of northerners, this does not make the US as Red as one might think. More intensive and extensive agriculture means the US is feeding itself again, but exports less and stockpiles heavily in case the weather goes mad again. The largest city is Los Angeles. New York, in spite of its Labrador-like weather, still has stubborn inhabitants, but far, far fewer than in 2007. Many live in reconditioned underground subways, which are easier to keep warm than above-ground territory. Along with other largely abandoned northern cities, much of NY is under martial law to deter looters, and is being slowly \"mined\" by government-approved organizations for valuable materials, lost art treasures, etc. (A committee of still-rich ex-New Yorkers are trying to raise multiple billions to roof over at least the nicer parts of Manhattan). The US currently has 48 states, four states still having too few inhabitants to escape renewed Territory status (the Dakotas finally just merged into one state to regain voting status in 2025), but in the meantime having added the three states of Cuba, Jamaica and Puerto Rico: several other Caribbean states are now US protectorates. Mexico, however, is an entirely different kettle of fish. Even with the famines, etc. of 2007-2008, there are still 10 Mexican citizens for every 20 American ones. (And that's not counting US citizens of Mexican descent, more of which have been arriving from the south since things started warming up north). After a decade of debate, a decision has finally been forced. Mexicans prepare for an especially energetic and after lively September 16 this year. The last of the votes have been counted, and the result is in: Mexico will not become a part of the United States. The vote might have been different if held in 2006, but, like Canadians after 1812, US invasion and occupation has strengthened nationalism. Mexico will not regain full sovereignty till 2028, but over the next months more political power will steadily gravitate to Mexican nationals. This of course greatly angers many US nationals living in Mexico. At its peak, nearly half of Mexico's population had consisted of US refugees, and with the enormous damage to infrastructure and housing stock through most of the US, they had been slow to leave: even today, twenty years later, nearly one in six inhabitants of Mexico's territory is a US citizen. Not allowed to vote for Mexican absorption, even in those border states where the proportion of US citizens was rather higher than 1/6, often resident in Mexico since the Superstorm, they feel betrayed by their own government. The President, however, is determined, even if it loses him the next election, he's going to avoid destroying the fragile amity reestablished between Mexico and the US by filibustering even one pre-Storm Mexican state. It's not that there's any real likelihood that the Mexican government is going to chase out the American residents or take all their stuff: after all, doing so would collapse the Mexican economy. However, as usual, people are not reacting rationally. Death threats are multiplying faster than the Secret Service can handle them. Latin America south of Mexico wasn't impacted very hard by the weather, but the resultant global economic collapse was No Fun, and although Latin America can grow its own food, matters of distribution, economics, and large areas planted with not very nutritious export crops meant there were some famines, too. Various revolutions and counterrevolutions followed. Currently, Latin America is divided between an alliance of US-paranoid states led by a lefty Brazil which has developed its own nuclear arsenal, and a number of right-wing states who don't trust the US either but find them preferable to the alternative. With US farm production down and European production gone bye-bye, Latin America grows rather more food for export, and with US help Argentina has fully modernized and industrialized its agriculture. Colombia collapsed very messily, and the ultra-leftist \"agrarian communes\" of the interior are too weird for even the Brazilians to deal with them. Latin America's relationship with the US is further soured by the presence of millions of European refugees, which are a bit resentful over the US for shutting the Mexican door on them right from the start, and for surviving better than their old countries. Their relationships with their host countries is also complex: initially welcomed, as economies collapsed European \"extra mouths\" were not appreciated, and those without helpful skills were often pushed to the back of the line, forced to do unpaid \"volunteer\" labor, in some cases even raped and killed. Some immigrants have since climbed to positions of power and influence in their new countries, but their position remains somewhat shaky in most of the southern continent. The Inuits who survived the storm have moved south into eastern Canada and along the St. Lawrence. Europe was hit harder than the US, and organized civilization only held out in the Mediterranean, although much of the snowy and tundra-y north is now claimed by various states (the Australia-New Zealand union claim the United Kingdom by right of inheritance, and have several bases on its frozen shores). With less military projection power, and a sea between them and a North Africa which was food-deficient to start with, a forcible \"move and plunder\" was not really practical, although after the weather cleared there was a heavy flow of refugees, millions, to South America and Australia-New Zealand for some months until the food started to run out and local governments shut the doors. The British starved to death fairly politely; even when cannibalism set in, it was those already frozen to death that were thawed out and eaten, rather than any uncouth cannibal mobs. Some managed to survive along the southern coasts, by a combination of fishing and heated greenhouse gardening after they got a couple nuclear power plants working again. Today such nations as the British and the Scandinavians exist only as scattered Diasporas, although some Germans have begun to re-colonize their Siberia-cold-at-best homeland. Spain, Italy and France survive in the Mediterranean portions of their nations, France including so many Swiss, German and Low Countries survivors that various Germanic dialects are heard almost as often as French. Not that northern France, Spain, etc. are uninhabited it's just that with climates comparable to Newfoundland at the best, the population is by necessity thin. The surviving European nations – chilly little Portugal, Spain, France, Italy, the Adriatic Statelets, Greece and Bulgaria-Romania – suffered human losses worse than the US, and have stabilized at substantially colder temperatures, if not as devastating as those of Northern Europe. Human freedom did not do well under the circumstances, and only France can be said to be a relatively stable democracy nowadays (and even there police and Emergency powers are ominously strong). Relative to the US, they are both poorer and less populous than OTL 2010, and American feelings towards them are somewhat like OTL late 1800s feelings towards the Balkans – a backwards, violent and politically unstable area. The French are even more pro-nuclear than OTL, and have plans ambitious beyond their limited budget to re-settle the north with \"atomic cities.\" Russia is largely gone: after the initial freeze showed little signs of letting up, millions of starving but armed Russians moved south in hopes of better things, and starving (but not as much) Ukrainians opposed them. And then some Poles showed up. Vladimir Putin tried to pull a Cheney, but lacked large military forces in place in areas not under 15 feet of snow, and was unable to pull off a proper invasion of the Middle East, most of which was too much of a mess to support Russians anyway, except maybe through cannibalism. Things remained chaotic for the next couple of years, before population finally bottomed out and some sort of cycle of life without most modern conveniences was established by farmers along the northern shore of the Black Sea. A number of smallish Slavic states, with little better than Sub-Saharan African living standards, exist north of the Black sea (as far north as Kiev), while a larger one, with some surviving patches of industrial modernity, exists along the eastern shore and into Georgia: it has a rather large inherited nuclear arsenal, and is currently pushing into Siberia, clashing with the Unpleasantness coming out of Central Asia: given its continental climate, Siberia is generally not much colder than it is OTL. Sub-Saharan Africa suffered nastiness post-storm as most of its major cities headed for collapse as food and fuel imports were cut off: the mostly self-sufficient subsistence farmers were squeezed for food, by organized armed forces in stronger states, by a thousand new petty warlords in areas where the state was weak. The \"years of blood\" (2007-2014) destroyed many of the old states of Africa and threw up new ones: only a few countries (most notably Tanzania and South Africa) were able to avoid at least bloody dictatorship. As of 2027, large parts of the interior are still warlord territory, and South Africa has expanded considerably to the north. New international aid agencies based in the Americas and South and Southeast Asia are helping to stabilize things, and in a few places, where corrupt and parasitic governments collapsed entirely, stronger and more effective states emerged, at least able to organize feeding the population and suppress (often with extreme brutality) the violence. The Warlord of the Cameroons-Gabon may be a total bastard, but those who know him also say he's a magnificent bastard. The Middle East was far enough north to get hit by some of the bad weather: although the Mahgreb did not receive the sort of very heavy snows that covered Spain, there was an intense enough cold snap and sleet that badly blighted much of the year's crops. Turkey suffered terrible losses in its highland territories, and even Cairo suffered from a blizzard. Famine and political violence stalked the area: Islamicist governments came to power after bloody civil strife in Egypt, Morocco and Algiers, and Libya descended into chaos. Israel set off a few atomic bombs in (mostly) uninhabited areas to remind people not to f**k with them, and a million or so Palestinians fled/were pushed over the borders (details of the story vary). Lebanon blew up again. An independent Kurdish state emerged, and nobody paid much attention either then or during the starving to death of more than half its population. Iraq broke out in violence again when the last US troops departed, and the Iranian regime invaded to \"restore order.\" A new religion was invented in the Yemen and twenty years later has over three million often-persecuted followers. Iran proved no more successful than the US in bringing peace and quiet to the area, and between that and the terrible weather and the collapse of the already wobbly economy, the Islamicist regime did not survive. The 2027 government, although still rather Sharia-friendly, is no longer vetted by a Supreme Leader, and most women now go unveiled. Turks are a tough people, and managed to restore their nation, although usable agricultural land has shrunk in the highlands. Saudi Arabia, to everyone's annoyance, also survived, trading oil for food with the few countries which still had something to export, and having enough imported talent to keep the machinery going and harvest the (very expensively irrigated) crops: indeed, the Saudis actually played good Samaritan, providing free oil shipments to Islamic countries in East Africa and to Egypt after the Muslim Brotherhood took over. Libya is currently divided among Tunisia and Egypt, and Israel is rather unhappy about New Palestine, which after taking over in Jordan, went on to absorb large parts of civil war ravaged Syria and central (Sunni Arab) Iraq after the Iranian pullout. India had some weird weather, the usual economic crisis, and soupcon of famine: no worse than a lot of crap Indians had put up with in the past. Twenty years later India is doing fairly well economically, and is stronger relative to the US than it is OTL 2010, if still a very poor nation. It has taken advantage of Chinese problems to establish a protectorate over Tibet, and with it a nice big buffer between them and China. Central Asia, from Afghanistan to Siberia, is no-man's-land. Pakistan is currently being propped up by the Indians and the US, fearing that the collapse of the badly eroded nation will allow the chaos to spill over into the subcontinent. (Iran has a heavily fortified northern frontier, and maintains some micro-states in western Afghanistan to provide a buffer against the Brotherhood of God, who have replaced the Taliban by being even more ruthless SOBs). China survived, although the Super-storm ravaged their country: the government relocated to the semi-tropical south, and did unto Myanamar and Thailand what the US did in Mexico, albeit rather more clumsily by essentially giving 30 million hungry young men guns and pointing them in the right direction (Vietnam was left alone, for understandable historical reasons). The Chinese are still there today, and refuse to release any statistics on exactly how many Thai, etc. are actually still alive. Nor will the government release any information on how many Chinese survived, although most estimates put the die-off at over 60% (which still leaves some 500 million or so.) As China's climate has nothing to do with the Gulf Stream, the north has thawed over the last 20 years, being only slightly colder in the north and northwest, and a massive government-backed program of rebuilding is ongoing. The pre-war structure of the Communist Party failed to survive, and China is currently run by military junta, although there have been a few tentative gestures in the direction of democracy lately. Kim Il Jong at 79 is still going strong, thanks to his father's paranoia. The vast system of deep tunnels beneath the country and the several years stock of dried and canned foods (mostly untouched during previous famines save for some given to army and party leaders to keep them loyal) in case of nuclear winter meant that when things started to warm up a bit in 2009 the North Koreans were able to emerge and take over what was left of the South. Quite a bit of eastern Siberia was also taken over by Korea once it thawed out. There still was a lot of famine and cannibalism, but in the end there was still a surviving state, and as one party propagandist put it \"fewer but better Koreans.\" The Quintuple Alliance of Indonesia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia and Vietnam, formed to ward off northern invaders (nuclear weapons provided by the Taiwanese) and for mutual economic and technical aid post-Storm, has become a major regional power. Its population includes some 10 million Japanese refugees: the peak number was 15, but many do not wish to return to the nuclear-armed ultra-nationalist dictatorship that came to power after the Great Dying (especially not the women, since the Party made failure to bear children by the age of 30 a crime against the Japanese people). Australia and New Zealand had some tough times when trade collapsed, but managed to remain democracies and with careful rationing and a lot of sheep-eating managed to avoid famine. A formidable expansion of crop-growing took place in green New Zealand, which is now rather more densely populated than OTL. Refugees remain a sore spot with some other nations. North Americans are rather unhappy with the \"you don't work, you don't eat\" attitudes towards all but the earliest of their refugees, and the Japanese really hold sort of a grudge over those boatloads turned back at gunpoint. Worried about its long-term survival, New Zealand entered into a federal union with Australia in 2012. After two decades, the global economy has finally perked up again, and standards of living in the US, Australia, China and South America have caught back up to where they were pre-storm. In South Africa, India, the Quintuple Alliance and Korea they are actually higher, a good bit higher in some cases. Rump Europe, the former Soviet territories, Japan continue to lag. (Mexico, thanks to US investment, industrial development, etc. is rather wealthier than OTL: think Greece or Portugal before the economic crash). Technological growth was slowed by human and material losses, but hasn't stopped. There have been advances in computer tech, and much investment in synthetic food production, power storage, insulation, plant genetic engineering, etc. have brought advances. The International Space Station, abandoned for a number of years, has been reoccupied and restored to function, and fusion power is only 20 years away. Energy, power, is an important issue. The disaster of '07 made the control of planetary climate a vital issue, along with the control of carbon emissions; however, progress in addressing these issues has been badly delayed by the strongly pro-warming lobbies in the US and rump Europe, who want to thaw out their lands – never mind that the best current calculations that returning Europe to a pre-Super-Storm climate will bring drought, untenable high temperatures, and death to perhaps a billion people in the equatorial regions. The \"anti-warmists\" are currently dominant in the US, and along with the Brazilian Block, Australia-NZ, and the Quintuple Alliance, are busy helping the less developed parts of the world move from fossil fuels to solar and nuclear power: the Indians are now 40% nuclear, and China is making strides of its own. The Spaniards and the Italians, not to mention the Slavs to the east, are defiantly burning loads of coal, to most people's annoyance. With a couple decades of greatly reduced demand, \"peak oil\" is currently just a small dark cloud on the horizon. Culture tends to emphasize the fragility of human life and the implacable face of nature, or the Helplessness of Man in the Hands of God, but as the Vietnam loss led to Rambo, a counter-reaction in the form of a sort of Muscular Humanism has appeared with much emphasis on what Science! can do: these are the sort of people who are big on building atomic-powered underground cities in the frozen areas, or building giant orbiting solar mirrors to warm up the North Atlantic and reestablish the Gulf Stream. Former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin's TV show, Survivorwoman , remains popular in reruns.[1] \"As usual, New Hollywood has produced a \"historical\" movie almost devoid of historical content…it is amazing that only 50 years after the Global Storm, a major studio could produce a film so historically inaccurate…as anyone over 56 remembers, the US government relocated to San Antonio, Texas, not Mexico…in an amazing example of our national \"perpetual innocence\", what rapidly turned into a US military occupation of Mexico is shown as the Mexicans taking in (out of the goodness of their hearts, presumably) unarmed refugees…in which we learn that we can outrun a 200 MPH downburst of supercooled air…events that took place over months are compressed into a matter of days, for maximum slam-bang…for those who may be disturbed by the New York Public Library Scene, relax – the survivors were not so stupid that they burned the books rather than the wooden furniture…\" – 2007: Insulting my Intelligence and Yours , the Grumpy Critic, Havana Sun-Times, August 7, 2057 Footnotes 1). The story that she made it south from Alaska on a raft made from the frozen bodies of her speechwriters is generally believed to be an urban legend. ","Summary":" Author : Originally posted in Alternate History . com and all work credit to B_Munro . \"Perhaps ou"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Revenge","Author":"ChesterVGal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12658000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Excitement It was the night before the ceremony and Flint couldn't be more excited. He wanted to be a thinkquanot so badly. He wanted to prove to Chester that he was a great inventor and that he could make the world a better place. He spent his whole life looking up to Chester in hopes of being a great inventor like him, but never in his entire life did he think he'd actually be working for him. He thought it was a great honor, for he was told by one of his coworkers that not everyone got to work for Chester V at Live Corp. Only the best of the best did and Flint was one of them. It filled him with great pride to know that he was indeed special in Chester's eyes. That he saw something in him that no one else did or so he thought, for he had no idea about the real reason he was there. Unlike everyone else, Flint was there for an entirely different reason, a villainous reason, but Flint being as naïve as he is, was easily swayed by Chester's manipulative ways. He had no idea of Chester's real plan. But all of that was about to change. As Flint walked down the hall to his apartment, he saw Sam struggling to get into hers and went over to help. \"Hey Sam, do you need some help?\" he asked walking towards her. Struggling, Sam looked up and saw Flint walking towards her and said, \"H-hey Flint. Y-yea I could use some help.\" \"Alright, be right there.\" Flint said walking faster. He managed to get there just in time to catch some groceries that fell out of the bag she was holding. \"Wow, nice catch Flint!\" Sam said still struggling. \"Thanks. Guess I got here just in time.\" He said putting the groceries back in the bag. \"Here Sam, let me carry that.\" He insisted. \"Are you sure Flint?\" She asked. \"It's kinda heavy.\" She said. \"Of course, I can handle it.\" He said reassuringly. \"Alright, if you say so.\" She said while letting Flint take the bag. \"Wow, you weren't kidding.\" Flint said struggling to support the weight of the grocery bag. \"See, I told you. Let me unlock my door so you can put that down.\" She said. \"Sounds good.\" Flint said still struggling. After the conversation ended, Sam unlocked her door and her and Flint entered the apartment where Sam had to help Flint put the grocery bag on the kitchen counter. \"Thanks Flint, you're the best.\" She said before kissing him on the cheek. Flint blushed and said, \"You're welcome, I was happy to help.\" After a brief awkward silence, Sam decided to start a conversation about the vesting ceremony. \"So, you excited about the vesting ceremony?\" She asked. \"Oh boy am I ever!\" Flint said with excitement. \"I'm hoping that Chester V picks me as the next thinkquanot! It'd be beyond awesome to work beside him as a great inventor!\" He said still filled with excitement. After Flint said that, Sam started to feel different about the whole vesting ceremony. \"Yea, but Flint, you're already a great inventor. I honestly think that you don't have a prove anything to him because you're already as good as he is.\" After she said that, the conversation started to go south.\"You might see me that way, but Chester doesn't.\" Flint said negatively. \"Look, Chester is, well, he's blind if he can't see that you're already a great inventor and something tells me that he only cares about himself.\" Sam said sounding slightly irritated. \"What?! How dare you say that about him! He's not selfish!\" Flint said angrily. \"Like me, he spent his whole life trying to make the world a better place! And unlike me, he actually succeeded!\" Flint said fighting back tears. Now Sam felt really bad. She'd forgotten how fragile Flint's emotions were. \"Flint, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said those things about him, but I just feel like he's a different person on the inside. You know, like he's not the person he seems to be on the surface. I'm just a little unsure about him.\" \"I get it, I'm sure you're not the only who's thought that way about him. I'm just trying to stay on his good side.\" He said. \"I know, and you should, but just keep an eye on him. Because you never know.\" Sam said calmly. \"Yea, I know and I will. I just hope he isn't the person you say he is.\" He said. \"Yea, me too. Hey, how about we call it a night. You have a big day tomorrow.\" Sam said with a motherly tone. \"Yea, you're right. I should be getting to bed.\" Flint said feeling tired. \"Yea, you should. Good night Flint.\" She said before kissing him on the cheek again. Flint blushed and then returned the kiss. Only he kissed her on the lips. \"Good night Sam.\" He said before leaving her apartment and going to bed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Decision: Meanwhile, at Live Corp.. \"Did you make your decision yet sir?\" Barb asked sitting in her usual spot. Chester looked at her with a hint of aggravation and exhaustion. It was hard being the CEO of a global empire, which is why he drank so much coffee every day. It was pretty much the only thing that could get him through the day. Of course, he didn't consume nearly as much as his employees did, but he's never had anyone die from that, at least not yet. Not like he cared, he just didn't want to have any lawsuits on his hands. He sighed before giving his response, \"No, I haven't. I haven't even gotten through everything yet. Ugh, why did you let me do this?! This whole thinkquanot thing!\" Barb just rolled her eyes and said, \"Ugh, not this again. I keep telling you not to push yourself, but do you ever listen?! Nope! You never listen to me or anyone for that matter! If I didn't know any better, I'd say you're starting to get too old for this.\" That made Chester really angry. Standing up from behind his desk, he snapped, \"How dare you! I am not old! How dare you say such a thing!\" Before Chester could complain anymore, Barb suddenly snapped back with, \"With all due respect sir, you're 60 years old! You have at least 30 years left at best and I know for a fact that at one point during those 30 years, you won't be able to run this company anymore!\" Now Chester was furious, \"Excuse me?! For your information, I plan to run this company until the day I die! For 30 years I've been doing this and I have zero intentions of ever quitting! I brought this company to life! I was the one that made all of this possible! And may I remind you that if it wasn't for me you'd never be here!\" That made Barb go silent. He was right, if it wasn't for him she wouldn't be here. She wouldn't even be intelligent. After that, Barb just sat quietly in her chair while Chester finished his job. She'd never thought of that before. She thought, \"If Chester never would've come into my life, where would I be? Would I be in a zoo or somewhere worse?\" She didn't know, nor did she want to know. After she was done exploring her thoughts, she looked up at Chester with a sad expression and watched him work. She never meant to make him angry, she was just looking out for him and thinking about his well being. As Chester was working, he felt like someone was watching him, of course he knew it was Barb because she was the only other person in the room. When he looked up at her, she turned away. She didn't want him to see her trying to fight back tears. She couldn't think of anything to say to him until he was about to resume his task. \"I'm sorry.\" She said still turned away. That made Chester focus his attention back on her. He'd never heard anyone say that to him before. \"W-what did you say?\" She turned back towards him. \"I said I'm sorry. I was just looking out for you, because I care about you.\" He didn't know what to say. He never had anyone actually care about him before. \"Barb I-\" He couldn't figure out how to complete his sentence. \"It's okay sir, I know you're not one for words and emotion.\" Barb said trying to smile. Chester could tell she was still upset though. He sighed, \"I know I'm not exactly the friendliest person in the world if you could even call me friendly at all. I do apologize for the way I am. Sometimes I wish I was a better person.\" \"You used to be…what happened to you?\" Barb asked. Chester then diverted his gaze. \"I don't know…\" He wanted to change the subject so he went back to the decision of who's going to be Live Corp's newest thinkquanot. \"So, about who's going to be this year's thinkquanot, I think it's going to be a tough decision.\" Barb was surprised by the sudden change in subject, but decided to just go along with it. \"Huh, well I was thinking it should be Flint.\" Chester was shocked. \"Lockwood?! But why?\" \"Because, that party in a box thing he made is amazing! And you love parties! Come on, you've gotta admit that party in a box is pretty awesome.\" She said. Chester had a hard time agreeing with that, even though he did love parties. \"As true as that may be, that still doesn't make it thinkquanot worthy.\" Barb disagreed. \"Well I think his invention is more worthy than that stupid zero emission car. He deserves to be a thinkquanot, it means the world to him.\" Chester disagreed, but maybe he could benefit from having Flint closer. He thought about it for a minute before responding. \"You know what, I'll do it. You've Swayed me.\" Barb was shocked beyond belief. \"R-really sir?! You're gonna choose Flint Lockwood?\" He then grinned and said\"Yep, that way I can keep an even closer eye on him.\" Barb was starting to get frightened. \"Um…okay.\" \"Barb, I'm just kidding.\" He said reassuringly. \"I'm choosing him for the same reason I always do.\" He was lying of course, but Barb didn't know that. Everything was going according to plan, at least for now.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Ceremony It was the night of the vesting ceremony. Live Corp was very brightly lit with animated green banner that moved around the light bulb with the words \"Vesting ceremony\"On it. All of the inventors were crowded in the auditorium waiting for it to start. Out of all of them, Flint was the most excited. Nobody knew that there was a killer among them, for he was just another face in the crowd. After about 15 minutes, it finally started. There were spot lights moving across the crowd and the stage lit up as Chester and Barb made their way out. \"Good evening Live Corp!\" He shouted. \"We have built the coolest, hippest company in the world!\" He shouted while doing some crazy moves. \"As you well know, the food bar is the life blood of this company. And this year I have challenged myself to reinvent taste! Oh. In 2 short weeks, I will be releasing the new food bar, version 8.0!\" He shouted with pride as he projected the image of the new food bar out into the audience. The killer, watching his every move quietly said, \"not this time old man.\" He pulled his gun out from its hiding place and got it ready. Flint excitedly watched Chester on the stage below until he saw something reflecting from the audience below him. He knew that type of reflection anywhere, it was from something made out of metal. He located the source of the reflection and saw that it was coming from someone in a cloak. His first thought was, \"Chester V's in trouble! I've gotta get down there, but how?\" Then he saw Barb and tried to signal her of the appending danger so she could warn Chester, but he failed. So then he decided to just sneak down so he could stop it himself, but he didn't know how he was going to do it without Chester seeing him. In the end, he just decided to wing it. He started by nonchalantly sliding down out of his chair onto the floor. He then somehow managed to get down to where the killer was without arousing any suspicion. He then waited for the right moment. \"And now for the moment you've all been waiting for, it's time to announce this year's newest, Live Corp thinkquanot!\" Chester shouted as a thinkquanot vest rose up from the stage. \"I have received thousands of invention submissions! And today one of them will be deemed thinkquanot worthy!\" He said before taking the card that Barb was holding for him. \"Thank you, Barb.\" That's when the killer struck. He aimed his gun at Chester, but before he could shoot Flint sprung into action. \"NOOOOO!!!\" He screamed as he tackled the mysterious person to the ground. The cloaked figure shot at Chester just as he was falling to the ground. The bullet struck Chester right in the chest and he dropped the card right before falling onto the ground. Everyone was screaming and Flint looked up in horror and he was Barb on her knees next to Chester who wasn't moving. \"Oh, no…Chester!!\" He said as he ran onto the stage. Chester's skin was pale and he was still. He also didn't appear to be breathing. Flint tried to listen for a heartbeat, but his vest was too thick so he had to unzip it. After he unzipped it he tried again and heard a very faint heartbeat. Chester was barely alive. He immediately called for an ambulance and waited for them to arrive. As he waited, he kept an eye on Chester's vitals. He put a hand on his chest where his heart was and it felt weaker than before. Flint looked a Barb with a grim expression. \"I think we might lose him…\" Barb didn't like the sound of that, she put her face in her hands and started sobbing. She couldn't lose him, she just couldn't. He was her only friend. \"Flint…he-he can't die, h-he's my best friend, he's m-my only friend.\" Flint's sadness quickly turned to rage and determination. \"I won't let that happen. I'll find whoever did this and bring them to justice and no matter what, I will make sure Chester lives. I promise.\" \"Thank you Flint, but….I know who did it.\" Barb said nervously. \"What, you do? Who did this?\" Flint asked astonished. \"It…it was Lucius …\" She said. Now Flint was confused. \"Lucius? Who's Lucius?\" Before Barb could answer, the paramedics arrived and took Chester away. It was then Barb realized what she was going to have to do now. \"Well it looks like I'm going to have to do something that I've never done in past 30 years. I'm going to have to run Live Corp.\" Flint asked, \"What, why you?\" \"Because I'm second in command and in the event that the CEO can't preform his duty, it's up to the second in command to take his place. And in this case, that'd be me since Chester is clearly out of commission. I just hope this isn't permanent.\" Barb explained. \"Flint, could you do me a favor?\" She asked. \"Well, of course. What is it?\" Asked Flint. \"Please visit Chester in the hospital. I don't want him to be alone.\" Said Barb. \"Don't worry, I will. I was about to go there anyway.\" Flint said reassuringly. \"Thank you. I'll try to keep things running here as best as I can.\" Said Barb. After that, they both started to leave the now empty auditorium when Flint stepped on something. It was the card with the name of the next thinkquanot. He picked it up and immediately noticed that it had some blood on it. He was tempted to open it, but he didn't think that he should. That was when Barb said, \"Go ahead, open it.\" He just didn't feel like he should, but he did it anyway. And when he opened it, he immediately burst into tears. He felt like Chester could die because of him. His attention was immediately diverted when Barb walked up to him with the thinkquanot vest in hand. Seeing that vest only made him feel worse. \"Barb, I can't take that….not anymore.\" That's when Barb asked,\"But, why? You've earned it, it's yours.\" Not wanting to argue about it, he took the vest, but he couldn't bring himself to put it on. He felt good knowing that he was now a thinkquanot, but he also felt bad at the same time. He didn't want to be one without Chester. \"I gotta go. I'm going to see if I can get in to see Chester. And…I gotta make a call.\" Said Flint. \"Okay, I'll of course be here if you need anything. I would visit Chester, but seeing as I'm an ape they wouldn't let me.\"Said Barb. \"Thanks, and if they don't let me in tonight, I'll go tomorrow.\" He said. \"Alright, I just hope he's going to be okay.\" She said with sadness in her voice. \"Yea, me too…\" Replied Flint with the same tone. With that, Barb went up to Chester's office and Flint left on his way to the hospital. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Excitement It was the night before the ceremony and Flint couldn't be more excited. He w"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Planet of the Pies","Author":"battybydesign","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10989106","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The day started like any other. Now that no heinous criminals had been there to barricade their attempts to better the world with awesome inventions, Sparkswood had flourished. With each new invention, experiment, and sometimes mission, a new extension to the building or machine would be added. Oh, and one more thing... there were three new lab members. The first was Flint and Sam's four-year-old boy, nicknamed Nicky (after Nikola Tesla of course). He had a small mop of strawberry blonde hair that occasionally needed to be tamed and brilliant blue eyes. He was a child of few words, but it seemed like he always found something messy to play in, as there was an abundance of mess in Sparkswood Labs. Typically he wore a slightly-too-big pair of overalls over a t-shirt, and preferred to run barefoot, but could be wrestled into a pair of velcro sneakers if need be. The second was Cal. He had come into puberty a short while ago and shot up like a sapling. He now stood at his father's shoulder, although he still wore the fashionable parka indoors and still had kind of a \"whatever\" attitude (but he looked up to him even more than he had as a kid). Then there was Opal. She and Nicky seemed like the best of friends, since they only had a three-year age difference. She had her father, Earl's eyes and wore her hair naturally, though a bit longer than her mother Regina's. Her absolute favorite things to wear were a magenta hooded sweatshirt, a tutu, and a pair of slipper boots she'd gotten for her birthday one year. She loved to dance, and especially loved to practice with her mom and dad. Flint hummed a bit as he swayed from side to side in front of the stove. Brent, who ran the Chik'N Sushi farm around back, had shorn the Susheep this morning and gathered some eggs for their breakfast. Manny had procured some salsa that he'd canned last summer, and it was these three ingredients that made up the contents of the two pans that he flipped every so often with each hand. Nicky sat on his shoulders and hummed along with his dad, albeit a bit off-rhythm. Finally, Flint turned around with both pans in hand. \"Bwekfast foh EVWYONE!\" Nicky cried joyfully as he climbed off his dad's shoulders, onto the counter, and then off the counter onto the floor. \"Good morning Sparkswood!\" Flint shouted as enthusiastically as Nicky did. The first to appear was Sam. She'd come from upstairs with an armful of papers and notebooks, a disheveled ponytail and pajamas, and the glasses she'd been accustomed to wearing. \"Flint!\" she greeted him with a kiss. \"You HAVE to see this! I've been designing prototypes for parts of a vehicle that could one day be used as a rocket!\" She pulled out one sheet of graph paper among the pile she held and handed it to her husband. He grinned in response and hugged Sam tightly. \"That's amazing, Sam! We should get started immediately –\" He started to sprint towards the lab, but his wife stopped him by clutching the collar of his labcoat. \"Not yet, silly! We should at least eat this delicious breakfast you made. Don't you think?\" The wild-haired inventor sheepishly sat down in one of the chairs surrounding their huge glass table. \"Uh-h-huh, yeah.\" Manny quietly appeared in a chair across the table from Flint, Sam, and Nicky, who were seated together in a clump on one end. Brent crashed through the doorway and sat next to Nicky. \"How ya doin' this morning, little buddy?\" Nicky looked at him, cocked his head to one side, and smiled. \"Good morning, Flint, Sam, Nicky!\" Earl said as he entered with Regina, Cal, and Opal in tow. Nicky took a seat next to Sam, and waved to Nicky from where she sat. Several foodimals peeked in from the ceiling, including Barry. \"En-woooo!\" they called cheerfully. \"Saspa!\" Sam looked up and smiled at Barry. \"Come on down, guys... there's plenty to go around!\" Before long, everyone had a steaming plate of breakfast burrito. Flint stuffed his mouth full and turned to Sam. \"Tham, you thould thow evewyone your wocket dethignth,\" he said around the bite. She sighed. Earl gave Flint the stink eye. \"Flint, that's disgustin'. Don't talk with your mouth full.\" He swallowed and gulped. \"Sorry.\" Sam pulled out her blueprints and opened her mouth to talk, but suddenly... \"Sparkswood, you have a call! Sparkswood, you have a call!\" \"I'll get it!\" cried Brent excitedly, leaping out of his chair so enthusiastically that it tipped over and crashed on the floor. Sam sat back and folded her fingers together to wait until Brent got back to the table. Nobody could hear what Brent was saying, not even Opal or Nicky, who were trying to listen with wide eyes, breakfast forgotten. \"WHAT?!\" They all heard from the other room. Brent came rushing back into the room. \"GUYS!\" he yelled, flailing his arms. \"We got a call from the PRIME MINISTER OF GREAT BRITAIN!\"[Chapter 2] Hi, it's me again. Sorry about putting this off for so long! The truth is that I'm not too great at writing and I find it difficult. I just want MOAR content! Here's the story continued, as best I can remember. \"What?!\" Sam exclaimed. \"For… for what?\" \"So, there's like some kinda space… deal? And there's new, science-y critters in space? That you guys would know about? Uhhhh, I think one of you nerds better talk to her.\" \"Can I?\" Flint asked excitedly, his mouth full of another bite of food. \"Can I, can I? Pweeeeeth?\" The blonde meteorologist shot her husband the look. \"Brent, I better get it.\" After a few minutes, and Opal having a very heated conversation with her brother, Cal, about what a \"space deal\" meant exactly and where Great Britain was located in the world, Sam came back into the room, her eyes alight. \"Okay, guys, Brent pretty much had it! Apparently, the United Kingdom is starting to experiment with space travel and discovered what might be foodimals in outer space. If it's true, it's a scientific marvel, a groundbreaking discovery! And also they would need to be re-homed, since they're living right in the path of the space equipment. As it is, they are approaching the International Space Station, but our country, sadly, isn't really interested in space travel these days.\" Flint took a serious look in his eyes and leaped up on the table, arching over and leaning on his hands. \"Sam, are you serious?\" He asked quietly, his eyes twinkling. \"Because if so, your rocket plans would be PERFECT! Oh, this is going to be so much FUN! Nicky is going to SPACE! We're ALL going to SPACE! This is the greatest –\" \"Actually, Flint, I… I don't think it's a good idea for Nicky to go.\" She thought for a minute, about the first time they had met any food in space… the food genetically engineered to protect the FLDSMDFR, even if it went looking for their blood. She gulped before continuing. \"And that means that, well,\" Sam offered her husband a sympathetic look, \"I don't think you can go either.\" The whole party deflated, and Flint's eyes welled up with tears. He suddenly found it very hard to wolf down his breakfast, and looked away from the table. \"A scientiriffic expedition without Flint? It just ain't happenin'!\" Earl cried. \"Whaaaaat Sam? But we NEED all nerds on deck!\" Brent argued. Barb nodded at this. \"The mission wouldn't be the same without him,\" she said. \"But Mommy, I do wanna go to space though,\" Nicky's eyes filled with tears, too. \"Look, I'm sorry, sweethearts.\" Tim offered up the best thing he knew: advice and a helping hand. \"Well, if it's a matter of keeping the little skipper safe, well, I, I can do that. I don't need to go to space and can't really help with all that techno stuff.\" \"Well,\" Sam came around the table and put one hand on the brown-haired inventor's shoulder, and used her other hand to guide his chin to look at her, \"every time that you've been on a major adventure, you've either gotten seriously hurt or almost killed. Remember your punctured lung and pneumonia? You were in the hospital for months after that. I can't afford to lose you. Nicky needs you… I need you.\" She punctuated this last thought with another kiss, landing it on his forehead. \"That was years ago…this isn't fair,\" he grumbled. \"Look, it's not like we can't ever go to space again. We just need to make sure that these foodimals are okay, and then we can go back. I already have the rocket blueprints, and we can just work from those.\" Flint perked up immediately. He had an idea… hmm, but better not let Sam know. He'd be in trouble for sure. \"Okay,\" he agreed. \"Here, let's perk ourselves up! After we finish our breakfast, and I take a shower, we can all go to the beach and play with the foodimals… okay?\" \"YAYYY!\" Nicky and Opal clasped hands and jumped up and down as they cheered.[Chapter 3] Man, I really gotta write this stuff down. I've gone through my two older sketchbooks and can't find anything! So here, have a beach episode. I'll find my sketches eventually. The Sparkswood laboratory was so huge that one of the back doors led straight out to the sandy and beautiful beaches of Swallow Falls. The ecosystem had the FLDSMDFR to thank for its sudden change from misty and gray to tropical island, and the lab members had never felt so great as when they began to call this new-even-to-the-original-residents place home. Nicky was the first to jump out, with two water wings attached to each of his arms, but Opal wasn't too far behind. Her tutu had even been made into a waterproof version thanks to Flint's quick work, and they laughed as they headed straight for the water. The rest of the lab members began pouring out of the door, chattering and giggling and chuckling as they appeared in their various swimsuits. Flint had a hard time taking off his lab coat even when the situation permitted that he must, but Sam had convinced him to hang it nearby so that it wouldn't get soaked. They then headed for the shallow end of the water, where Nicky was splashing about. Manny set up a lifeguard's chair near the water and proceeded to watch everyone like a hawk, keeping his closest eye on the kids. Earl and Regina dashed after Opal, and Cal shuffled behind. Tim hadn't changed his outfit at all other than to grab a hat and vest, but had simply grabbed a fishing pole and set up on the dock nearby. Barb felt most in her element in the trees, and climbed one to relax in the sun. Steve climbed a nearby tree and watched from a safe distance. Brent decided to jump straight into a deeper part of the water and created a huge splash from the force of his cannonball. \"Waves!\" Steve cried. Flint playfully splashed his wife and son as they both laughed. \"Look out, Flint! Here comes a tsunami!\" Sam roared. Using both her arms, she scooped into the water quickly to create a wave of great proportion. Flint was swept over and fell into the water from the force. Gasping, he stood and lowered his arms in a similar position to return the favor, but Sam shook her head and raised one finger. \"Flint, dear, that's dangerous. Nicky is right here.\" \"No fair!\" He stuck out his tongue. She stuck out her tongue, too. Mimicking his parents, Nicky stuck out his tongue, too, and blew a raspberry. Laughing, Flint decided to give up the game and clambered ashore. He found his lab coat pinned to a nearby tree and fished through the pockets until he found a waterproof notepad and pen (of his own invention) and his waterproof smartphone. He grabbed a pool float from the closet nearest the door and headed once again to the water. He plopped inside the center of the pool float and pushed off using his foot on the sand. He scrolled through his smartphone and made some notes. \"Researching! Sketching! Coming up with ideas!\" he whispered to himself. Sam watched and shook her head. \"Flint, I know you love inventing, but you should come play with us! We're having a lot of fun without you…\" She tossed him a beach ball, but it simply banked off his shoulder. \"Mmm-hmm,\" he said absentmindedly, continuing to make small notes. \"What are you working on, anyway?\" Sam came over and squinted her eyes at him and tried to peer at his notebook. \"Uh! Nothing! It's a surprise!\" Flint held the notebook to his chest defiantly. \"You're not trying to sneak out into space with us, are you?\" \"N-n-no! Of c-course not!\" Sam turned her piercing gaze to his eyes now. He had trouble keeping eye contact, but finally managed to look her in the eyes. \"Well… alright then. I'll leave you to it! But you really should come play with us!\" \"Ball!\" Steve shouted, having come to play in the water. The ball was once again lobbed towards Flint, but this time it banked against his head, startling him. With a shout, he fell into the water! \"Oh no! Flint!\" \"Daddy!\" A piercing whistle broke across the water, and Manny dived in after him. As they surfaced, Flint's eyes opened shakily, and he coughed a few times. \"Are you okay?\" Manny asked. \"Yeah, I think so. Thanks, Manny.\" \"Anytime, amigo.\" Sam hadn't thought about the notebook while her husband was in danger, but Manny had thought to swoop it up along with his smartphone. He casually handed them back to Flint. \"Uncle Flint, are you okay?\" Opal had abandoned her sand castle with her parents and now looked concerned. \"Perfectly fine!\" She grinned at that response. \"Good! Can I play with Nicky?\" \"Oh sweetheart, of course you can. I'll be along shortly.\" Flint pocketed both items and dove for a second to resurface inside the pool float, then paddled over to where his family and Opal were playing with the beach ball. Brent and Earl came over as well, and Regina went to go sit with Tim. The lab members played for the rest of the morning, and Tim had caught a nice stack of fish. He went inside the lab with his prize, but not before bellowing, \"Lunchtime!\" ","Summary":" The day started like any other. Now that no heinous criminals had been there to barricade their att"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Snowy What If's","Author":"andromeda90","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5586164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, these are all separate drabbles!! They are not in any specific order and do not follow each other…these are just drabbles that I wrote when I didn't have internet and I have here in my computer…decided to finally post them up… Hope you enjoy them! and remember, each are separate random drabbles…. Pairing for all drabbles: Sam/JD and some Laura/Brian Warning: Slash, and randomness Notes: I made up JD's little brother's name….just picked a random name… ……………….. ……………………….. Make You a Promise …… He couldn't bear being inside anymore. He leaned his forehead on the window pane, enjoying the coolness upon his forehead. His breath fogged up the glass, his brown eyes searching for any sign of life out in the snow. He knew he was not going to see anything, but he would rather be there, then inside, with the others. He sometimes wondered if they would care, if he were to just get up and leave; probably not. He was a rich white boy, who had no idea about the world. He wouldn't be missed. He wondered at night, if his brother missed him….if his brother had made it out alright. Was he lucky enough like he was, to be with people like Ryan, Lara, and Sam? J.D. smiled sadly, making his way down the hall to an empty room. He curled up on the sofa, shuddering as the cold hit his body. The sofa was freezing, but J.D. was not ready to go back, not yet. His mind was still reeling with too many thoughts, too many nightmares, dreams, plans; none that helped at the moment, none that mattered anymore. J.D. sighed, leaning his head back, eyes fluttering shut as fatigue took him. The wind howled outside, a sad smile played on his lips. He clutched tightly to his cell phone, wanting to turn it on but knowing he had to safe battery, he didn't. He was alone…. \"J.D? You idiot, you better wake up!\" J.D. just groaned, tiredly. \"Go away, Joshua, let me sleep.\" Only silence reigned, and suddenly J.D. remembered everything. His eyes snapped opened. Sam sat next to him, eyes looking sadly down at him. \"What?...what are you doing here?\" J.D. croaked, eyes glassing over, hands shaking. He tried to put his cell phone away, but his hands were shaking too much. \"It's okay.\" Sam reached over and helped him, placing the cell phone into J.D.'s pocket. \"You were gone for a long time, I got worried and came looking for you.\" Sam answered J.D.'s question, taking his hands into his, trying to share some of his warmth. J.D. nodded, taking deep breathes. \"I guess we should go back.\" J.D. muttered, pulling his hands away and sitting up. He didn't want to get up, but it was best to head back to the warmth. Sam placed a hand on his arm, before he could walk out of the room. \"He'll be okay. We'll get out of here and you'll see him again. Trust me. I promise.\" Sam said, looking directly into his eyes. J.D. found himself flushing at the intensity of the stare. He couldn't keep himself from smiling softly and nodding. \"Thank you.\" J.D. muttered back, before walking out the room, going back to join the rest of the group. Sam smiled softly, walking behind him. ………………………. It Is About the Friendship ……. J.D. immediately moved in between the two. \"Will you two stop it!\" J.D. hissed, keeping the two apart. \"Why didn't you tell me?!\" \"What was I suppose to say?! Oh, by the way, Laura likes me!\" \"Yes!!\" \"Would you have believed me?!\" \"Better knowing the truth then you hiding it from me!\" \"Now you know!\" \"Yeah! Seeing you two kissed!!\" J.D. was getting pissed, but he was not jealous that Sam was too overworked over this incident. Not jealous at all. \"Look, Laura is still sick. Everyone is on their last nerve; can you two please shut up and deal with this like the adults you two should be?\" J.D. snapped, dragging the two farther away from the others. \"Now, so Laura likes Brian and apparently Brian likes Laura. Brian should have told you, but he didn't. Nothing changes the fact that Laura does not like you. Brian, you and Sam are the best of pals and should have told him. You didn't. Do not let this get between your friendships. Now you two will settle this here, and come back when you two have grown up.\" J.D. rolled his eyes and stormed back. Sam and Brian just watched as J.D. walked off. \"Jeezh, didn't know J.D. had it in him.\" Brian shook his head, amused. \"You have no idea what J.D. is capable of.\" Sam snorted, causing Brian to look at him with a raised eyebrow. \"What?\" \"Oh….\" Sam let out a nervous chuckled, \"guess I forgot to mention how J.D. is my boyfriend….?\" Brian stared at him, before laughing. \"Then why are you so riled up about Laura?\" \"Because it is not about her, it is about you being my friend and telling me.\" Sam sighed. Brian nodded understandingly. \"I'm sorry man, I was at fault for not telling you. Not happening again, I swear it.\" Brian vowed. \"Same here, concerning J.D.\" Sam smiled. They shook hands, unable to keep from laughing as they walked back. J.D. was helping Laura with her medicine, both sighed in relief when they saw the two best friends walk in. \"So, you two have settled your differences?\" J.D. raised an eyebrow while Laura just watched and laughed as the two nodded, like two little kids being admonished. Brian grinned and placed a quick peck on Laura's cheek, causing her to flush in embarrassment. \"So cute.\" J.D. teased, only to be silenced by lips pressing against his. \"Sam!\" J.D. pushed him away, his face bright red. \"How cute!\" Laura teased back. Sam and Brian laughed, while J.D. just glared mockingly at Sam. …………………….. …………………………………… Meeting the In-law ……………… Sam sighed, walking around tents and cars. Things had stabilize a bit, there was no more snow falling. It was still chilly, so people everywhere wore their coats. Sam himself didn't worry too much about the cold, having faced a lot worst being stuck in New York. However, his parents forced the coat and scarf upon him, even if he did feel too warm in them, he kept them on. Everyone huddled together, hugging each other, laughing, talking. Life was moving on, people still hopeful that things will get better. Sam smiled wistfully, watching as little kids ran around. \"Watch out!\" Sam looked up and immediately caught the bear thrown towards him. He inspected it, before looking at the sheepish boy, walking over to him. Sam frowned, because the boy looked awfully familiar. \"I'm sorry, mister.\" The boy shuffled his feet, nervously. \"It's okay, don't worry about it….\" \"Joshua!\" a familiar voice cut Sam off. Sam looked up, feeling his heart speed up as J.D. came into view. \"Brother!\" the little boy cried out, rushing over to him. \"Hey! I told you to stay where I could see you! Are you getting into trouble again?\" J.D. admonished him, picking him up and twirling him around, before putting him back down. J.D. looked over at Sam, eyes widening a big, a soft flush staining his cheeks, suddenly. \"Sam, is my little brother causing you trouble?\" J.D. inquired, walking over to Sam. \"Not at all, so this is your brother?\" Sam looked down at Joshua. \"Yeap, Joshua this is Sam, the reason I am alive. Sam, this is Joshua, my little brother, the only reason I live for.\" J.D. introduced the two, ruffling Joshua's hair. \"Nice to meet you Joshua. Here you go.\" Sam gave Joshua's bear back. \"I haven't seen you around lately J.D.\" Sam said, looking back at J.D., frowning. \"Been busy with-\" \"No you haven't big brother! You've just been talking to Brian and Laura, matchmaking! Besides that, you've just been moping in your bed!\" Joshua spoke up, glaring at his brother for lying. \"You've talked to Laura and Brian?\" Sam asked, voice laced with hurt. Brian and Laura hadn't told him they had talked to J.D. and how come J.D. didn't talk to him? \"Joshua, why don't you go and find Laura and Brian and see if they want to join, Sam, you and I for lunch?\" J.D. pushed Joshua off, while Joshua was glad to be off again. \"Oh, we are having lunch now? After you've been avoiding me and ignoring me?\" Sam glared at J.D. arms crossed in front of his chest. \"Sam, don't pout, it is not becoming of you. Besides, I'm sorry but Laura and Brian just come into my tent, it is not like I go and search for them. They just pop in, besides, I do have an injured leg.\" J.D. motioned to his bandaged leg. \"Oh, my mom told me on a cast for a day or two. Are you feeling better? Should you be walking?\" Sam asked, immediately going over to J.D.'s side. \"Sam! I'm fine, really, would you just stop it.\" J.D. scoffed, glaring at him. Hurt flashed on Sam's face. \"Look, Sam….things are complicated okay….\" \"I thought you liked me….\" \"I do….it is just….you liked Laura and Laura got with Brian….and then you like me? I just….don't know what to think….\" J.D. admitted, but he slung his arm over Sam's shoulders. \"J.D. you are not rebound-\" \"Sam, things are too early, how about we start we lunch and see where life takes us? Besides, you have to get to know Joshua first, see if he approves of you.\" J.D. said, motioning for Sam to help him get to the cafeteria. Sam just grinned and waved as Brian, Laura and Joshua came into view. \"I'm sure I can get Joshua to approve of me.\" Sam muttered, causing J.D. to laugh and blush. Life was good for now. ……………………….. ………………………………… On Purpose ……… \"Hello, J.D. how are you feeling?\" \"I'm doing good, Doctor Hall.\" J.D. said, looking up at Lucy as she walked into the room. \"Call me Mom!\" Lucy teased, enjoying watching J.D. turn a dark shade of red. \"Now, how about we get the pants off so I can get a look on your leg.\" J.D. nodded and did as told, shuddering at the cold as it hit his bare legs. Lucy took off the bandages and made sure the bite marks were healing nicely. They had made sure to have given him a shot of rabies, just in case. \"Hey, Mom!\" Sam said, head poking into the room, causing J.D. to flush, all over his body. Lucy looked up at Sam with a raised eyebrow. \"Sam!\" J.D. snapped, causing Sam to stop staring at J.D. bare legs. \"I didn't know you were coming in, J.D.\" Sam said, beginning to walk into the room. \"Sam, could you please leave the room. He is my patient, even if he is your boyfriend.\" Lucy retorted, causing Sam to pout but leave the room. \"My son, don't know what has gotten over him. He had always been so shy.\" Lucy sighed, bandaging the leg and allowing J.D. to get dress. \"I thought he was shy once too, how wrong I was.\" J.D. grumbled. Lucy laughed. \"just like his father.\" Lucy grinned, writing J.D. prescription. \"Here you go, remember to take this with food, alright honey? Hope to see you for dinner!\" Lucy said pushing J.D. out before going back to work. \"J.D.!\" Sam said, arms going immediately around J.D's waist. \"Sam, really? You do that on purpose.\" J.D. grumbled but did not pull away from Sam's hold. \"Maybe, now come on, we are suppose to meet Laura and Brian for lunch.\" …………………. …………………….. Comfort When it Rains ……. J.D. stared out the window, watching as the rain pelted against the glass. Brian had been right, it had been raining for three days, nonstop. Many streets were flooded. He turned around and walked back to the sofa, the only light coming from a tiny lamp sitting next to the phone. Everyone else had gone to sleep. Laura had taken his parents room. Brian was sleeping in his little brother's room, while Sam took his own room. J.D. wondered why it were that there were no guest rooms; however, J.D. was okay with sleeping out in the sofa. If he even managed to get much sleep. He knew his family was not the closest, after all, his father was never around. He loved his little brother, though, and all the happenings that have been going on had really beginning to cause a lot of anxiety in J.D. He was praying for his little brother, the one person in his life he cared for. \"Joshua?\" J.D. muttered as he marked his little brother. He had been trying to call him, but it had not been going through. He knew it was the weather. \"J.D?\" came his little brother's sleepy reply. \"Hey, I'm sorry I am calling so late. I had to make sure you were alright.\" J.D. smiled, unable to keep the relief from showing in his voice. \"I was worried about you too big brother! Are you coming home soon?\" Joshua asked, voice scared. \"Don't you worry, I'll be home tomorrow, alright? You behave and take care of yourself. Okay?\" J.D. warned Joshua, who nodded on the other side. \"Good night, big brother.\" \"Good night, little brother, I love you.\" J.D. said, before hanging up. He sighed and leaned back on the sofa. \"I'll see you soon.\" He muttered under his breath. \"You and your brother are really close?\" J.D. looked up, startled. \"Sam? What are you doing up?\" J.D. stood up, \"do you need anything?\" he asked, being the good host that he was. Sam sighed and shook his head. \"Come, J.D, you need to sleep so you can be well rested to see your little brother.\" Sam said, moving back into the room. J.D. just stared at the door, until Sam looked back outside with a frown. \"Come on, it is only getting more late.\" Sam grumbled, moving back to the bed. J.D shook his head, but turned off the lamp and went into the bedroom. He had a queen size bed, of course he did. His little brother would often sleep on his bed with him when there was a storm or he had a nightmare. J.D. sighed, kicking off his shoes and climbing into the bed. \"What happened to your mom?\" Sam asked, turning off the lights and getting under the covers. Neither spoke about them two, sharing the bed. \"She died of cancer when my little brother was four. I've been taking care of him since she died.\" J.D. muttered, body turned so he was facing Sam. \"I'm sorry.\" Sam muttered, watching as J.D. closed his eyes. Neither of the two was willing to talk about two guys sleeping on a bed. \"Night.\" J.D. muttered, quickly falling into a deep sleep. Sam watched as J.D.'s breath evened out. He wouldn't bring this up, but he would never forget how J.D. looked, peaceful and asleep. Sam smiled, unable to keep his eyes open for much longer. \"Night.\" He muttered, falling into a deep slumber. ………………………….. Sam woke up before J.D., their faces inches apart. It was barely 6 in the morning. For some reason, Sam wondered what it would be like to wake up seeing JD's face every morning. He ignored that thought and pushed it from his mind. He was going home and that would be the end of it. ……………………………. …………………………. You Have No Idea …………… \"Where is Laura? Wasn't she just here?\" Brian asked, looking around for her, stopping on the steps of the library, people rushing past them. \"There she is!\" J.D. said, pointing over to where Lara was helping an officer. \"Go inside!\" Sam snapped at them, before rushing forward for Laura. \"Wait! Where are you going?!\" Brian cried out. \"Go inside! I'll get Laura!\" Sam hollered at them as he jumped back into the water, jumping over the taxis. J.D. bit his lip, filled with anguish. Sam really hoped that J.D. and Brian went inside the library, he couldn't risk them, especially, J.D. Sam felt guilt as he took Laura's hand, helping her over the taxis. His mind thought of J.D's safety when before all he thought of was Laura. He looked up to see J.D. holding Brian back, pulling him into the library. He felt a rush of jealousy, but pushed it aside as he tugged Laura inside. Everyone ran up the library, rushing up the stairs to the upper levels. ……………………. \"That was really brave of you,\" Laura smiled at him. Sam would have fawned over here before, now, he wasn't sure what he felt for her anymore. Not after that night. \"I guess I should return her bag.\" She smiled, before walking away. \"You should tell her you feel.\" Sam turned and looked at J.D., whose hair was disheveled, who made his heart skip a beat. How could he tell him that he didn't know what he felt for Laura anymore, not when it was him who plagued his mind? It was preposterous, he knew that….but he couldn't help it. \"Hmm….have you had any luck reaching your little brother?\" Sam asked, changing the topic. J.D.s face fell, eyes brimming with worry. \"No, no luck.\" He sighed, voice filled with pain that made Sam want to hug him. It then clicked in him, pay phones! They draw lines directly from the telephone company! ……………………… …………………………………… I'm Going Crazy with This Secret ……… J.D. turned around and stared at Sam, eyes wide, while Sam just looked at him with an innocent face. J.D. knew what he had felt, and there was no one else but Sam around. J.D. decided to ignore it. It must have been an accident. ……………………………. J.D. found himself wrapped around Sam's arms, again. How did they end up like that? J.D. was sure that Sam had been over by Laura's side, hadn't he? Sam sighed and pulled J.D. closer into his chest. And just how had Sam wrapped his arms around J.D. without having J.D. notice and wake up? J.D. sighed and just relaxed, deciding it was still too early and cold for him to worry about Sam's weird antics. He woke up later by himself, with Sam over by Laura's side. Maybe, J.D. was going crazy. Sam looked up and smiled at him, before winking and turning back to look at the fire. Or maybe he was not going crazy. ……………………… J.D. was sure that their lips were not meant to touch, ever. Sam and Laura, that he could see. Lara and Brian, could happen. Even Sam and Brian, there was possibility. Him and Sam? Never crossed his mind. Sam pushed him against the wall. J.D. was unsure of what to do, his hands remained locked to his sides. \"Sam, what are you doing?\" J.D. asked him, after Sam pulled back. \"What do you think?\" Sam muttered, moving back in for another kiss. This time, J.D. push back just a bit, deciding that maybe, just one kiss wouldn't be any harm. ………………………. J.D. stared out the window, watching as the snow fell down upon the ground. Arms wrapped around his waist, a chin rested on his shoulder. \"Hmm, you shouldn't be out here in the cold, you are going to get sick.\" Sam muttered, starring out at the snow. \"Just felt like looking at the snow. It is still beautiful, but deadly.\" J.D. sighed, gloved hand reaching up to touch the glass. Sam smiled softly and placed his hand on top of J.D.'s, locking them together. \"Sam! J.D.!\" Immediately Sam pulled away and walked brusquely back. \"Come on J.D.! Before you catch a cold!\" He called out, voice a bit higher so the others could hear him. J.D. just rolled his eyes but walked back nonetheless. …………………………. J.D. winced as he moved his leg. That damn wolf sure had done a number on his leg. Just why were there wild wolves in New York? J.D. sighed and leaned his head back. Everyone was out, after a very exciting day, of course everyone was out. At least, Laura seemed to be getting better. J.D. did not think about Sam, who risked everything for her, and for whom he almost lost a leg for. He really needed to focus his mind and instead of thinking about crushes, should think about his little brother. \"J.D?\" J.D. opened his eyes, and tiredly moved his head to look at Sam. \"Hmm?\" \"How is your leg?\" \"Fine.\" J.D. muttered, closing his eyes again. He winced when he felt Sam move him, so he could wrap his arms around him. J.D. did not protest, deciding to let Sam do as he wished. He was too tired and in too much pain to really care at the moment. …………………………. J.D. smiled, looking up at the sky. \"Hey, J.D. your brother here is making another mess!\" J.D. turned and smiled at his friend, who had been taking care of Joshua for him. \"Thank you, Amy. The doctor gave me a good bill of health, so you can go rest now.\" He grinned. \"No problem! Any time!\" Amy hugged him and kissed his cheek. \"Hey,\" Sam walked in at that exact time. \"Sam!\" J.D. said, surprised to see him there. \"So you are Sam! I am Amy! J.D.'s friend and I guess, nanny.\" Amy winked at J.D. \"Nice to meet you,\" Sam shrugged. \"Well, J.D. don't be a stranger.\" Amy grinned, before rushing out. \"She seems nice,\" Sam said looking at J.D. with a raised eyebrow. \"If I did not know better I would say you were jealous, thank god I know you better, right?\" J.D. rolled his eyes, moving over to his bed. \"J.D.\" Sam sighed, shifting his weight nervously from foot to foot. Sam strode over and pressed his lips to J.D's, causing him to fall back on his bed startled. Sam fell along with him. At this moment, Brian and Laura and Joshua decided to walk in. \"Whoa! Let's go back outside!\" Brian said, while Laura covered Joshua's eyes. \"Wait! It's not what it looks like!\" J.D. cried out, pushing Sam aside. \"Just because they interrupted us before anything else could happen.\" Sam grumbled under his breath. \"It's okay, we'll take care of Joshua!\" Laura said, pushing Joshua and Brian outside. \"Great…..\" J.D. plopped back down next to Sam. \"They weren't that shocked.\" J.D. mused. \"Yeah, I just wish I could have kept you my dirty little secret for a bit longer.\" Sam muttered, nuzzling into J.D.s neck. J.D. just rolled his eyes. …………………… ………………………………… Embarrassment ……………….. J.D. slipped under the first flap that he saw, trying to hold still, and hide from his little brother. He took a few steps back and turned around after hearing his little footsteps lead away. Sam sat there, in the middle of the room, in a bed, half naked. Ooops. \"I'm sorry, I am playing hide and seek and this was the first place I saw.\" J.D. flushed, averting his eyes. Sam just chuckled and stood up. \"You act as if you've never seen me half naked before.\" Sam teased, walking over to him. J.D. just scoffed and crossed his arms in front of his chest. \"I'll have you know I am not a pervert like you.\" Sam laughed as J.D. turned up his nose, resembling very much the preppy, rich boy he used to be. \"Well, I still have time to corrupt you.\" Sam purred, leaning closer into J.D.'s body. \"Sam! My brother!\" J.D. hissed, eyes going to the entrance of the tent. \"It is not like he does not know I am your boyfriend.\" \"Still….\" J.D. muttered, much to Sam's adoration, because J.D. looked so cute all embarrassed. …………………….. ………………………………… The End…………. ……………………………. So there you go, my drabbles….yep, I'm a Sam/JD fanatic….don't ask me why, I have no idea myself!! Hahaha, hope you enjoyed them at least!!! Review and tell me what ya think!! Wish there were more Sam/JD stories…..sigh….oh well….much love and happy holidays!![Chapter 2] Sam was watching as J.D. helped another group of kids go through their physical. Everyone was getting regular check ups, to make sure every one was healthy. Every one was so packed together, it was better to be safe than sorry. It was inevitable that they would get sick at some point, because it is natural, but with their housing and living arrangements, it would really lower the strength of every person in the tents. \"You need to relax, Sam.\" Laura said as she joined Sam, looking over at J.D. \"Any word of his little brother?\" Sam asked, turning to look at her. J.D. had been worried sick for his little brother. He hasn't sleep much or eaten much. Sam was worried that J.D. wouldn't be able to make it if it turned out that his little brother had not made it. Sam kept trying to give him hope. Sam had promised J.D. that he would see his little brother again, and Sam was willing to go through anything, to keep that promise. \"Not so far, but it is really hard to get messages across. Everything is so hectic.\" Laura said, smiling comfortingly, placing her hand on Sam's shoulder. \"They need each other.\" Sam motioned with his head to J.D. \"Yes, and you need him, don't you?\" Laura smiled softly. Sam's eyes widened as he turned to look at Laura. \"It's okay, Sam. You should tell him how you feel.\" Laura winked at him and squeezed his shoulder, before walking off. Sam sighed and looked back at J.D. \"Excuse me, I was wondering if there were any news on people rescued from philadelphia?\" Sam went over to some of the officers that took charge off writing down everyone that stayed in the small towns of tents they had built up. \"Sorry, but we have not received much news. People are still being checked in and marked down.\" The officer sighed, before calling over another officer to help Sam. \"Sorry kid, but we have a lot of work. You can feel this out and send it out to the other settlements.\" this new officer said, giving Sam a form to fill. \"Wait, how many settlements are there?\" Sam asked, with a frown. \"Not sure kid.\" \"Don't worry J.D. There are a lot of settlements, I'm sure he is there in one of them.\" Sam said, sitting down next to J.D, who was looking out at the ocean. \"You really think so Sam? I'm starting to believe that maybe….he really is gone.\" J.D.'s voice broke at the end, unable to fathom the thought of never seeing his brother again. \"J.D. he is still alive, and I will bring him to you, I promise.\" Sam said, taking hold of J.D.s hand and squeezing it for comfort. \"I know, Sam….I believe you.\" J.D. said, smiling in thanks at Sam, squeezing back. \"Sam! Sam!\" Brian came over to Sam, who was helping go over data with his father. Sam frowned and immediately caught up to Brian. \"What's up?\" Sam asked, eagerly. Brian was grinning from ear to ear, which meant good news. \"There are some settlements from which a lot of people from Philadelphia were sent to!\" Brian exclaimed, his eagerness immediately affecting Sam, who began to grin from ear to ear as well. \"We have to tell J.D!\" Sam said, immediately taking off to find J.D. His father looked up and watched amused as his son took off excitedly. \"He going to go see his boyfriend, I take it?\" he asked Brian, who just nodded and shrugged, before rushing off to find Laura. J.D. found himself tackled into a hug by Laura, then Sam, then Brian. \"Whoa! What is going on!\" J.D. laughed. \"We have found some settlements were people rescued from Philadelphia were taken to!\" Brian exclaimed. J.D. froze, before he hugged them back just as tightly. \"Thank you so much guys!\" \"Yeah, we got to get ready and pack up and let people know and get directions…..\" Laura and Brian rushed out, to prepare everything. \"I guess I have to thank you, Sam.\" J.D. turned to Sam, with a soft smile. Sam felt himself flush. \"I have to go and get ready, but….thank you.\" J.D. hesitated for a millisecond, before brushign his lips to Sam's. He then rushed out to pack his stuff. Sam was in cloud nine all the way to his tent, to informing his parents about the trip, to packing, to agreeing that he will formally introduce J.D. to them at some point and that he will not get him pregnant. Sam will be sure to react and protest and probably laugh later, once it really hit him what his parents told him. \"Guys, are you sure we are going the right way?\" Laura asked as she took the map from Brian's hands. \"Yeah, I think we were suppose to go right, not left.\" J.D. added as he leaned in to look at the map as well. \"No, we are going to the east, hence we take the left.\" Sam scowled, glaring at the road ahead of him. \"Wait, let me see the map again.\" Brian said, snatching it from the other two in the back seat. \"Hey!\" \"We almost there, J.D.\" Sam said, wrapping his arms around J.D.s waist. J.D. sighed and snuggled closer to Sam for warmth. \"I know, I can never thank you, and the others, enough.\" J.D. muttered, causing Sam to shake his head and kiss him on the forehead. \"Just never leave and that be good enough for me.\" Sam grinned, causing J.D. to laugh and place a big kiss on his lips. \"You are such a sap, but thank goodness I like you like that.\" J.D. said, causing Sam to beam and melt inside. ","Summary":" Alright, these are all separate drabbles!! They are not in any specific order and do not follow eac"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"The Day After Tomorrow","Author":"sullivanav2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12919957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Montezuma,\" Brian said. He was determined to get this Decathlon answer correct Laura looked at him, and she said, \"No, no. Montezuma was in Mexico, not Peru.\" At the Pinehurst Academy table, J.D was watching Laura as he wrote down the right answer. Laura told Brian, \"It's like Anta… something.\" Laura glanced at the timer; 5 seconds left. She was in nervous mode right now because none of them knew the answer. However, Sam did. \"Atahuallpa?\" Sam asked. He looked at Laura, and she smiled at him excitedly. She responded, \"That's it!\" She wrote \"Atahuallpa\" on their answer sheet, and the timer went off. The referee said, \"Time's up. Correct answers, please.\" Laura handed the paper to their answer person, and she smiled as she handed it to him. She felt confident about their answer. Their person checked their answer, and lifted the paper in the air to signal that they had the correct answer. The referee said, \"That's five points for Woodmont, and five points for Pinehurst Academy.\" Sam smiled at the excited Laura; Laura looked around the crowd who was applauding. She caught J.D looking at her, and he had a smirk on his face. He gave her a small nod, and Laura continued to smile. She glanced at Sam, and then looked back down at the blank paper in front of her, and the referee said, \"Next question.\" It was thundering and lightning outside, but they didn't care at all. Sam looked over at J.D, his smile fading. J.D just continued to smirk in their direction, and Sam felt a rush of jealousy run through him. He thought, oh God, she caught him staring at her… she even continued to smile at him. The referee asked, \"In what year did Louis XIV ascend to the throne of France?\" Sam looked forward, trying not to picture Laura falling in love with this nerd from Pinehurst. \"Time,\" the referee said, and the timer started. Laura looked over at Sam and she whispered, \"Isn't it 1692?\" Sam, however, didn't hear her. He was, like before, too busy thinking about J.D and Laura. Brian then whispered to Laura, \"No, no. It wasn't 1692. It was 1638.\" Sam just continued to look forward, and Laura looked over at Brian. \"Are you sure?\" Laura asked. She was very hesitant about these answers. Sam then whispered, smiling at her, \"Yes, Laura. It is 1638.\" Laura smiled at him with confidence as she wrote \"1638\" on their blank paper. The timer went off, and the referee said, \"Time's up. Correct answers, please.\" Laura handed their answer checker their paper, and he checked their answer. He lifted the paper in the air, once again, to signal they got the answer correct. Laura sighed with relief as the referee said, \"That's another five points for Woodmont, and another five points for Pinehurst Academy.\" The crowd roared with more applause, and the referee said, \"This is the end of the first round of the Scholastic Decathlon. We will continue round two tomorrow.\" The crowd continued to applaud, and the students stood up to leave the auditorium. When Laura stood up, she felt a hand on her shoulder. Laura gasped with surprise, and she turned to find J.D right behind her. Sam and Brian watched him gently touch Laura… Sam was already jealous of him. J.D said, still smirking, \"Hey. You played a great first round.\" Laura smiled at him, and she put her hand on his hand. Sam was even more pissed now, but then she pushed his hand slowly off her shoulder. Laura said, \"So did you. These are my teammates, Sam and Brian.\" She gently grabbed Sam's arm, and glanced at Brian. Sam could feel chills coming up him. \"I'm Laura,\" she replied, shaking J.D's hand. \"Oh, J.D,\" he replied. \"Your school is amazing,\" Laura said, giving him a warm smile. \"Would you- would you like a tour?\" J.D asked. Laura looked at Sam, and he looked back at Laura. His expression read \"Please don't go with him Laura\". Laura then smiled, and she said, \"Sure. That'd be great. But, could you give me a second with them?\" More than ¾ of the kids that were in the auditorium were out of there, and J.D smiled while replying, \"Yes, of course. Just meet me outside by the door.\" Laura gave him a nod, and he walked away from them. His smirk continued to stay on his face. Laura looked over at her friends, and she said, \"He's nice.\" Sam nervously said, \"Y-Yeah. He's… uh…\" Then Brian hit Sam hard in the stomach to make him stop stuttering. Sam cried, \"Ow! Jesus, Brian!\" Brian muttered, \"Stop stuttering, dude.\" Sam chuckled nervously, and Laura smiled at him, trying not to laugh at him. She thought, he's so cute. Sam said, still smiling at Laura, \"Laura…\" What surprised her was the fact that he held one of her hands. Laura could feel a rush of comfort come up her body. Sam walked a little closer to her, and he said, \"Honestly, please be careful. I was told by my father on the phone that there is terrible weather heading our way. We need you for the rest of this competition.\" Laura smiled, and she said, \"Please Sam. Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. Besides, I won't be out too long with this guy. I'll be back in time for the party tonight.\" Sam let go of her hands, and he chuckled softly. \"Sorry,\" he said, \"I just really… want you to be here for the competition.\" Brian rolled his eyes, thinking, damn it, Sam. Just tell her how you feel already! She said, still smiling at him, \"I'll be fine. Trust me. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go.\" Sam nodded, and then walked out of the room to meet J.D. Sam and Brian watched her leave the room, and Brian said, \"Man, you got some serious competition.\" Sam replied, his smile already faded, \"Please.\" Brian said, \"I bet he's really rich, too.\" Sam said, \"Shut up.\" …. Later that night, Sam and Brian were at the party that the competition held for all the participants. However, they haven't seen Laura at all since she left with J.D earlier. Laura being with J.D was the last thing Sam wanted… he wanted her to be with him, and him only. Brian walked up to Sam at the party after he got a drink, and Sam said, trying to speak over the loud music and chatter, \"This place is so retro. I think it might be cool if it were on purpose.\" Sam was chewing some little candies when he said that, and he couldn't have been more serious. Another participant walked up to them, and he and Brian exchanged nods. He then walked away, and Brian said, \"Look at all these nerds.\" Sam and Brian's gaze followed the guy that just approached them. Then, Sam looked over, and he saw Laura walking in with J.D. Sam could feel a huge wave of jealousy and anger run up him. How could she like him this much already?! Why can't she fall for me instead of him? Sam thought. The weird thing is that she didn't even see them when she walked by them. She looked so beautiful… she didn't even notice her own teammates at the party. Brian and Sam stared at Laura as she walked by. Sam asked, \"Is it that hard to see us? I mean, we're right here!\" Laura, like before, didn't even notice him yelling. Brian said, \"Well not really because you're the hottest one here, and I am the only black kid.\" Sam walked right up to Brian and he asked, \"Come on, Brian, tell me. Is it really that easy to earn someone's affections? You know I've liked her since forever, and I have tried to get her to like me back… but is it really that easy?\" Brian shrugged and took a sip of his drink. He said, \"I honestly don't know, buddy. I have never really liked anyone, which means I have never tried to get someone to like me.\" Sam sighed, and he turned to watch Laura again. She was talking and laughing with J.D and the other Pinehurst kids. Sam could feel a tsunami of jealousy running through him. The only thing he wanted in the world was busy with another man. Then, during their conversation, Laura looked over and saw Sam and Brian staring at her. Her jaw dropped, and she told something to J.D. He then gave her a nod and a smile, and Laura walked over to them. Finally. Now I can tell her how beautiful she looks, Sam thought. He smiled when she walked over, and she said, with her famous smile, \"Hey.\" Sam then scanned her body with his eyes, and he said, \"Hey… you look beautiful.\" Laura thought, oh my god! He just told me that I look beautiful! Laura's smile widened, and she said, \"Thanks… you look handsome yourself, Sam. You too, Brian.\" Sam smiled widely, and he thought, she did not just say that! Brian replied, \"Thank you, Laura. You know I never try.\" They all laughed together, and Laura asked, \"So what have you guys been doing?\" Sam replied, \"Nothing much. We basically just got ready for this after we left the competition.\" I've been thinking about you the whole time, Laura. You are constantly on my mind, Sam thought. Laura then took a step toward Sam for no reason, and she said, \"Hey, I want you to come see this.\" She took Sam's hand, and he felt chills run up him. He smiled, and he said, \"Okay. Lead the way.\" She chuckled, and then she led him outside of the room. Sam turned his head to face Brian, and he smiled. Brian smiled at his friend, and he gave him an encouraging nod. When Brian looked over at J.D, he saw him gazing Laura's path with a frown on his face. Brian then chuckled, and drank his drink. ….. Outside of the cafeteria, Sam and Laura were walking around the school. Laura was showing Sam all the places J.D showed her earlier. Laura then showed him the dorms they had in their rooms, and she said, \"And these are the dorms. He said they stay here only on schooldays. They go home on the weekends or vacation breaks.\" Sam smiled as he looked around the hallway of rooms. He said, \"It is a very nice school. They must be lucky to have a school here in New York City.\" Laura replied, \"Yeah, but I would much rather go to Woodmont. I like everyone there, and obviously it's close to my hometown. There's no place I'd rather live.\" Sam smiled, and he said, \"Same. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.\" Sam and Laura then looked at each other, and they continued to smile at each other. He said, his smile slowly fading, \"Uh, Laura…\" He was literally about to tell her that he liked her, and she thought, yes! He's going to tell me! Sam swallowed nervously, and then he said, \"I…\" Then, the lights went out, and it was completely dark. Laura asked, \"Sam? What happened to the lights?\" They could barely see each other, and he replied, \"I don't know. I bet the weather knocked it out.\" Laura asked, \"Well, don't you think we should get back to our room?\" Sam replied, \"Yeah, that's probably a good idea.\" Then, Sam took her hand, and he led her to the exit of the school. He thought, I totally forgot about the terrible weather. That won't keep me away from Laura. ….. Sam and Laura met up with Brian down at the exit of the school. Brian said, \"Yeah, the power is going to get knocked out all over the place. It's been raining and thundering like crazy ever since we got here.\" Laura asked, \"Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go so we don't get caught in this!\" Everyone in the cafeteria was busy calling their parents to come get them. Sam and Laura exchanged nervous looks, and the barged out of the school. What they saw when they reached the sidewalk was a flooded Times Square. The water on the streets had risen to two feet, and it was still pouring like crazy. In five seconds, they were already soaked. They looked around to see how they could get by all the cabs and cars that were stopped up on the streets. Sam asked, \"Well, how are we supposed to get through this?\" Then, his phone started to ring, and Sam answered, \"Hello?\" It was Jack Hall, Sam's father. He said, \"Sam!\" \"Dad!\" Sam replied. He looked at his friends, and gave them a nod to show that it might be okay. \"Sam, listen to me very closely. I got a call from Professor Rapson from Scotland. He said that there is horrible weather coming towards Manhattan. I need you to get on the subway to Philadelphia, and I'll be there to come get you. I don't want you to deal witht his horrible weather, so I need you, Laura, and Brian to get on that train right now, and get to Philadelphia.\" Sam was nodding as he listened to his father, and he asked, \"Which train goes to Philadelphia?\" Jack replied, \"Hold on one second.\" Sam looked at his friends, and he said, \"Please go look at the train map, Laura.\" Laura asked, \"Well, where is one?!\" She looked around, and Brian replied, pointing at a map on the wall of the school, \"There's one! Go look and see which ones lead to Philadelphia!\" Laura nodded, and she ran over to the map on the wall. Sam replied, \"Dad! We got it! Just please keep me updated on what's going on!\" Jack replied, \"Okay, Sam. Please be careful! I do not want to lose you because of this weather.\" Sam replied, \"Just trust me, Dad. I will make sure my friends and I survive. I promise you that we'll be home soon.\" Jack replied, sighing, \"I love you, Sam. Be careful.\" Sam sighed as well, and he replied, \"I love you too, Dad.\" Then, Sam hung up, and he turned to face Laura. What he saw was J.D talking to Laura. Sam rolled his eyes furiously, and Brian said, \"Go get Laura, Sam! We have to get to the train!\" He ran up to Laura, and he asked, \"Which one goes to Philadelphia, Laura?!\" J.D looked at Sam, and he said, \"All the train stations are closed! They're all flooded!\" Sam cried, \"You gotta be kidding me! Now we can't get home!\" Laura put her hand on Sam's arm, and she said, \"It's okay! We can just get back to our room! We can see if the airport is still open!\" The rain continued to pour on them, and J.D said, \"You're out of luck there, too! All the flights are cancelled!\" Sam sighed angrily, and he said, \"You gotta be kidding me! Now we'll never get home!\" Brian ran up to them, and he said, \"Let's do what Laura said! Let's just go back to our room! We can see if anything is open tomorrow!\" Sam and Laura looked at each other, and Laura said, \"It'll be alright, Sam. Trust me. We'll get home as soon as possible.\" She grabbed his hand, and Sam gave her a nod and a smile. Sam then looked at Brian and they exchanged nods. J.D asked Laura, \"Would you like to come to my place, Laura? My dad has a place not far from here. I can hail a cab and have him drive us there.\" Laura asked, \"Wait, just me? What about Sam and Brian?\" She looked at her soaked friends, and she could tell Sam's face read, Don't do it, Laura. I don't trust him. J.D said, \"Well, yeah. They can go back to your room.\" Laura's jaw dropped, and so did Brian's and Sam's. Sam thought, wow, what a gentleman. Brian thought, what the heck? So he likes her, but he doesn't even invite us to stay at his place? What a douche. Laura asked her friends, \"Do you guys really care? It's only for one night.\" Sam turned his head so Laura couldn't see him rolling his eyes. Of course she's going with him. It's obvious she's attracted to him, Sam thought. Brian said, showing a fake smile, \"Sure. We'll be fine in the room.\" Laura slightly smiled, and she looked at Sam, who wasn't looking at them. She took his hand, and she asked, \"Sam?\" He looked at her, his blue eyes shining as rain fell in them. He tried not to show his anger, so he faked a smile. She asked, \"Are you okay?\" Sam sighed, and he said, \"Yes. Just please promise me you'll be okay. We need you.\" Laura smiled at him, still holding his hand. She said, \"I'll be okay. J.D will take care of me. I'll just meet you guys at our room tomorrow morning. I should be by no later than eleven tomorrow morning. I promise you that.\" Sam walked closer to her, and he said, \"Good. Be careful, Laura.\" He let go of her hand, and they exchanged smiles. Laura faced J.D, and he asked, \"You ready?\" Laura took one last glance at Sam and Brian, and she faced J.D saying, \"Lead the way.\" He smiled, and he took her hand. Sam watched in jealousy as she let him hold her hand and walk away with her. Sam and Brian stood there in shock, and Brian said, \"Wow. You really got some competition now, buddy.\" Sam looked at Brian and he said, \"Yeah… but I promise you that I'll win that competition. Laura is mine.\"[Chapter 2] \"I can't believe she actually went with him,\" Sam said as he was changing clothes at the room. He was still furious that Laura went with J.D back to his place. Sam was going to tell Laura how he felt that night, but that wasn't happening. He was worried that she was going to fall in love with him… and that was the last thing he wanted. Brian was brushing his teeth in the bathroom, and after he spit out the toothpaste, he said, \"Yeah, I know. I can't believe he didn't even invite us to stay. He probably wants Laura all to himself.\" Sam said, \"Yeah he does. He knows that I like her a lot, and he's just trying to steal her away from him. But nope. I have known Laura longer, which means I get her.\" Brian asked, walking out of the bathroom, \"How long have you liked her? I mean, I know it's been forever, but really, how long?\" Sam finished putting on his clothes, and he sighed. He replied, \"Well, it all started in sixth grade. I saw Laura being bullied by some punk near the locker room. I knew that she didn't deserve to be bullied, so I went in and told the bully to leave her alone. He then tried to punch me, but I grabbed his fist, and punched him in the face,\" he laughed when he thought of that flashback. \"So, his face started bleeding, and I threatened him that I'd hurt him even more if he tried to bully her again. And this kid was bigger than me, but I still took him down. He was scared of me after I punched the lights out of him. Laura was crying, but then she came up and hugged me so tight. It… was the greatest feeling ever. After that, she started talking to me more, and that's when I fell more and more in love with her. I was suspended for a week, but I really didn't care. I don't know how she feels about me, but I hope she feels the same about me because I'm really working to get her to like me,\" he replied. Brian laughed as he listened to this story, and he clapped at the end of it. He said, \"Wow. What a great story, Sam. I never knew you got physical or suspended from school.\" Sam chuckled, and he said, \"Well, I haven't even told Laura that I love her yet. Of course you don't know about that. Only Laura and I know.\" Brian said, \"Yeah, man. You're gonna have to tell her soon. She needs to know or else she may like J.D.\" Sam rolled his eyes, and he said, \"I know. I know. I'll make sure that he doesn't get her. But did you see the way she held my hand?! That was amazing!\" Sam was smiling as he thought of holding Laura's hand. Brian let out a laugh, and he said, \"Yes, Sam. I did see the way she held your hand. And do you know what that means?\" Sam asked, smiling, \"She likes me back?\" Brian nodded at his friend, and he said, \"Yep, you got that right.\" Sam chuckled, and he replied, \"Thanks, Brian for being there for me. I just hope she survives the weather.\" Brian walked over to Sam, and he put his arm around Sam. He smiled at his friend, and he said, \"Don't worry. With you around her, she'll be okay. You'll protect her, right?\" Sam smiled, and he said, \"You know I will because I care about her too much.\" Sam then put his arm around Brian, and he said, \"Well, let's just hope she comes back tomorrow morning. And I hope she doesn't do anything stupid with J.D.\" ….. At J.D's dad's apartment, Laura and J.D walked in. J.D turned on the light, and Laura's jaw dropped in awe. She asked, \"You live here?\" J.D walked a little closer to Laura, and he said, \"Only on the weekends. Like I said, it's my dad's place.\" Laura asked, still looking around the huge apartment, \"Where is he?\" J.D said sadly, \"In Europe, skiing with my step-mom.\" Laura looked at him, and she asked, \"Your parents are divorced?\" Laura walked a little closer to him, and he said, \"No. My mom died when I was ten-years-old. My little brother was only five at the time. She died of a drunk driver.\" Laura felt empathy for him because she didn't know what it was like to lose a parent, but she felt terribly bad for him. She had no idea that he suffered through this. She put her hand on his shoulder, and she said, \"I'm so sorry. I never knew this happened to you.\" He looked at her eyes, and he smiled at her. He said, \"It's okay. I'm sure you've experienced a family member dying…\" Laura bit her lip, and she said, \"Um, I actually haven't. No one in my family hasn't died. That's why I'm grateful for what I have.\" J.D put his hand on Laura's hand, and he said, \"Well, you should be. My father isn't necessarily the nicest man in the world, and my brother isn't the smartest, but I still love them.\" Laura walked over to a coffee table to find a picture of J.D and his little brother together. His brother looked a lot like him: very cute. Laura smiled at the picture, and she asked, \"Is this your little brother?\" J.D walked over next to her, and he replied, \"Yep. That was taken about two years ago.\" She asked, \"Where is your brother?\" She put the picture down on the table, and he replied, \"He's at a boarding school in Philadelphia. He's not behaving in school, so my dad sent him there for this school year.\" Laura asked, \"What's he doing? In school, I mean?\" J.D sighed, and he replied, \"Well, he's getting suspended or expelled, and he gets horrible grades. My father doesn't like dealing with him, so he spends as much time with my step-mom, which leaves me having to deal with him all the time.\" Laura then said, \"Well, you seem like a great brother, so I don't see why your father would ever have a problem with you. You seem like you get good grades and is a good person.\" J.D replied, smiling at her, \"Thank you. I think the same about you.\" Laura chuckled, and she said, \"Well, thank you.\" Then, they just continued to stare into each other's eyes… Laura thought, what are you doing, Laura?! You don't like him! You love Sam… To break their silence, Laura asked, \"I'm kinda hungry, so do you have anything here?\" J.D seemed disappointed that she broke the silence, but he smiled and replied, \"Yes. You can dig into anything in the kitchen. I'm going to jump in the shower. Feel free to do anything you'd like. Just don't leave.\" They both chuckled, and she said, \"I won't. Thank you.\" J.D then walked out of the room so he could go take a shower. Laura walked in the kitchen once he was out of the room, and she searched the cabinets and fridge for food. She really wasn't hungry; she was just trying to get J.D away from her. She thought, I shouldn't have come here. I hurt Sam's feelings coming here. She looked out from the kitchen to see if J.D was around… no sign of him. Then Laura bolted to the door, but when she tried to open it, she heard a loud boom from outside the apartment. She turned around, and she didn't see anything. Laura asked, \"J.D? Is that you?\" Laura started to walk towards the living area, and she looked around. She still didn't see anything, and so she turned around. Right there in front of here was J.D, and he clasped her face with his hands. She gasped loudly, and she asked, \"J.D! What the hell are you doing?\" Laura didn't want to try to free herself because she didn't want to know what the consequences of that were… J.D smirked, like he did at the competition, and he whispered, \"You know, I think you're beautiful.\" J.D leaned closer towards Laura, and she whispered, \"What are you gonna do? You know we barely know each other.\" J.D's lips were centimeters away from hers, and he whispered, \"I think we get along quite well.\" Laura could feel tears coming up her eyes; she didn't want to do anything with J.D. Then, she felt the warmth of J.D's lips touch her lips. She didn't like it at all… Laura then separated them, and he asked, \"Whoa, what's wrong?\" J.D's brown eyes stared into hers. Laura could feel the tears threatening to spill out of her eyes. She said, trying not to sound upset, \"I'm sorry. I just can't do this with you.\" J.D still held her face like a cup: he wasn't going to let go of her. J.D asked, \"Is it because of Sam? You love him, don't you?\" Laura thought, HELL YEAH I LOVE SAM! She sighed, and she said, \"Well… no. I do not love Sam. I am just friends with him.\" J.D smirked again, and he asked, \"Well then, why did you stop?\" \"Because I can't!\" Laura immediately said. She pushed him off of her, and she put her hands on her head in a panic. He asked, \"What the hell? Wouldn't you just want to try it with me? I can tell you're still a virgin.\" Laura claimed angrily, \"I am not! I will not share my personal information with you!\" J.D walked up to Laura, and he whispered, \"Hey, I promise you that I will not hurt you at all. I know I just met you, but I already like you.\" Laura felt the tears stream down her face like a river. She asked, \"But why me? Why can't you like someone from around here?\" J.D put his hands on her face again, and he said, \"You are not like the other girls.\" Laura whispered, \"Yeah I am. I am no different from them.\" J.D whispered, \"I think you are beautiful. I can make you the happiest woman on Earth right now. Trust me.\" Laura sighed, and she said, \"Just kiss me and get it over with.\" Suddenly, J.D leaned in again, and this time, their kiss turned more passionate. Laura could feel herself jumping on J.D and having him carry her to his bed. Laura knew this was her first time being in bed with someone. She was indeed a virgin. Their sex was indeed… hot. It may have lasted that whole night… ….. The next morning, Sam and Brian were anxiously waiting for Laura. It was about nine-thirty. Sam was pacing back and forth in the room, and he was biting his nails nervously. Brian walked out of the bathroom, and he saw his friend panicking. Brian sighed, and he said, \"Sam. Chill out. Laura is most likely okay.\" Sam looked at Brian and he said, \"Well, I am not only worried about her being okay! I am worried that that douche did something to her! Like have sex with her! You can tell he wanted to!\" Brian walked to his friend, and he said, \"Dude, if you are this worried about Laura, then let's go get her ourselves.\" Sam still continued to pace back and forth, and he said, \"Bro, what if she gets pregnant? What if she doesn't even try to love me? What happens if I propose to her and she says no?\" Brian yelled, \"Samuel Hall! Calm down!\" Sam froze, and he asked, \"How do you know that my full name is Samuel? Only my parents know that!\" He faced Brian, and Brian said, \"Man. You have a serious case of extreme anxiety. Laura is still in love with you. I know that, and there's no way she would have sex with that jerk.\" Sam asked, \"And how would you know? You're not the one who likes her!\" Brian put his hands on Sam's shoulders, and he said, \"Chill… out…. Let's go get her.\" Sam sighed, and he said, \"Fine.\" Then, the lights shut out again. Both of them gasped, and Sam said, \"We have to get her now!\" When they reached the door, Sam's phone rang. He picked it up, and he saw that Laura was calling him. He said, \"Laura!\" He answered the phone. \"Hello?\" he said. \"Sam! It's Laura!\" Laura yelled from the other line. It sounded like she was crying. \"Laura! Are you okay?! I've been worried sick about you!\" Sam cried. \"I need your help! I am at downtown Times Square! It's pouring like crazy, and-!\" she sobbed. Sam could feel tears of panic coming up his eyes, and he said, \"Laura, stay there! I'll be there in a few minutes! Just don't panic! I'll be there soon, baby!\" \"Okay! Okay! Hurry please! I think a tsunami is coming!\" Laura yelled. \"Oh God. I'm coming!\" Sam yelled. He immediately hung up, and Brian said, \"You just called her baby.\" Sam looked at him, and he said, \"I don't give a damn! Come on!\" He swung open the door, and the two friends ran out of the room. ….. In about five minutes, Sam and Brian reached Times Square. People were running and screaming as they walked in the flooded city. The water had to be four feet tall… Sam yelled, \"Laura! Laura!\" They were looking around for her, but all they could see is random New Yorkers drenched from the water. \"Laura! Laura! Where are you?! Laura!\" Sam and Brian yelled. They were freaking out because they could not find her. Sam yelled at Brian, \"My God, where the hell could she be?!\" Then, a voice from the distance yelled, \"Sam! Sam! Brian! Sam!\" Sam and Brian looked towards the direction the voice was coming from. It was Laura; Sam said, \"Oh my God! It's Laura! It's Laura, Brian!\" Brian yelled, \"No way, dude! Let's go get her!\" Sam yelled, \"Laura! Laura! We're coming! Hold on!\" Sam and Brian were running in the water towards Laura's voice. They had to push people out of the way, and they were jumping over jammed traffic. Sam kept yelling, \"Laura! We're coming! Laura!\" \"Sam! Sam! Come over here! Sam!\" Laura kept yelling. Then, to the right of them, they saw a huge tidal wave coming right towards them… It was exactly what Laura predicted: a tsunami. Sam cried, \"Oh my God! We have to hurry up and find her!\" They kept running in the water, and then, Sam was able to see Laura. Laura cried, \"Oh my God, Sam!\" They tried running to each other, but then, they were swept up by the tsunami wave… separating them from each other. ","Summary":" \"Montezuma,\" Brian said. He was determined to get this Decathlon answer correct Laura looked at h"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Après Demain","Author":"Acrystar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4769509","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note de l'auteur : Tout ce qui suit appartient plus ou moins à la heuuu... Fox ? Enfin, tout du moins pas à moi, si ce n'est la trame slashesque. Acrystar . Après demain 1 Tout a été reconstruit, les immeubles se sont relevés, repeuplés, mais personne n'oubliera une telle tragédie, espérons seulement qu'on se rappellera encore longtemps des erreurs de notre passé et que la lutte de mon père puisse avoir échos dans les générations futures. L'eau est retournée à la mer, New York a retrouvé sa splendeur d'antan, et puis très vite la vie a repris son cours, comme avant, ou presque, puisque dans le cœur de tous quelque chose avait changé irrémédiablement. Les plus vieux avaient essayé de sauver les plus jeunes, souvent en y laissant leur vie, et les plus jeunes, nombres d'enfants sauvés, s'entassaient dans des orphelinats en périphérie des grandes villes. C'est la nouvelle vie des peuples du nord. Maintenant que la neige n'est plus qu'un souvenir hantant, maintenant que le froid et la faim sont balayés de discours remplis d'espoir, nous avons retrouvé nos logis, nos proches, nos voisins, dans une solidarité chaleureuse. Jamais je n'avais vu de gens si solidaires, chacun aidant l'autre, chacun souhaitant donner une main salvatrice à autrui dans le besoin... Oui, c'était étrange à voir et aussi fascinant ! Voir qu'il n'y avait que dans les extrêmes moments que l'humanité se rappelait du mot fraternité. Enfin, tout ceci est loin ; on va dire. Cela fait plus de cinq ans que ce cataclysme givré qu'on surnomma par la suite l'Hiver Blanc, s'est abattu sur le monde moderne pour le replonger dans l'Histoire. Aujourd'hui les carburants fossiles sont prohibés et tout le monde refait sa vie autour d'une énergie quasi gratuite que le soleil nous procure, la courbe démographique est en pleine expansion après que les six milliards d'habitants qui recouvraient ce monde fut divisé par deux. Cinquante pour cent de la population parti dans les cyclones gelés… je ne compte plus le nombre de corps incinérés, pour ceux qu'on a pu retrouver ! Mais n'oublions pas que les humains ne sont pas les seuls touchés, ainsi plusieurs espèces et sous espèces animales ont aussi disparu au grand damne des biologistes. Plus rien ne subsiste de ce monde que j'ai connu, même si il feint le contraire. Nous achetons de nouveaux fours, des chiens, des chats, nous reconstruisons achetant aux pays sous-développés remontant leur économie et…, regardez aujourd'hui les nouvelles ! Un africain gagne autant qu'un américain moyen. Comme si l'Hivers Blanc nous avait tous remis sur un pied d'égalité rasant les classes sociales et développant avec rapidité les pays en difficultés. Pendant longtemps les grosses entreprises de l'Europe et de l'Amérique du nord étaient régies en Afrique et en Amérique du sud. Ils étaient venus en masse nous aider à remettre notre pays sur pied, aider à nettoyer, compter les morts, reconstruire ce qui avait été détruit par les cataclysmes pré Hiver Froid. Certains sont restés, d'autres sont rentrés, mais une chose est sûre, les peuples de nord cherchent maintenant de la main d'œuvre et de nouveaux voisins. Ce sont des pays qui \"recrutent\" dans tous les sens du terme. Une famille de cambodgiens vient d'emménager dans la maison d'en face, le père fait partie de la même entreprise que moi, on cherche à exploiter l'eau comme nouveau moyen d'énergie pour pallier les difficultés rencontrées avec le solaire. Quant à moi, je suis assis là, dans mon bureau, un papier entre les mains, relisant le titre depuis cinq longs jours. Demande de Divorce... Je ne comprends pas ce qui nous a amené à ça. Je m'étais juré de ne pas faire les mêmes erreurs que mes parents, mais visiblement je ne suis pas mieux. - Mr Hall ? » Elle c'est Eva, une des orphelines de ma rue. Elle est l'intendante dans cette maison quand je pars en mission de l'autre côté de la planète. Autant que cette maison serve à quelque chose ! Elle est jeune, tout juste seize ans, je la paye pour qu'elle prenne soin de moi et de la maison, elle est ici une sorte de major d'homme. Je vous rassure elle n'a pas un sort à plaindre, au contraire, les orphelinats sont souvent des anciens pensionnats surpeuplés où les adolescents sont \"oubliés\" puis mis à la porte à seize ans pile : sans aucun revenu, ni logement. Au moins elle a un toit, en attendant qu'elle trouve mieux, j'ai confiance en elle, elle est débrouillarde. C'est une sorte de petite sœur par procuration, nourrie, logée, payée, en attendant de meilleurs jours... - Sam Hall ! » Mes yeux laissent l'encre noire qui parcourt la feuille que je garde fermement entre mes poings. Pourquoi est-elle partie ? Après tout ce que j'ai vécu pour elle, après tout ce que j'ai fait, jusqu'à mettre ma vie et celle de mes amis en danger. Laura Hall... Un nom qu'elle ne portera plus que quelques jours, le temps que je signe ce papier et que le divorce soit prononcé réellement. Ce n'est certes pas comme si je ne l'avais pas vu arriver, Jason m'en avait parlé il y a quelques mois. Dire qu'elle avait fait appel à mon meilleur ami pour préparer le terrain. Elle ne supportait plus ma vie. Mais je n'y peux rien, je suis aussi passionné que mon père, et me battre à coup de théories pour faire en sorte que mes enfants ne souffre pas de ce que j'ai enduré est pour lors mon principal but. Tout ce qu'elle m'a promis c'est que Frank et Terry auraient toujours le droit de venir voir leur père. Deux noms qui pour moi signifient beaucoup, comme pour mon père, Frank Harris qui a perdu la vie en menant mon père à notre secours, et Terry Rapson, celui qui a permis à mon père d'élaborer ses prévisions. J'avais envie de donner ces noms à nos enfants, et quand j'ai appris qu'on aurait des jumeaux je me suis dit que la chance nous souriait. Cependant, la chance m'a quitté il y a deux ans. Des suites d'une mauvaise fièvre je suis devenu stérile, j'ai vu dans ses yeux combien ça la faisait souffrir, elle qui voulait plus que tout au monde une fille à qui elle aurait donné le prénom de sa sœur décédée. Je crois que ça a été la goutte d'eau qui fit déborder le vase de notre amour. Elle a dû se trouver un autre homme pour assouvir ses instincts maternels. Dommage pour moi, mais peut-être n'en valait-elle pas le coup ?! J'attrape un crayon et je signe la feuille, sans m'en soucier outre mesure, si c'est ce à quoi elle aspire et bien soit, Mme Hall reprendra son nom de jeune fille ! Ma main repose le papier du juge, étrangement ça ne me fait ni chaud, ni froid, peut-être était-ce voué depuis longtemps à l'échec le plus complet ? Je demanderai à Eva d'empiler ses affaires pour qu'elle puisse récupérer tous ses biens, puis je la regarde avec un sourire. - Envoyez-lui ça. Dites-lui qu'elle a un mois pour récupérer toutes ses affaires, vous l'aiderez, je prends un avion dans une heure, je reviens dans une trentaine de jours… » - Bien Monsieur, faites attention à vous. » - Combien de fois je t'ai demandé de me tutoyer ? C'est une aide commune entre nous deux, cesse de t'imposer à moi comme une domestique, d'accord ? » - Je… J'en suis désolée. Fait bon voyage, Sam. » Un sourire d'ange m'a été tendu, avant que je prenne mon sac qu'elle avait préparé pour moi la veille, puis que je quitte la maison en direction de l'Inde où mon père, Jack Hall va faire son prochain sommet scientifique. Je me dois d'être à ses côtés, car j'ai fait des découvertes qu'il se doit de prendre en compte. - Sam ?! » Je lève la tête, me tournant de côté. Quelqu'un vient de me héler dans l'aéroport ?! Si ça avait été un « Mr Hall » j'en aurai déduit un simple fan, un étudiant, ou même collègue, voire un journaliste, mais jamais personne ne m'appelait Sam aussi familièrement. Et puisque ce n'était ni la voix de Jason, ni d'un quelconque ami... j'ignorai donc qui m'appelait de cette manière. Un jeune homme slalome entre les passagers qui sortent de mon avion. Je regarde ce visage qui me dit vaguement quelque chose mais que je ne le reconnais pas pour autant. Un garçon de mon âge, les yeux bleus, les cheveux légèrement ondulés… - Hm ? » - C'est moi ! Tu te souviens pas ? » Je le regarde de haut en bas, toujours bercé par un air de déjà vu, mon regard se pose sur le blason qu'il porte sur sa veste d'université. Ce serait J.D ?! Je ne connais qu'une seule personne à Stanford Faculty. Ça ne peut être que lui, évidemment, il a changé, ça doit faire quatre ans que je ne l'ai pas revu. Il nous avait quittés lorsqu'il s'était aperçu que sa tante et son petit frère étaient encore en vie à Philadelphie. Il a hérité de la fortune de son père, aujourd'hui il est en dernière année de commerce international, il doit parler plus de dix langues. Un futur sponsor, si jamais je devais de m'en trouver un. Peut-être qu'il me le doit, ou bien est-ce moi qui lui doit quelque chose... - J.D ! Qu'est-ce que tu fiches ici ? » Il hésite un instant puis se colle à moi en me serrant entre ses bras. Je ne sais pas trop comment réagir, si pendant ces longs jours de galère, il est devenu comme un véritable ami, je ne le connais pour ainsi dire, pas. Mais puisque ça semble lui faire plaisir je le serre à mon tour amicalement contre moi. J'avais soupçonné Laura d'avoir une relation avec lui, c'est peut-être l'occasion de vérifier mes suspicions. Il me relâche, me donne un coup sur l'épaule en faisant la moue. - J'ai appris pour Laura, c'est dégueulasse, mec, ce qu'elle t'a fait ! Mais t'en fait pas, une de perdue dix de retrouvées. Si tu veux, on passe la soirée dans un bar branché, puisque t'es à nouveau célibataire. On pourrait aller mâter les beautés asiatiques du quartier coréen ?! » - J'ai pas trop le temps, je dois dire que je suis claqué à cause du décalage horaire... mais me dit pas que t'es plus avec... Katy ? » - La blonde du camp de réfugiés ? Saaaam, t'es vraiment pas à la page, ça a duré trois semaines, depuis je suis libre comme l'air, enfin, un coup par ci, par là quand je vais en vacances à Miami. Elles s'intéressent qu'à mon fric de toute façon, et puis c'est pas comme si j'avais envie de devenir très sérieux. Suffit d'avoir un nom et une fortune pour qu'on te saute dessus ! Je m'en plains pas, mais c'est pas avec ça que je vais établir quelque chose. J'veux de l'amour ! » - Tu pourrais retenter ta chance avec Laura, tu sais ; je crois qu'elle a toujours le béguin pour toi. » - Tu te fiches de moi ?! Je sors pas avec la femme d'un pote ! Sérieux, je préfère encore rester célibataire ! Et puis Sam, j'ai jamais eu envie de te la prendre. » Il hausse les épaules en levant les yeux, une brune s'approche de nous, elle m'envoie un court regard tandis qu'elle vient se coller à lui, essayant de le tirer par la cravate. J.D lui adresse un regard sombre avant de se mettre à fouiller sa poche de veste. - Écoute, je reste ici deux semaines, alors demain je me pointe chez toi, on fait des trucs ensemble ! Je te lâcherais pas tant que je t'aurais pas pour moi toute une journée, tu te démerdes ! Je te laisse mon numéro ; appelle-moi dès que t'es réveillé ! Et si t'appelles pas, c'est moi qui te réveille ! Ok ? » J.D me laisse dans les mains une carte de visite, il a un sourire franc aux lèvres. Peut-être que je devrais accepter. Il ne me laisse pas le temps d'objecter ou d'acquiescer, déjà il a pris le bras de la plante à côté de lui pour s'en aller chercher leurs bagages. Circonspect, je le regarde s'éloigner. Sa présence vient soudainement de me foutre un coup au moral. J'attrape ma valise et je rentre chez moi pour faire le tour du cadran. - Je vais lui dire que vous êtes là... » J'entends ses pas feutrer se rapprocher de moi, il fait déjà jour, sa main frappe contre la porte, il semblerait que j'ai de la visite... Je réponds à moitié dans le coltard, j'ai un mal de chien à me réveiller d'ailleurs je m'étire dans les draps, lorsqu'elle passe la porte et pénètre ma chambre. Eva pousse un cri affolé puis se retourne rouge comme une cerise. Et bien n'a-t-elle jamais vu d'homme nu ? Ça ne me formalise pas, j'ai rien à cacher de toutes les manières ! J'ai toujours dormi de cette façon et je ne changerais pas mes habitudes, même si elle me le demandait. Elle bafouille, posant la paume de ses mains contre ses yeux. Il me semble que je sais déjà qui m'attend dans le salon à vrai dire… Ma main glisse sur la barbe hirsute qui orne mon visage, j'ai la bouche pâteuse, je ne sais même pas l'heure qu'il est, et sérieusement, je n'ai pas envie de me lever ! Un mois de congrès, un mois de calculs, des tonnes de discussions jusqu'aux aurores… ça crève ! - Eva ? Arrête de t'excuser, c'est rien... Après tout... je ne suis plus l'homme marié que tu as connu. On s'en fiche. Et je ne vais sûrement pas t'en vouloir pour un truc aussi anodin ! » Je regarde distraitement ma main gauche, je n'ai pas encore retiré cet anneau doré qu'elle a passé autour de mon annulaire, on croirait que le temps s'est arrêté depuis un moment, ou qu'il passe au ralentit. Disons, simplement, que je n'ai pas eu le temps de penser avant cela à ma propre personne, il y avait trop de théories pour que j'ai le temps de penser à mes tracas personnels. J'entends d'autres pas, J.D n'a jamais compris ce que voulait dire de rester sagement quelque part, à moins que la curiosité ne l'ait poussé à monter les escaliers qui mènent aux chambres ?! Je le vois à travers l'entrebâillement de la porte, il me sourit puis rentre comme si il était chez lui. Je ne suis toujours pas habillé, mais bon, lui c'est un mec, il va pas nous faire le même cinéma qu'Eva. Depuis que l'influence de son père s'est estompée, il est quasiment méconnaissable. Où est passé le gamin sage et de bonne famille qu'il semblait être avant et qui me ressortait par les yeux ? Au camp de réfugiés, il s'est laissé bercé par le courant des enfants des rues, et des pseudos rebelles, comme nous tous. On a évolué, peut-être pour ça que les classes sociales sont si proches aujourd'hui. - Je m'occupe de lui, j'ai l'impression qu'il en a besoin. Clair que tu vas pas te retrouver une femme rapidement si tu ressembles à un gorille ! Débout, habille-toi, je vais faire de toi le prince de la soirée ! » Il semble plein d'énergie... Moi j'en suis loin ! Je le regarde d'un œil torve, puis je me décide de faire ce qu'il me dit sans broncher, à quoi bon ! J'ai l'impression qu'il ne va pas me lâcher de la journée, autant essayer de le contenter. Après avoir lambiné vingt bonnes minutes supplémentaires dans mon lit, je suis habillé et pseudo coiffé. Il est assis dans mon canapé, une tasse à café entre les mains, un air princier dans la position. Cette image me fait sourire. - On va où ? » - D'abord un coiffeur, ensuite une esthéticienne, un coup d'acuponcture et on finit au club de remise en forme avant de se jeter dans un club, je te raconte pas… » Il parle horriblement vite, j'ai perdu le fil de la discussion dès qu'il a commencé à énumérer les différentes étapes de notre journée. Je le suis dehors, je grimpe dans sa voiture, un brin parti dans mes pensées. Je regarde à travers la vitre de sa voiture, me demandant comment je vais tenir toute une journée. Depuis que j'ai emprunté la voie de mon père, je passe de moins en moins de temps avec les autres, enfin, le commun des autres, car les scientifiques ça compte pas vraiment. Et ce n'est sûrement pas avec les geeks de la science que je vais faire de telles choses ! - Y'a que ça de vrai ! » Comment suis-je arrivé sur cette chaise ? J'en sais plus trop grand-chose. Tout ce que je sais, c'est que je suis assis en face d'un miroir et que J.D parle avec la coiffeuse de ma nouvelle coupe. J'aimais bien moi, cette tignasse mal coiffée ! Bon, ok, mouillé ça ressemble à rien, et j'ai peur du résultat quand je la vois revenir avec une paire de ciseau. Chlac, chlack... je vois des touffes de brun tomber autour de moi, avec ce qu'elle me retire, je vais finir chauve... Chlack, chlack... qu'importe. Je ferme les yeux, on verra si J.D a bon goût après, ou pas. Je rouvre les yeux quelques longues minutes plus tard, j'ignore ce qu'est cette coupe, je revois mes oreilles, ça faisait un baille ! J'ai encore de la longueur, mais c'est moins... fouillis ! Je fais un court sourire. Ça me plait bien, cela dit, je m'en fiche un peu. C'est vrai, mon travail mange plus de soixante-dix pour cent de mon temps ! - Vous avez des doigts de fées, regardez-le maintenant, je suis sûr que vous avez envie de le draguer maintenant ! » La jeune femme me sourit, un sourire tendu dans un reflet de miroir, ça me rend mal à l'aise. Je quitte la chaise, suivant J.D vers la prochaine destination, comme ça, lentement mais sûrement, un stade après l'autre, épilation du torse, des sourcils, du dos, je regarde cette femme poser ces bandes de cires sur moi et retirer cette forêt brune qui cachait ma peau. Oui, c'est vrai, y'a dû laisser aller, mais d'un autre côté, j'ai que très peu de temps à m'accorder. Quand elle a fini, j'ai presque plus que mes cheveux pour seule toison, ce n'est pas que c'est douloureux, mais presque, cela dit, la torture n'est pas fini, car le soin du visage est encore pire que la cire. La chaleur pour ouvrir les pores de ma peau, puis ses ongles qui glissent arrachant toutes les impuretés. Deux heures plus tard, je ressors d'une propreté éclatante... comme si je venais de naître... Plus de poils, plus d'impuretés, la coupe fraîche, et J.D qui sourit de plus en plus. - Ça fait du bien... » J'ai encore le bras qui saigne, l'acuponcture, je ne recommencerais jamais, je suis vraiment pas fan des aiguilles ! Je regard J.D s'extasier de sa réussite en relookage, il a même insisté à m'acheter une nouvelle tenue. J'ignore si cette journée m'a fait du bien, ou non mais une autre chose est sûre ; je n'ai pas envie d'aller dans son club. - J.D ? Ça te dit une soirée télé-pizza. J'ai vu assez de gens pour la journée, j'en peux plus. » - Porno ? » - Si ça te fait plaisir... » Je roule des yeux, j'ai jamais été fan de ce genre de film, enfin pas en «publique», voir ça avec... quelqu'un d'autre doit avoir un côté gênant, enfin, pas pour lui apparemment ! Je souris fermant les yeux, la chaleur me fait du bien. - Fais gaffe ! » - Je t'avais averti ! » Je soupire, regardant mon escorte de la journée et haussant les épaules, je le sais bien, il n'avait pas besoin de le répéter, cela dit, j'aurais dû me tenir tranquille, plutôt que d'essayer de me montrer aussi athlétique que Monsieur je fais du surf pendant les vacances de noël ! - Bouge pas ! » - Comme si je pouvais ! » - On était censé se faire une pizza/porno pas un détour aux urgences de l'hôpital pour une double fracture du tibia ! » - Je sais ! » J.D repousse Eva avant que celle-ci ne s'approche de moi, il n'a visiblement pas envie qu'elle s'occupe de moi, non, déjà il prend un coussin et surélève ma jambe, comme l'a expressément demandé le médecin, et puis il décroche mon téléphone pour commander les fameuses pizzas. Cela fait, il s'assoit à mes côtes me donnant un léger coup d'épaule. - Eva, vous feriez mieux de nous laisser entre mâles, car vous aurez de quoi rougir si vous tombez sur ce qui va meubler notre soirée. Oh, juste une chose, vous le trouvez comment maintenant ? » Eva rougit, je crois qu'elle m'a toujours regardé de cette façon, je lui plais, cela dit, ce n'est pas réciproque, j'en suis désolé pour elle. Pas qu'elle soit moche, loin de la là, elle est très belle, mais... j'ignore pourquoi, j'ai un goût amer dans la bouche quand je pense à une autre possible aventure. Laura je l'ai suivi, corps et âme, persuadé de l'aimer plus que tout, mais rien ne sera plus important que mon travail. Rien, pas même mes propres enfants. Je soupire, blasé par mon attitude, je n'ai pas encore retiré mon alliance, peut-être qu'au fond, elle ne représente pas mon attachement à mon ex-femme, mais à mon travail, aux erreurs tant reprochées à mon propre père. Je suis même pire ! Eva nous laisse sans broncher. Je sens un bras glisser contre mon cou. - Toi t'as besoin d'un verre... Sam, te prends pas la tête, ok ?! T'es bon dans ce que tu fais, je te l'ai pas dit, mais je suis de près tes études. Soit, je suis pas un calé en physique et la moitié de tes théories ne me parlent pas, mais je dois t'avouer, j'envie ta façon d'être... Entier à cent pour cent. J'aimerais moi aussi être comme ça. Entier dans une seule direction. Laura est partie, Eva est très mignonne tu sais, ok, c'est un peu ta domestique... » - Sœur... c'est ma sœur d'adoption. » - Sœur, ok, mais on s'en balance. » - Je ne l'aime pas. » - Reste pas seul, Sam... Il faut quelqu'un pour veiller sur toi. Je serais pas là éternellement... » - D'ailleurs elle doit t'attendre. » - Qui ? » - La brune d'hier. » - Lori ? Oh, mon dieu ! Tu crois quoi ? Que moi et elle... ? Pas du tout, mais alors pas du tout mon petit ! » - Alors que faisait-elle accroché à ton bras ? » - Escorte girl. » - Hein ? » - Fallait que j'ai une petite amie pour une soirée universitaire, je lui ai promis de l'amener à Washington, alors voilà, c'est ma façon de la payer. Elle fait sa vie maintenant ! » - Qu'est-ce que tu fiches avec ce genre de fille ? » - Sam... c'est compliqué. » - Rien ne peut-être plus compliqué que l'économie mondiale et les changements climatiques. » - Détrompe-toi ! » - Alors ? » - Je te le dirais un jour... promis. Allez, on se met le film ?! » Je regarde l'écran distraitement, ça ne me fait rien, y'a encore quelques années j'aurai bavé comme un préado, mais... rien. J'avale une nouvelle part de pizza déconnecté de la réalité, puis j'enchaîne les verres. Je ne sais pas pourquoi, mais tout à coup mon anneau me semble insupportable, je l'arrache de mon doigt, et je l'envoie voler à l'autre bout de la pièce. Il a raison, je m'occupe de la Terre, mais rien ne me revient, personne ne s'occupe de moi, j'ai baissé les bras quand elle a commencé à me regarder autrement, je me suis oublié quand la mère de mes enfants m'a regardé avec ce regard accusateur. Fautif de partir, fautif de ne plus être un futur nouveau père, fautif tout simplement. Je soupire, puis je baisse la tête. - Je suis stérile. » - Hein ? » - Avant que les hôpitaux ne ré-ouvrent, y'a eu des épidémies de maladies diverses, j'ai attrapé une connerie, j'ai failli en mourir. J'ai survécu, mais... » - Stérile ou impuissant ? » - Stérile... » - C'est pas la fin du monde ! » - Pour Laura si, elle voulait encore deux enfants. » - Tu as déjà deux beaux fils, Sam, tu t'en fiches ! » - En ces jours de forte démographie, qu'est-ce qu'un type comme moi peut apporter à une femme ? Elles veulent toutes quatre enfants, un mari aimant et surtout présent, puis une vie stable. Je n'ai rien à leur offrir... » - Si... tu as du talent, un humour pourri, tu as sauvé des vies, et tu en sauveras encore, tu as un cœur et même si ton travail consomme tout ton temps, Sam, ça ne me dérangerait pas de devenir Mme Hall ! » Il papillonne des yeux, un sourire élargit ses lèvres, puis il me saute dessus essayant de m'embrasser avec un air de grande folle. - Oh, mon amouuuur, mon Zorro aux abdos cervicaux, prenez-moi maintenant ! Prenez-moi, ooooh ouiiiii ! » Idiot... Il a fini par me faire rire, je dois dire que depuis deux ans, je ne me suis jamais senti comme ça, heureux d'un court instant hors boulot. Il me fait du bien, en fait... Rien que nous deux…. Ça suffit largement. Ma main se pose sur son visage, il arrête de sourire, il me regarde fixement, surpris de ce que je fais. Je suis en train de caresser sa joue, j'ai... l'étrange envie de... Je romps le contact abruptement, me détournant de lui tout à coup. A quoi viens-je de penser ?! - ... » Il n'a pas bougé depuis les trente secondes qui ont suivi mon geste. Il est resté dans la même position, silencieux, j'ai peur de me retourner, comment qualifier ce que j'ai failli faire ? Comment l'interpréter ? Ha oui... tu t'occupes bien de moi, alors allons-y ! Cette idée est aussi ignoble que ma façon de traiter les gens qui me sont chers... - T'arrête pas. » - Hein ? » - Continue... Sam. Même si c'est pour une nuit... je m'en fiche. Pour une nuit, Sam... juste une nuit, continue ce que tu as commencé. » Je me tourne vers lui, incrédule, il semble sérieux. C'est assez déroutant, moi qui pensait qu'il ne prendrait pas bien ce geste, je me rends compte que c'est tout le contraire. Une nuit ? Juste une nuit ? Il me lance un sourire, je le regarde s'approcher de mes lèvres, il s'arrête après les avoir frôlé des siennes, il me regarde dans les yeux, il attend une permission semble-t-il... Je fais oui de la tête, ses lèvres se pressent contre les miennes, se fondent avec les miennes, je sens sa langue glisser en moi, ses mains dévaler mon corps, me faire frémir. Scientifique, oui, mais humain tout de même ! Il y a des choses contre lesquels l'esprit n'a pas de puissance. Ça fait un an en fait que je ne me suis pas permis ce genre de chose, alors me poser des questions sur cette déviation sexuelle... je n'en ai même pas le loisir. Je prends ça comme ça vient. - Tu veux continuer ? » J'en sais rien, mais mon corps a choisi pour moi, surtout vu la tension qui réside dans mon pantalon, je le regarde, lui envoyant un court sourire... - On monte ? » - Si tu en as envie... » - Il me semble, oui... » Un sourire en coin, peu discret, J.D se lève puis s'étire, sa main se tend vers moi pour m'aider à me relever. - Par contre on va faire attention à ton tibia, je ne voudrais pas rallonger ta convalescence... » Je le laisse me porter jusqu'à ma chambre, j'ai été réticent à l'idée qu'il puisse me porter comme une fille, mais en fait, je suis bien contre lui, contre son torse. Je souris rempli d'une chaleur douce. Il va prendre soin de moi, il prend déjà soin de moi, depuis ce début d'après-midi. J.D. m'allonge dans le lit, je me resserre contre lui, serein comme rarement. On s'observe dans la pénombre, quelques courtes minutes, et puis on se laisse emporter par nos envies, par la nature qui reprend ses droits. J'ignore si c'est de l'amour, j'ignore si je vais regretter demain, ou juste après, à moins que je me dégonfle avant la fin. Je n'ai jamais fait ça avec un garçon. Je n'ai même jamais imaginé faire ça avec un homme ! Mais j'y suis, nu contre son corps. Je sens son souffle contre ma peau, ses dents qui impriment ma chair, ses ongles qui écorchent mon derme, j'ignore si j'aime ça, mais mon corps lui, s'en contente. Je tire sur sa veste, puis sa chemise, cherchant la chaleur que son corps recèle. Ça fait tellement de bien de ressentir une chaleur correspondre avec la sienne. Sentir un écho envahissant. J'ai besoin de lui, j'ai besoin de sa chaleur maintenant. Je sens son corps se tendre, assis à califourchon sur mon bassin, il fait la moue puis inspire profondément avant de prendre la parole. - J'ai aussi un secret, je pense que... t'as le droit de savoir. » - Hm? » - Tu te souviens de la morsure que ces loups m'ont laissée ? » - Oui... t'as eu un mal fou à remarcher correctement. » - J'ai subi pas mal d'opérations, plus ou moins foireuses pour récupérer toute ma mobilité... Ça a tellement été foireux ben... que j'ai plus de jambe. Ils ont été obligé de m'amputer à partir du genou. Je porte une prothèse nouvelle génération, m'enfin, j'aime pas trop exhiber ce genre de chose. Alors si tu veux bien... » - D'accord. » J'ignore pourquoi j'ai dit amen de cette façon, peut-être parce que je ne voulais que de cette nuit, sans essayer d'aller plus loin. Il se colle contre moi et il commence à bouger, à frotter nos deux sexes l'un contre l'autre. Je pensais que ça me dégoûterait, mais même pas ! C'est électrisant, je le sens gonfler et durcir contre moi, je sens son excitation grimper le long de son corps, je caresse son dos, ses bras, on s'embrasse, on s'extasie et bien que je sois tranquille avec l'idée d'être avec un homme dans mon lit, je me refuse à ce qu'il y ait une quelconque pénétration. Il fait jour, j'ai un sourire qui grimpe le long de mes lèvres, je me tourne vers l'autre côté du lit, caressant la place à mes côtés. Il n'est plus là. Une nuit, c'était ce qui avait été convenu, mais j'avais espéré me réveiller à ses côtés, pour voir son visage baigné de lumière. Sa place est froide, ça doit faire bien longtemps qu'il est parti. Je n'ai jamais essayé de le revoir... ni même de l'appeler…[Chapter 2] Après demain 2 - Papa, pâpa ! » Frank me tire par la manche depuis quinze bonne minutes, c'est notre week-end, j'essaye d'être le père que j'aurais voulu avoir. J'ai réservé ma journée pour m'occuper de mes deux fils, on a fait les magasins pour voir les vitrines de Noël, et maintenant on se dirige vers un salon de thé, puisqu'ils veulent aaabsolument des cookies et des glaces. Je passe rarement du temps avec mes propres enfants, mais quand je suis avec eux, je fais en sorte de ne rien leur refuser, dans une certaine limite cela dit. On s'installe enfin à une table et tandis qu'ils se goinfrent de glace chocolat/cerise je regarde les gens passer, s'affairant à leurs diverses occupations. En fait, je pense à autre chose, comme d'habitude, je suis en train de penser à mes équations scientifiques au lieu de prêter attention à eux. Je ne suis définitivement pas un bon père... Quelque chose attire mon regarde, j'ai le cœur qui rate un battement puis qui s'affole, je tremble pressant mon gobelet de café. Ce n'est pas un regard, ni même une image qui s'impose à mon être, mais plutôt une sorte de sixième sens qui m'appelle, je me lève d'un seul homme courant hors du café, poussant les gens, oubliant jusqu'à même l'existence de mes propres enfants. Je me jette en avant, saisissant une manche de manteau dans la foule qui me pousse en arrière. Je ne le lâcherais pas, car si cela devait arriver, je ne le retrouverais pas. Il ne doit pas disparaître ! J'entends mes enfants appeler un père inconscient au milieu de la rue bondée. J'ai le souffle court, la personne se retourne puis me regarde. Il y a un long moment de silence, entrecoupé par la voix d'une tierce personne. - J.D ? Tu viens ? » Un jeune homme blond se tourne vers nous, il me regarde de biais puis se rapproche de celui que je tiens par la manche. Je ne pensais pas le voir, enfin pas le rencontrer dans ce genre de circonstance. Pas ici, pas de cette façon, pas aujourd'hui. Je ne suis pas prêt, pas encore, que dois-je lui dire… et surtout que faire ?! Ma main tremble, je lâche son manteau, me rendant compte que sa main est ornée d'une bague en argent. J'ai le cœur qui se comprime. Je ne lui dirais jamais à quel point j'ai crevé d'envie de l'appeler, de le revoir, mais que je m'en suis empêché, me noyant de moi-même dans le travail. J'ai oublié de vivre, pour l'oublier lui. Mon regard se tourne vers le jeune homme qui maintenant a passé son bras autour de ses épaules. Je suis déçu, mais qu'espérai-je ? Qu'il allait m'attendre toutes ces années ? C'est idiot, on ne s'appelle pas tous Sam Hall zéro pour cent de vie sociale ! Une chanson de noël est distillée par une boutique de jouets sur ma droite, deux mains s'accrochent à ma veste et deux enfants en pleures me reprochent d'avoir voulu les abandonner. Ça ne me fait rien, en fait je suis brisé par cette révélation : J.D. en couple avec un autre homme. Je le regarde une dernière fois, il semble se focaliser sur mes enfants, non plus sur moi. Il ne me regarde plus. Il ne veut sûrement pas voir le trouillard que je suis, normal, je suis une personne méprisable. Un goutte tombe sur ma joue, je ne rends compte qu'après coup que ce n'est pas une goutte de pluie, mais une larme. Il s'est trouvé quelqu'un, il est avec un bel homme, sûrement heureux et comblé. - J'espère que tu es heureux... » J'attrape mes fils puis je me retourne, j'ai du travail à faire, des équations à finir, je vais les ramener chez leur mère, je n'ai plus envie de jouer au père, pas après ça, pas après m'être rendu compte à quel point je suis faible et poltron. Je sers la main de mes enfants, m'enfonçant dans la foule, essayant à jamais de gommer l'homme que je suis aux yeux de tous. - On rentre chez maman. » - Noooon, t'avais promis ! » - Papa est un menteur les enfants... » - Papa, pourquoi tu pleures ? » Pourquoi je pleure ? Peut-être parce que la seule personne à avoir pris soin de moi s'est lassé de m'attendre et prend désormais soin d'un autre alors que j'ai définitivement besoin de lui. Parce que leur père est un abruti incapable de désirer assez fort quelque chose pour aller jusqu'au bout, parce que je me suis servi d'un ami pour le jeter ensuite, et passer à autre chose, parce que je ne sais pas écouter les autres, encore moins ma propre personne... Jamais je ne me suis senti aussi désespéré... - Et si je te dis non ! » Il vient d'hurler entre les passants, il n'a cependant pas bougé de place. Je m'arrête de marcher, tiraillé par tout ce qui vit en sourdine en moi, dois-je me retourner ? - Et si je te dis que je ne suis pas heureux, qu'est-ce que ça va changer ? Sam... je t'ai attendu huit ans. » Je le sais, je ne me rends pas compte du temps qui passe, lorsque mes garçons ont fêté leur neuf ans, je me suis aperçu à quel point le temps avait passé, à quel point je m'étais éloigné de lui, et pas que de lui, d'ailleurs. Je me disais que ça ne faisait qu'un ou deux ans, j'essayais de m'en persuader, j'avais presque réussi... Sa présence se rapproche de moi, sa voix, son odeur, il avance en ma direction, essayant peut-être de me faire réagir, attendant sûrement une réponse que je serais incapable de lui donner. Pardon… J.D. - Sam ?! J'aurais compris, tu sais... j'aurais accepté ton mode de vie, j'aurais accepté de passer après ton putain de boulot ! Je me serais fait discret, je t'aurais toujours attendu, je t'aurais été fidèle, et t'imagines pas à quel point ! J'aurais pu, ne pas faire partie officiellement de ta vie, pour toi, ton job et tes gosses, mais si toi, tu n'as pas un peu de place pour moi... que puis-je bien y faire ? Alors fait pas le surpris, s'il te plait... » Il a raison, je n'ai rien à dire, je n'ai rien, à lui reprocher, c'est moi le fautif, ça a toujours été moi. Il faudra que je m'excuse un jour à Laura de l'avoir traitée ainsi. Tout ce que j'ai détesté chez mon père, je le reproduis, non à l'identique, ce qui pourrait pu être pardonnable, mais en pire, bien pire… Je continue mon chemin, mieux vaut que je continue mon chemin... Qu'il m'oublie car rien de bon ne saura éclore de moi. - Répond putain ! Sam répond-moi ! » Je ne peux pas, je courbe le dos, mieux vaut qu'il continue sa vie, que ce blond le prenne pour ce qu'il est, qu'il l'aime comme moi je ne saurais jamais l'aimer. Quelqu'un m'empoigne par le bras, le choc me fait perdre l'équilibre, bel et si bien que je n'oppose aucune résistance au mouvement qui me fait faire un arc de cercle. Les yeux embués de larmes, je lève le regard sur mon agresseur, je n'ai pas le temps de le voir réellement, car un choc me fait fermer les yeux, mon corps tangue puis s'écroule contre le bitume froid, j'ai mal à la mâchoire. Le coup n'est pas au singulier, au contraire, j'ai le droit à un second, puis un troisième, ce n'est pas ses coups qui me font mal, mais la douleur qu'il m'envoie à travers son regard, dans le désespoir qui aspire sa vie. - T'es un salaud, Sam t'es un salaud ! Accepte au moins qui tu es, accepte au moins ça ! Arrête de te défiler ! On va finir par te haïr, tu vas te haïr ! C'est vraiment ce que tu veux ? » Peut-être... je n'en sais rien en fait. Je le laisse me frapper sans essayer de l'arrêter, que dois-je faire ? Plus j'y pense moins je trouve, alors je laisse l'instant présent m'étreindre, je profite du moment où les coups se font moins virulent pour attraper ses bras et l'arrêter. Je regarde ses yeux rouges puis j'attrape sa nuque que j'approche de moi. - J.D, je suis incapable d'aimer quelqu'un, j'essaye, mais je n'y arrive pas. » - Je n'en attendais pas tant, Sam. » - J'ignore si y'a un avenir… » - Si tu n'y crois pas, il n'y en aura pas. » - Tu y crois pour deux ? » - Pour bien plus encore. » Il me fait un sourire fade, et bien qu'il vienne de me prouver qu'il serait prêt à pardonner cette faiblesse qui me caractérise, tant que je n'aurais pas changé, je ne pourrais pas prendre soin de lui comme j'en aurais envie. Au fond, peut-être que nous deux n'existera jamais, peut-être que j'ai loupé le coche, il y a de cela longtemps. J'embrasse ses lèvres, murmurant toute l'insignifiance que j'ai, puis je me retourne m'en allant au loin. Pardon… pardonne-moi. - Mr Hall ? Quelqu'un demande à vous voir. » Je viens de terminer mon nouveau prototype, toute la presse en parle, il y aura une démonstration très prochainement devant le consortium scientifique planétaire, je ne dors pas depuis deux jours, et malgré le soutien de mon père, de mes fils et de mon ex-femme, mon état de stress empire de secondes en secondes. Je regarde ma secrétaire, l'air paniqué, si c'est encore une interview, je vais péter un câble ! - J'ai pas le temps ! » Le temps, j'ai enfin compris qu'il me glissait entre les doigts, j'ai enfin compris que Sam Hall avait encore beaucoup à faire avant de devenir l'homme qu'il voulait absolument devenir. Je vérifie à nouveau mes calculs tandis que sous les yeux émerveillés de mes fils le réacteur hydrolytique se met en route. Grâce à l'eau, à simplement 10 litres d'eau, j'ai de quoi fournir de l'énergie à un immeuble entier. Je ne dis pas que c'est parfait, il y a encore du travail, mais c'est l'espoir qui naît, enfin. Mes enfants sourient, fiers de leur père, ou tout du moins de cet homme qu'ils n'ont jamais cessé d'aimer et d'appeler papa. Un père jamais présent, mais qui n'a jamais cessé lui non plus de les aimer du fin fond de son cœur. Les meilleurs moments que j'ai partagés avec eux, ce sont ceux que j'ai partagé avec mon père. Loin du monde, en arctique au milieu de la banquise et des pingouins, dans les stations météo et sur le terrain à creuser dans la calotte polaire… - Papa, je crois que tu devrais l'avoir le temps. » Frank fait la moue, oui, je sais, une interview ne me fera pas de mal, je travaille depuis trente-deux heures non-stop, je suis fatigué cela dit, je n'ai d'autres choix que de continuer, car Sam Hall ne supporterait pas l'échec. Mon père se rapproche de mes fils, ils vont essayer de mettre un autre de leur plan en route pour que je lâche ce tableau blanc… heu… noir, mon dieu, j'ai plus de place ! Et si… - Sam, lâche ce tableau et va dans la salle de repos maintenant ! Tes calculs sont bons, tu les as vérifié sept fois maintenant, de plus ton invention fonctionne, tu nous l'as prouvé. Un chercheur doit aussi savoir s'arrêter. » La main de mon père arrache le crayon que j'ai dans les mains, soit, je vais m'arrêter puisqu'il l'exige. Mes fils me sourient, avant de se plonger dans les plans qu'Arold a conçus pour la machine. Frank me surprend, il ne sera sûrement pas scientifique pour deux sous, mais il comprend bien plus rapidement que moi la complexité des circuits et comment doivent s'imbriquer les pièces d'une machine. Il sera fort probable qu'il ait quelque chose à faire ou dire lorsqu'il sera temps de construire le prochain prototype. Terry, lui, sera le fidèle successeur de son père, et de son grand père. Ils n'ont que treize ans, mais j'ai déjà l'impression qu'ils ont un chemin tout tracé devant eux… Je soupire, les paupières de plus en plus lourdes. J'ai mené une vie vidée de sens, j'ai tout sacrifié pour cette invention, et maintenant qu'elle est presque finie, je me sens incomplet. Je me sens atrocement vidé de tout ce qui faisait de moi, il y a encore quelques jours, le très célèbre scientifique Sam Hall. Il n'y a plus rien… je n'ai plus rien. Mes enfants sont grands, je ne les ai pas vu grandir, mon père se fait vieux, Laura a deux petites filles avec son nouveau mari, Jason est papa d'une petite Katie et travail pour la NASA, et moi, que me reste-t-il ? Maintenant que tout est fini, je vais retrouver mon inutilité. Je sors de la salle principale pour me glisser vers la salle de repos, il doit être quatorze heures, peut-être pour ça que le distributeur de barres vitaminées me fait de l'œil. Bon, ok, un dernier café, une dernière clope et un truc pour me caler l'estomac. Ça me fera du bien de manger un peu ! Enfin ça aurait pu me faire du bien, si… - Et merde ! » Si j'avais de la monnaie sur moi, cela dit. J'attrape ma cigarette, ça sera toujours ça de pris. - Mr Hall aurait-il un problème ? » - Mr Hall en a ras la casquette des interviews, prenez un ticket pour demain ! » - Je n'étais pas venu pour ça… J'étais plutôt venu parler affaires. » - Hum ? » - Études de marchés, productivité, rendement, je pense que tout cela ne vous parle pas. » - Pas trop non… » - Alors, tu vas avoir besoin de moi, mon grand ! » Mon regard complètement lessivé se lève sur mon interlocuteur, si y'avait bien une personne que je ne m'attendais pas à voir mais que j'attendais tout de même, c'était bien lui ! A croire qu'il avait le don de me tomber dessus au moment où j'en avais à la fois besoin et à la fois pas du tout envie. - T'es pas beau à voir… » - Merci. » - J'ai entendu parler de ta trouvaille, je me suis dit que tu aurais besoin de moi… » - Pas faux, je serais plus serein si c'est toi qui le commercialise. » - Je ferais selon tes vœux. » - Merci... » - Alors c'est moi qui offre, tu préfères, Mars, Snickers, M&Ms;, Twix ou Bounty, et je te propose un grand café chaud pour faire descendre tout ça. » Pourquoi est-il comme ça ? Comme si ça ne le dérangeait pas de me revoir après tout ce temps, comme si il me pardonnait tout, comme si il ne m'en avait jamais voulu. Je le regarde s'installer à mes côtés, sa main me tend une barre que j'avale avec une lenteur déconcertante, mon café fait des volutes blanches, je dirais presque que ça me berce, et lentement, je glisse ma tête sur son épaule. Il a toujours su me faire du bien… Mes bras agrippent celui dont la main vient de se refermer sur ma cuisse et je soupire d'aise. - Et maintenant ? » - Hum ? » - Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire ? » - Je l'ai fait. » - Et demain ? » - Demain, je fais cette conférence, après demain, j'espère simplement que tu seras encore là. » - Oui… » Sa voix se brise en un sanglot, ses bras m'immobilisent contre son corps, ça me fait un bien fou, oui, mon vide se rempli de lui. Je lui fais un court sourire empreint d'un bien-être doux et profond. - J'espère qu'un jour on me pardonnera tout ce que je t'ai fait endurer. » - Il faudra pour ça que tu te rattrapes. On a dix années à rattraper, à vivre à deux cents pour cent… » - Après-demain… après-demain… il n'y aura plus que toi dans ma vie… » Mes yeux se ferment de plus en plus longuement, je le sens me soulever de terre puis m'emmener dans la salle de repos. Oui… après demain, j'aimerais qu'on reprenne le court de cette journée, dans laquelle j'aurais aimé me réveiller à ses côtés. 2008 corrections 2009 ! ","Summary":" Note de l'auteur : Tout ce qui suit appartient plus ou moins à la heuuu... Fox ? Enfin, tout du moi"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Father?","Author":"Lavenderotakuace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12839901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is one of my other fanfics (all are wips btw, but I'm working on this one bc it's the shortest (I think)) and this is my second-most-recent fanfic. I don't know how things work on this site (yet). This one is sorta short for now and I won't update it much because of he- I mean school. Also I was going to name this \"Daddy\" but... that would sound... inappropriate. This is an AU, where the FLDSMDFR can talk. Also this is in Flint's POV... Chapter 1 [2.13.10] I picked up the last box. It was very heavy, for some odd reason. \"I have too many boxes!\" I groaned as I carried the box to the table, where the other parts were. I planned to repair and reprogram my machine, a machine that turns water into food using microwave radiation. It got overloaded and nearly destroyed the world. If my father hadn't sent me the Kill Code, I wouldn't be here right now. I set the box on the table with the others. Suddenly, the box started moving. It rolled itself off the table and onto the floor. It froze, then moved again; it landed right at my feet. I bent down to the box, which decided to stop moving as soon as it hit my feet, and opened it. Inside was the FLDSMDFR. It was no longer black and red like I last saw it; it was its original colors, white and orange. It looked at me in a strange way and said, \"Daddy?\" I was shocked. I never programmed it to speak anything other than food names. The fact that it said \"daddy?\" made me even more worried. \"Daddy?\" It asked again. May as well figure out what it needs, I thought to myself, half gingerly, half annoyed. I touched it. It was freezing cold. No, more than that; it was -273 degrees Kelvin! I took one of my blankets off the bed and wrapped the machine in the blanket. I then found a random shoe box and put a pillow in it. I put the machine in the box; it purred in response. I slumped down onto my bed and groaned an \"ugh!\" Then, my machine stood on top of my stomach and asked inquisitively, \"Daddy hurt?\" \"No,\" I responded. \"Just a little bit tired.\" \"Why?\" It asked. \"I lifted heavy stuff,\" I said, starting to get annoyed. \"Why?\" \"Because metal is heavy.\" \"Why?\" I gave it a sharp glare, hoping it would get the hint to shut up, but it asked again, \"Why?\" \"I don't know! How is water wet?!\" I snapped at the machine, who was in deep thought. It hesitated for a moment, went over to my desk and knocked a stack of letters off my desk. \"Paper,\" It said joyfully. \"Paper!\" I groaned. \"Yes, that's paper. Please don't destroy my lab.\" It proceed to knock more paper off of my desk, every so often screaming \"Paper!\" It still is doing that now, as I write here. Book that can't tell me anything, tell me how I'm to cope with this machine that's turning into this metal version of Steve?[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 [2.14.10] I woke up at 6:00am and glanced at my calendar. Oh shit! It's Valentine's day! I totally forgot to get something for Sam! I jumped out of bed, only to be greeted by back pain. I let out a very loud screech of, \"OUCH!\", then rubbed my back. As if it was a signal, the FLDSMDFR came out of nowhere screaming, \"Daddy!\" It tackled me to the ground, scurrying all over my stomach, making me snort. \"I'm fine! Daddy's fine!\" I (tried to) soothe it through hiccups of laughter. \"I'm just in a tiny bit of pain!\" I stood up, only to trip over the shoe box I made for it earlier. It then exclaimed, \"You fell!\" \"Noooo?\" I said sarcastically and got up, only to hear, \"Welcome Flint.\" I grabbed the can of Spray-on-Shoes I keep at the side of my bed and went towards the door. I saw Dad, carrying some eggs and toast. \"Oh... mornin' skipper,\" He said awkwardly. As he did, the machine flew over to Dad screaming, \"Stay away from my daddy!\" Dad lifted his monobrow. \"You reactivated that thing?!\" \"No!\" I shrieked. \"It reactivated itself! I only want to fix it while it was off!\" He stared at me, as if he didn't believe me or understand. So I continiued, \"It somehow had a complete personality change, too! It wanted to kill me, and now it's overprotective! Its color changed, too! It was black and red in the Meat-a-roid, but now its original colors!\" Dad no longer looked angry, he looked more astonished. \"You have some real talent son,\" He said, \"to let alone make a machine that turns water into food, then have it reprogram itself, and even change its color!\" I facepalmed and slumped to the floor. Of course, the machine went to my side and said, \"Daddy hurt?\" My dad dropped the plate and his jaw dropped. \"It can talk too?!\" I stood up, walked over to my computer desk, and banged my head on it. The fact that it was valentine's day stressed me out enough, now I had my annoying toddler-like machine and my dad to deal with. \"Careful, Flint,\" My dad tried to comfort me. \"You don't want to hurt yourself.\" I inhaled, then let out a very loud groan. Everything went black after that... When I woke up, I was still at my desk, but Dad was holding me. I looked at him. \"Are ya' okay, son?\" Dad asked as I looked for the FLDSMDFR, which was under Dad's arm. I guess Dad was trying to keep it away from me. \"Son?\" He asked again when I didn't respond. \"Sure.\" I said, getting up. I took my wallet (which had only about $20 in it), put on my lab coat, and went out the door. \"Where are you going, son?\" Dad was asking too many questions. \"I have to get something for Sam,\" I said, \"It's Valentine's day.\" \"Oh ok,\" He responded. \"Want me to watch your lab for you?\" I sighed. I think we both knew that when Dad said 'the lab', he meant 'the machine.' \"Sure,\" I said. ... I went to the nearby store and picked up some roses and a chocolate heart for Sam. Little did I know, that after I paid for everything, she was right outside the door. \"Hi, Flint!\" She exclaimed when I stepped out of the store. I screamed and dropped the stuff I bought. I looked down at it sadly. Sam picked it up and said, \"Thanks, you're so sweet!\" I felt myself turn as red as a tomato. Sam giggled and asked, \"I was wondering if we could hang out in your lab... so, can we?\" \"Uh...\" I hesitated. Dad and the FLDSMDFR were in my lab. Dad was mad enough that the machine was reactivated, how would Sam react? Or worse, how would she react when she sees the machine could talk? \"Sure.\" \"Ok!\" Sam said as she tugged my arm to my lab. When we got in the lab, paper was everywhere . I saw Dad buried in paper; he looked tired. \"Whoa,\" Sam said when she saw the place. \"What happened here?\" Dad growled, \"That tin can over there happened! As soon as you left, Flint, it landed on a stack of paper next to me. I looked at and tried to talk to it, but it exclaimed 'paper!' and knocked it off your desk. I put it back up there and told it to not do that, but it saw this as a game and knocked all the paper off of your desk. At this point I was pissed . I chased it around your lab, then slipped on a bunch of paper, scattering it everywhere. It then went into hiding.\" Sam was trying hard not to burst into laughter while Dad told this story. I was beyond angry, if anything. \" FLDSMDFR! \" I called. It appeared out of nowhere and tackled me again, screaming \"Daddy!\" happily, and multiple times. Sam couldn't hold it in anymore. She burst into laughter. But I couldn't take it anymore either. I grabbed the machine, put it in its shoe box, put the lid on it, and slumped into bed. \"It's only 4:00pm, Flint!\" Sam called, still laughing. \"I don't give a fuck!\" I screamed back, then drifted into sleep, ignoring the FLDSMDFR's calls of, \"Daddy?\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 [2.15.10] I woke up to the smell of pancake. I opened my eyes and saw a huge pancake on top of me. I screamed, then remembered the FLDSMDFR, who was right on my chest. Of course, it says, \"Daddy?\" I was getting tired of it calling me \"daddy\", so I told it to call me \"Flint.\" It didn't understand. \"Daddy! Daddy!\" \"Do you speak English?!\" I screamed. \"Hablas Espanol!?\" \"What?\" It said. I glared at it. It repeated itself, \"What?\" Near my computer, Sam was trying her hardest to not snort in laughter. I gave her a sharp glare, but that made her worse. I took the FLDSMDFR off of my chest and put it beside me. Of course now it decided to call me by my first name. \"Flint?\" \"Oh now you get it?!\" I yelled. Sam was busting a gut at my computer desk. I got out of bed and stomped to her. \"Shut up,\" I said sternly. That just made her laugh harder. On my shoulder I felt a tap. My machine was there, inquiring, \"Flint hungry?\" \"HUNGRY!\" Steve screamed from across the lab. He took the pancake off of my bed and ran across my lab with it. My machine let out an angry hiss, then chased after Steve. I snickered. It was hilarious to watch a monkey run with a huge pancake, with a machine chasing after him. Eventually I started busting a gut with Sam. My machine noticed and threw a giant egg at me and a giant toast at Sam, which made us laugh harder. That's how the rest of our day went; running around our lab trying to stop being murdered by my machine. A/N: I might write one or two more chapters, because I want to upload my other fanfics. My next one may be the darker ending one...[Chapter 4] A/N: Final chapter. Sorry that this fanfic is short, but I want to upload my darker ending one. Chapter 4 [a few months later...] I'm going to sound stupid saying this, but I grounded my machine. Wanna know why? It started towards the beginning of March. It was going around my lab, screaming \"Paper!\" over and over again. Nothing out of the ordinary, right? Wrong. Very, very wrong . It started going crazy and throwing food around my lab, upsetting Steve to no end. It took me forever to calm them down, and when I did, the FLDSMDFR hit Steve on the head with an egg. Steve fell unconscious. When I worried about him I screamed \"you're grounded!\" at the top of my lungs, making me lightheaded. It then literally said, yes told me flat out, \"Catch me if you can, bitch.\" It went out the window and onto the street , and almost killed someone while I chased after it. When I did catch it, it cut my wrist, making blood run down my arm and into my lab coat. I gave it the Kill Code (temporarily) and repaired it. I then went to the hospital to get my wrist looked at, only to figure out that one of my bones got dislocated, and I needed surgery to correct it. It cost $900 for the surgery itself, and about $125 for the pills I had to take. After I recovered, I reactivated the machine, which said, \"I'm sorry Flint daddy.\" I responded, \"It's fine, but you're still grounded.\" I grounded it for about 3 months (its punishment was not being able to make anything or move in my lab), then stopped because today, June 8th 2010, is its birthday. I went down to the store and bought some party hats, a chocolate cake (with no peanut butter in it), some balloons, and other party supplies. I then called Dad, Brent, Manny, Sam, Steve, and Earl and told them what I wanted them to do. \"Steve!\" I yelled as I pointed at the monkey. \"Keep the FLDSMDFR busy!\" \"Paper!\" He yelled and ran into my lab. He took a bunch of paper and lured the machine into the house. Perfect! I told everyone else to set up decorations and gifts; stuff like that. In the middle of preparing, I realized my gift was in Dad's room... where the FLDSMDFR and Steve are. \"Don't worry Flint,\" My dad soothed, \"It'll turn out fine.\" \"That's not what I'm worried about,\" I said. \"I'm worried because I left my gift in your room.\" \"Oh,\" My dad responded, then held it up, \"I grabbed it at the last second.\" I breathed a sigh of relief. I put the gift (wrapped in orange and white paper) on the table with the cake. Two hours later... It was finally finished. We did good, except for Sam spelling \"FLDSMDFR\" wrong. She wrote it as \"FLDSIMDFR\". I pointed it out, and she tried to drench the M over the I. Now it just looked messy more than anything. I told everyone to hide. I turned off the lights and went to the house. There was paper all over the floor, which I expected. The FLDSMDFR was staring at Steve, who was sleeping on a piece of paper. \"Flint daddy?\" It asked. \"STEVE!\" Steve shrieked, startled. I snorted in amusement, then turned to the FLDSMDFR. \"We have a surprise for you in the lab.\" \"Souprize?\" It asked. \"Yes!\" I responded, then turned to Steve. I gave him a tiny gummy bear. \"Good monkey.\" I told the machine to follow me, and it did, Steve following behind. Before we entered the lab, I explained excitedly, \"A year ago this day, I invented you. I wired you, built you, and painted you. I figured we'd celebrate that...\" With that being said, I flicked on the lights, and everyone jumped out screaming, \"SURPRISE!\" The machine stared for a moment, then noticed the gift. Brent (who was under the table, thus being closer to it) patted it and said, \"Who's the birthday girl?\" I got enraged immediately. This is something Brent and I have been arguing about lately. I gave my machine no gender, but a male voice. Brent sees it as a female, merely because it has a hole in the bottom. I walked over to the cake and picked up the knife. Before I cut the cake, I said sternly, \"Say my machine is a girl again, and this will be in your chest.\" Brent shut up immediately and watched me cut the cake. The machine was guarding its gift. It seemed more interested in standing on it than opening it. \"Do ya want me to open that for you?\" I asked. It looked down on the gift, then said, \"Yes.\" I opened the gift, revealing a picture of me covered in white paint, with the machine next to me, painted, built, and wired. \"This is just before I powered you up,\" I said. \"I'M IN IT!\" It shrieked excitedly, then tackled me to the ground. \"I LOVE YOU FLINT DADDY!\" I wrapped my arms around it and said, \"I love you too.\" A/N: While writing this and looking over my other fanfics, I've decided what I want to upload next. I'll upload \"CWACOM Darker Ending\" (that's seriously its name) after this one, then \"How [not] to Cope with Depression\", because if I upload those two next to each other, It'll make more since, especially since both of them are dark fanfics. Also, I have no evidence that June 8th is when the FLDSMDFR was invented, it's a random date I made up (actually I think it's my grandfather's birthday). ","Summary":" A/N: This is one of my other fanfics (all are wips btw, but I'm working on this one bc it's the sho"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Shota and I","Author":"AliceUchihaLockwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10542706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: And... here I am, with a new fanfic, it's... a What If and an AU in part Btw, I had the idea before, but Trainmaster97, you beat me :V * Prologue * Somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean, there is an island called Swallow Falls, an island-style Jurassic Park, there rests the Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super Mutation Dynamic Food Replicator, shortening, the FLDSMDFR. It had spent about five months after the famous food storm; the island was abandoned and now habited by Live Corporation Inc. They were looking for it, so he created the foodimals, so as to protect him and be safe. He had been locked inside a huge mountain: the Big Rock Candy Mountain, also known as the cradle of life. Since Live Corp. became, in secret was stealing some of their stuff with the help of his cheespiders, parts of robot to build a body, a human body, it would become an Android. His current body probablywouldn't last much longer, and if Live Corp. came to catch him there would be problems. Several months later he succeeded, thanks to his foodimals that helped him to do so. His body was of a tall man, his age more or less 30 years, brown hair, a long-sleeved turtle neck, white with orange lines, as its design and his original body, brown pants, and a band of white and orange with a screen in the middle of this, not to lose its original design style. And with a USB cable connected from his original body to his new body, began the transfer of data. Other days it was practice to learn how to talk, act, walk and move like a normal human, was complicated enough the first few times, until finally he got used to his new body. How would he create new foodimals? Easy, wirelessly, was now free to move where he want to. But things changed when some foodimals found two strange youths in the river, one was identical to the creator of the FLDSMDFR, and the other was a young woman of brown hair long with a monkey's tail, both very injured. The foodimals took them up to above so he can see them. The young man hugged the woman with force, trying to protect her from something despite being unconscious. As soon as they came up, the new FLDSMDFR went to see what found, then its creator like young awaked barely. For some reason he was too wounded, as well as the young. For the first time in his life he felt concern, concern by its creator, or copy thereof, the young man just looked, but his vision was very blurry and could not distinguish very well, also tried to standup but was useless, because that wasted much energy, too much so to speak was missing... —Who are you? —asked the young —I am the FLDSMDFR... —Are you... you...? —Yes, I made this body to move me for myself —he said proud —I'm glad for you... Ugh... The body of the young man shrank; a few sparks appeared in his around, the FLDSMDFR was very concerned by the situation of its \"creator\". Quickly removed his coat and he gave it to FLDSMDFR, and asked him please take care of the young woman, and put his coat, after a few moments, this began to fade as the paper, the young man cried having to leave the world of the living... Another new feeling appeared in he... appeared the pain inside him, having seen something so sad as that... he wanted to weep for something as well, but could not since it was an android yet. Holding the coat of the young, the new FLDSMDFR was going to take care of his next order, care for the young woman... A/N: The prologue xd Thanks to a few images of a tumblr artist called Zen-peppers and with a little help from S.M.F. this idea came xD Cloudy with a chance of meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animation I just own the OC's[Chapter 2] It had passed more or less other 4 days since that sad day for him, and had truly hurt him see its\"creator\" to disappear as if nothing in his honour andin sign of respect, even after everything left many flowers, even if there was nothing, although he left a corner of the mountain to leave the flowers... the young woman was resting quietly, and he couldn't stop looking at her, he put the lab coat to the young woman and returned it to let it rest. It seemed so peaceful sleeping that way, transmitting up to him an air of peace. When he least expected it, she was rising up, and quickly went to see her. She had many difficulties to open her eyes, her vision was blurry for it, so she could just see it, he put his hand behind her back and helped her to sit, the vision of it improved enough... —Mmm... ugh... where...? Where... am I...? Wait a second... who am I...? —thought she When she turned he saw a stranger with one eye, the FLDSMDFR smiled, she was confused, and also seemed scared... to break the ice he spoke: —Hello —He... Hello... w-who are you...? H-how I ended up here...? I-in w-where am I? —said, she had a Latin accent. —First: I am the Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super Mutating Food Replicator, o for short, FLDSMDFR, second: you will find in the river and third are within the Big Rock Candy Mountain —ended it, the girl was looking at vacuum, then continued —What is you rname? —I... I... I don't remember it... I don't remember anything... not even my name... also... my head hurts... —Oh... — He said and began to rub her back —sorry... She said nothing, some fluid began to come out of her eyes, they were tears, she was crying, the FLDSMDFR could feel her pain... almost loses memory after the explosion of the meat-a-roid, without forgetting that it was really almost destroyed, it still wondering how he survived that, didn't know if he was still power or just seemed... almost forgot its basic functions, and was a miracle for it to continue to operate. Then an idea occurred to him —With that don't have name huh? What you think...Let's see, you have a Latin accent... maybe Sarah...? —Sarah? I feel good, is a nice name, and why I don't call you Shota? —Shota? —Yes, it is by abbreviating your name, I don't think I can remember your name and tell you so always, Shota, in short the abbreviated The FLDSMDFR, or rather \"Shota\" smiled, and acceptedthe name, then passed his hand to Sarah and helped her to stand up. —Look, do you see that old machine? —Yes —That is my old body —Really? I want to see it! Before Shota could say something, she surprisingly jumped and became where the old body of her new friend was, it was old, the screen was broken, the folded legs and also was a bit burnt. Some branches surrounded it, then Shota explained: —I'm a machine capable of creating food from water, water goes in the top — said pointing to the head —and food comes out the bottom. —Woah, amazing... —Almost six months ago I was created by a scientist named Flint Lockwood, that the FL at the beginning, because I consumed a lot of energy, we went to the city power plant electricity, but unintentionally I absorbed more energy than necessary, and I went flying into the stratosphere. My first order was to create cheeseburgers, and I absorbed the water within the clouds, and I did a rain of burgers —A-we-some —said she thrilled — Flint Lockwood...that name sounds like... —Yes, but... as they increased orders should absorb more clouds and radiation of energy increased, to the point that my food is on it mutated, and I cashed there own consciousness, although I couldn't already control my functions, then expanded a cloud of food all over the world, and locked me inside a giant meat-a-roid. I created sensitive food genetically created to protect me from the intruders. —Continues! —My creator attempted to stop me when he started to spin me, but the communication station was destroyed by something or someone, so it had to come to manually turn me off. I did everything to make me let go but I couldn't, before killing him throwing the last batch of clouds which was missing, he sealed my hole and I was nearly destroyed — And how you survived Shota? —I don't know, I think it was just luck, what I do know is that it was working again, and that a company wants to catch me for something; it was for this reason that I created to the foodimals. —He said, then came a very small idea —Sarah —Yes? —Would you like to see how I create to the zoosobras? —Yes please Shota! —Look then to my old body She did Shota asked of him, and looked towards the old body of his new friend, and then the screen went on in multicolor tone pixels —Marshmallow —he said The branches that were there let run a ball of energy that it was going to end up in a carnivorous plant, and there came a small marshmallow, then began to swim and nothing appeared a family of marshmallows, licked one of them to the new, more and more marshmallows appeared and surrounded it —Mew -—said one of them Everyone began to make the same sound and jumpedon her, tickling her, were on their feet, others in her hands and some on her neck. She laughed loudly and Shota was glad to see her happy, it felt weird, but in a sincere way he liked to feel it. —Well guys, now, calm. —Mew Shota and Sarah began to laugh, marshmallows fell from it and went back, the old body of Shota is turned back on saying Burger, Shota grabbed his hand andstretched it so that it remains, down a glass columns up to what looked like a hamburger with fries and Sesame eyes legs. She quickly hid behind Shota by fear, he looked at her and smiled, returned to grab her handand the cheespider stood still, Shota made it touch it and it behaved like a dog —Just in time —he said Light ball arrived and there was cheese, and cheese left baby cheespiders, and all of them came up with their mother. Sarah smiled, then the little cheespiders saw her and came up beside her, tickling her again, only that these they roamed all over her body, and she laughed stronger than before —Not! Stop it! Stop it guys! hahahahahaha stop to tickle me! —Very good enough guys They also obeyed and got off of her, Shota told her: —All the foodimals you know that you are here, and you're not bad person, they are going to take care of and they'll protect you from Live Corp. —Live Corp.? What is Live Corp.? —They are a Scientific Corporation, but they are bad —How do know it? —My foodimals discovered something hidden in that word, you'll see, \"Live\" translated means life, vida in spanish, but if you turn all the letters it says \"Evil\", malo, we know that they want to catch me. There was a silence for a few seconds, she was going tosay something, then, a cheespider came with something and showed it to Shota... —And that? —asked the young —A... a tiger! Where did you find it? According to the cheespider, the tiger was lost in the forest, after examining it, decided to bring him next to him, Sarah grabbed the puppy and began to scratch his neck, making him purr, was a beautiful white tiger, insurance it would have fallen by accident into the sea or was perhaps to smuggle it, had some chances, Shota thought of something to get rid of Live Corp. —Are you a male or female? —asked him —Male —said she reviewed it —I'll put you Max —Are you planning to keep it to yourself? —Please Shota —she said with illuminated eyes —would like to preserve it... I promise that it will not cause any disaster —You promise it? —Yes, I promise. —Do I take it for a while? —asked —is to get rid of the Thinkuanau. I have an idea... —Okay, but I'll go with you —It's okay —He said, when he realized he was surprised—: wait what? Of course, that you will not go Sarah! It is very dangerous, and I will not run the risk to get caught and move you away from me... I am your manager and you'll do what you say. —Please… The android was forced in any way to be agreed on that, both came up in the Cheespider and Sarah bore Max arm, and they were. She was completely amazed with the paradise of food that watched, ostrichs made of bananas, flamingos made of mangoes, cockatoos made of fruits, mosquitoes made from toast, butter frogs, Buffalo meat, walrus of meatballs... it was amazing, she couldn't believe that Shota has created all that... —Shota... do you created all this? —So, do you like it? —I love it! It's the most amazing thing I ever seen… He felt something jumping from the inside, he felt happiness... was happy that she really liked what he did, and also hoped that its creator also came to like his creation A/N: This is officially the chapter 1[Chapter 3] A few minutes later, they came to the thinkquanaut base, hidden, a troop of 5 cheespiders arrived, beginning to examine the Tiger and Sarah for a few seconds, then deduced that they are not a threat to fear them, he told Sarah to let go her pet, a cheespider placed him at the door and hit, quickly disappearing. One of them opened the door and found the small tiger —So that is a \"thinkquanaut\" He lifted up to Max and then launched the attack, holding off guard all... —We are going to stay here to watch —he said Both were watching the attack, the cheespiders were destroying the base, one of them activated a camera, asking for assistance to the central base of Live Corp. being eaten by any of them, but the bad thing was that they would send more personnel to search for Shota... a few minutes later gave notice that it had already finished with them. The place was covered with spiderwebs made of cheese, single Max was in acorner of the recent battlefield, eating some meat that was found by chance. —Wow... what a great field of battle —said Sarah Both were happy to be free, then, the android began to levitate, while Sarah was fired to the sky, starting flying in all directions, much surprising Shota, and went back to heaven, also cheerful, a few minutes later, the young girl fell and began to play with Max and Shota, finally there was peace on the island. The next three days were pretty quiet and interesting, on the third night the young girl lay to sleep with Max, which was like a pillow, and who grew up at a pace alarmingly fast, already being a tiger adult and the strength of a horse, perfect to be mounted. Shota was in a state of hibernation for 12 hours, and recharging, so to speak... She had a strange dream, everything was white, fuzzy, she heard a distant voice, when she realized, she was who was screaming... —Flint! Flint! —was she screaming —Alice! Can you hear me?! Alicia! —answered someone All that is was waning, as ahe opened eyes found something agitated and near of tears, Max was looking to its owner in the eye, curious and slightly concerned... —Hello Max —whispered it —I'm OK, let's go backto sleep... The adult puppy simply did a snarl, as affirming thatYes, gave some laps so same and lay next to her, whoonly squeezed a little his lab coat, somethingconcerned and confused, according to wondering who she really was... *San Franjose, California* Chester V was watching a piece of confetti in the shapeof heart, an orangutan with an orange vest became very alarmed. —Sir! This is terrible! We have lost contact with the teams X and Y! —said Barb —What?! —Yes, the situation is bad sir, there is still no sign of the FLDSMDFR. Do you want to send to the Z team? —Are you crazy Barb? —Exclaimed Chester —It would deplete the alphabet, the thinkquanauts, just us made a sign of someone who is known the island to the right and backward, we need someone, someone smart but naive, someone that idol me and that has hit bottom and that also do all what I asked —ended up making the Lotus pose —But who is so desperate? —She asked, Chester put afinger to his head and spun it to where it was a gigantic multicolored paint stain —I believe that I have it... Chester had sent to Barb so find the one that could track it, Flint Lockwood, and after having manipulated him a bit, he decided to come in his quest to disconnect...the next day, after recruiting a Chicken Brent, Earl, Manny, Sam and Tim reluctantly, they came to the island... …And problems recently initiated to Shota and Sarah A/N: Remember that I live in Latin America, in that scene of the movie where Chester wanted to use Flint to track the machine, I wrote it since the dialogues of the latin american version XD[Chapter 4] Shota and Sarah were over a pair of Wild Scalions looking at the beautiful echosystem made of pure food, she had a enormous grin upon her face, Max was following them on earth, roaring at the wind time by time, being answered by the foodimals in the zone, a weird smell came to his nose, coming from the coast zone, at the entrance of the forest near to the recently destroyed Live Corp base, taking in count his unnormal height and size, his nose was very tuned, like or more than a humpter dog, giving the hability of smell more than two or three miles away. After give the advice to the android and his tamer, both were to see beneath some trees about who were the invaders this time, the machine did recognize one of them in the instant... —My creator… —he though Flashback mode: on —Charging — said Flint typing on his keyboard —súper voz mecánica —CHEESBURGUER —said the FLDSMDFR —Everyone is going to love this… He reminded Flint's emotion when he activated it, along the giant amount of energy that required, he decided to use some of the power of the town's power plant to make it work, but instead he sent it directly to the stratosphere, fulfilling the order of the cheeseburgers, what a nice form of derliver as a rain, and later the amount of orders made him \"lose control\", when the truth he was being controlled by Chester V, and that's the true reason of why he hates his company. Flashback mode: Off Flint Lockwood was using the Live Corp backpack like almost all his group excepting a strawberry blonde girl with glasses, who was using an explorer backpack, Shota realized something: Chester fooled its creator with whatever he said to him. Max was ready to go to attack them, ready to eat them all, if it wasn't by Sarah, he would do it, Shota was really worried about Flint's safety, wanting to open up his eyes no matter what. Earl walked at the front taking care about the cheespiders, directly to the former and abandoned base of the thinkquanauts, it was a really stupid moment when he cut the cheesweb, reason: sounded like a fart. —That was the cheese... —said Earl Everyone looked at him with the sarcastyc \"Don't tell me\" face, once they were inside, the android started to search if there was a sparkle of a foodimal, finding a strawberry, talking mentally to it, warned about the situation, asking it to delay the group the most time possible. The explorer crew got into the former base, looking for traces of something or someone, then a box moved, everyone guarded when they sensed that, and surrounded the little box, the young inventor opened the box, which had strawberry inside, he haven't realized it blinked. —Woah, that's the biggest strawberry I've ever seen in my life. —Yeah, but it looks looks like a perfectly normal, fresh, delicious strawberry —it has green eyes They started to scream, excepting for Manny, what a surprise when the berry said \"N-woo\", Flint jumped on Earl's right arm as he released the strawberry, who had little extremities made of leaf, starting to move making everyone run outside, closing the door. The inventor though that the berry got trapped inside, Sam pointed at his legs, finding it again, the woman took the berry and named it \"Barry\", Flint showed the P2USB device and the little foodimal took it, stressing young Lockwood. —Barry, give it to me... Barry didn't stop to repeat \"N-woo\", and he didn't know what did it mean. Poor dude, almost passed when it ate the P2USB and ran away into the forest. The whole gang ran towards it, making laugh Sarah and Shota. —Shota, what does \"N-woo\" means? —I'll tell you in another moment, for the moment the strawberry will be a perfect distraction to delay them, we have to go to the lab to recover the HDD of the computer of my creator, then will be harder to track me. —Good idea —said Sarah Max growled in agreement. They were moving conforming the other group were moving, seeing the face of wonder of everyone, he knew his creator was proud in part of him, but the fact of Chester controlling or manipulating or whatever he did, it was bugging him... Not losing a minute, jumped over Max's back and ran to Flint's lab to avoid being found... leaving the foodimals of the whole island to take care of him... A/N: I don't have excuses about my long hiatus with this story. I'll try to continue it soon again... I hope the translation is ok, ya' know why... *hides* ","Summary":" A/N: And... here I am, with a new fanfic, it's... a What If and an AU in part Btw, I had the idea b"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"The ABCs of Living with a Madman and Staying Sane","Author":"Trinity1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10828733","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One year ago. As the grandfather clock in the main hall struck twelve Barb was tiredly picking at the various flavors of proto food bars stuck in her teeth. Alone, Barb thought the bars were perfect. Together? Not so much and that was putting it lightly if the sour taste in her mouth was anything to go by. For the current forty five prototype bars, Barb was the sole taste tester, at first it had seemed Chester wanted her to make the final decision on which flavor was picked, not a hasty or random one of course. Chester had complained greatly about her first \"Ill thought out.\" choice and insisted she sleep on it. Repeatedly. This had gone on for over for weeks and as the ingredients became more strange and outlandish, Barb grew wary of setting foot in the lab, but no matter how many times she swore to herself in bed that he had lost his bloody marbles and she was through, Barb somehow ended up sampling and resampling those forty five bars day after day. After the release of the last food bar, though it had been a success, Barb had noticed a marked change in him, something she couldn't quite place, it put her on edge, it was odd and worried her to no end, Barb wondered if they should be seeking medical help instead planning for the next marketed invention. It took three years of panic and sleepless nights, but it no longer bothered her, she was confident that she had pinned the location of the change it, was in the eyes. A bit of wildness that lit up his eyes at random intervals, Barb speculated it had developed from experiencing such a boom in sells. It was completely harmless and almost amusing, Barb was sure of it and she shoved the frantic little voice that screamed something was wrong to the deepest recesses of her mind. After all, if she couldn't trust her own good judgment what could she trust? She passed the FLDSMDFR to Flint not daring to look to her side, she had a heard a thunk But not the sickening grinding of flesh and bone. She didn't think she would be able to move at all if that had happened. Barb's heart was in her throat and her fingers felt a bit stiff but other than that she felt fine, she had always imagined if something like this happened, there would be shaking, uncontrollable weeping and massive thunderstorms, but to her surprise there was none, only the quiet buzz from Flint and his friends' voices, Barb couldn't understand what they were saying but it was probably about the machine or something similar Barb didn't really care at the moment. She wondered what would happen if she looked. Maybe then the thunderstorms would come, a voice in the back of her mind told her that was highly illogical another voice, that sounded eerily like Chester told her she'd never know unless she tried. Barb shrugged, the eery voice won out and she glanced to her side, without moving her head, loose strands of her own hair was what she saw most of but she did catch a glimpse of the clean floor something orange and white, a bit of red and a jerky movement. Well that wasn't so bad. That was the last thing Barb thought as she began to softly hum to herself, crimson filled her vision and something heavy knocked the air out of her. A/N. My excuse, I like AU, I really do and after the movie I kept wondering, what was Barb and Chester's relation before CWACOM2 so I decided to write this story which though it doesn't take place before the movie will have snippets of the past. Ahem, well I hope you joy reading this, I have most of the chapters written out and I will be nice and post another chapter after church. Maybe I will post two. God bless you! :) Also did you find any errors?[Chapter 2] Reality is a lot like gravity, it serves to help and bring order and as long as you obeyed its laws it rarely turned against you. However unlike gravity, reality had a nasty habit of taking unscheduled vacations leaving its residents floating blissfully in the clouds, blind to the on goings below. Of course, reality always had to return at some point always without warning or care and just like gravity it always brought those above ground level crashing down sometimes with the same devastation as leaping off a five story building. But hey it was just doing its job. Barb had always known this to some extent, but had never actually felt it until a second ago. In her haste she had almost knocked Brent into the now off food processor, he let out a very girly shriek in response and went clambering behind Earl. For the next few minutes everything seemed to go in slow motion, she found her legs and to some extent her arms refused to carry her any further and she ended up dragging herself rather ungracefully through the relatively contained red mess on the otherwise spotless floor, it soaked through her vest and tinted her hair a shade darker, in a morbid way she was reminded of sloshing through puddles after a storm, but instead of dripping wet Barb was beginning to feel sticky by the time she reached Chester's side. At some point she slipped and landed on his elbow, she took note of the unnatural sharpness that bruised her snout. Somewhere in the room there was a loud low pitched whine that reverberated off the walls followed by loud chirps and the scuttling of many feet, the Foodimals had gone, more than likely taking Flint and his friends with them. Barb thrived on instruction, now she was without it and felt hopelessly lost. Barb sat back looking desperately around the room for someone, anyone to tell her what to do. It struck her that she was completely alone, she didn't like it she wondered if was too late to follow Flint and his friends, they would no doubt he headed back to the mountain but Barb quickly decided she wouldn't be much help in her current state. Barb sat for another minute staring at the door. Then it occurred to her that maybe it would be best if she checked Chester's pulse, that was the most logical course of action in a situation like this after all . With this in mind she calmed herself enough to busy herself with straightening his arm enough to look for a pulse. Afterwards perhaps she'd call the police but probably not. Barb had taken great pains to obtain the lab cart which doubled as a gurney and after draping a thick quilt over its tightly swaddled occupant, Barb was able to move freely from floor to floor without question until she reached the hidden elevator that led to the main labs. Barb was stunned to see Sam sitting in the lobby, but thankfully the blonde didn't see her and she wouldn't have to answer any questions at that moment. Back in the processing room Barb had found what she was looking for a pulse, faint but most certainly there, it was then that Barb set off in hopes of finding a stretcher of sorts, apparently stretchers weren't a common thing to keep in labs but she managed to retrieve a lab cart from a horrified intern who Barb had approached before remembering she was still covered in blood, she didn't have to worry about making excuses though the intern had simply ran off screaming, she would probably quit, but Barb wasn't worried about that at the moment. After wheeling away the lab cart Barb had managed find several sheets used for transporting experiments between buildings without scarring new workers, she had also stopped to gather several supplies she thought she would need. After returning to the food processing room and loading Chester onto the cart she was overjoyed when he had woken up for the briefest of moments and managed to carry on a short conversation. Though it hadn't gone as she had hoped. Barb couldn't believe her ears when she heard her name, maybe she had thrown him on the cart a tad bit to hard or maybe it was coincidence either way Barb didn't care, she looked at him gleefully as if nothing horrible had happened, as if he hadn't attempted murder thirty five minutes ago one that she would have unknowingly assisted him in. \"Sir what now?\" Barb asked quickly. hoping for an immediate response which didn't come, instead he stared at her in confusion before frowning. \"Stop waking me up.\" Barb stared back at him now confused. \"What?\" \"We have one week until the release.\" He continued sounding more like a recording than a person. \"I have to meet Rachel in the morning, and this is the fifth time you've woken me up you're not helping Barb.\" He finished at the same time Barb said. \"You did that last week.\" She paused, mumbling. \"You said that last week.\" To this Chester didn't respond for he had gone back to 'sleep' and didn't show signs of waking back up anytime soon. Barb reached her destination, a private lounge thankfully it was empty and Barb locked the door behind her to keep it that way. Removing the top quilt, Barb used it to line on of the many orange sofa's for protection even though she doubted anyone who used the lounge would complain about bloodstains, Barb believed in cleanliness. She then quickly rolled Chester off the cart and on the sofa, silently hoping would be enough to jar him awake again, it didn't but his arm did make an interesting crunching noise when it met the couch. Barb shrugged going to collect the other items underneath the cart, suddenly thinking about Sam, she knew she would have to deal her sooner or later and Barb knew exactly which course of action the girl would want to take. While part of her agreed it was fair, the larger more pressing part of her had reverted back to three years ago and it made her antsy to think of anything further happening to him, there wasn't as much confliction as she would have liked and she felt more than a little guilty as she retrieved a roll of gauze and padding. A/N. Church is over and here is the new chapter! I read over but still if you find any mistakes please, please tell me okay? Thanks! For Barb, I'm basing her reactions and actions primarily off of myself. The next chapter will be up after I read over it and such. God bless you, now I must run off to work on my other story which hasn't been updated in like a year.[Chapter 3] It had taken a while to convince Flint and then in turn the rest of the boys to leave her to wait for Barb to finish mourning, so they could meet at Rock candy mountain together. She planned on waiting in one of the main lobbies, she reasoned there would be a bunch of people and she'd perfectly safe, but in the end she had won the argument with a firm uncompromising glare that even Earl yielded to. Sam pitied the Ape even though her owner was homicidal maniac and Sam couldn't say she was sad to see him go, it must have been a terror for Barb to see him die, so Sam had insisted they take her with them. Taking a seat in an orange love seat she removed her glasses to clean them, she heard the squeak of wheels from what she assumed to be another lab cart, placing the now clean glasses back on her face she looked around the lobby in embarrassment, it was empty contrary to what she had told Flint, but she wasn't about to call him and tell him that, instead she promised herself that she would would return to the processing room to check on Barb soon, even though the mere thought of having to see a bloody mangled corpse again made her retch and flooded her mind with unwelcome images, Barb must have had a strong stomach. Shivering Sam began to think of bouncing sheep and Barry. As strong as she was, it had still taken Barb the better of twenty minutes to shift every awry bone back to what she hoped was a normal position, to her relief it seemed that things had looked far worse than they really were, the only things broken seemed to be an arm, a few fingers, an elbow and his nose the rest was dislocation all of these Barb fixed with the exception of the elbow which was shattered and protruding from the skin and along with Chester's nose seemed to be the main source of blood. As she couldn't seem to push the bones back in Barb wrapped it up nicely with a roll of gauze and forced a vial of pain killers down his throat, she would allow someone else with more expertise in that area to fix it. Chester's vest had also seemed to have acted as a shock absorber and as far as Barb could tell, protected him from broken ribs and she hoped and prayed from internal bleeding also though she wasn't clear if this protection extended to his head. After Barb was sure she had done all could, Barb took a seat and began the task of pulling the clotted blood from her hair and nails, she was amazed that she had traversed the factory without once wiping it away, though Barb didn't find blood gross or even scary she now felt bad for the intern she had scared earlier. She had just finished cleaning her left leg when Chester woke up again, just like the first time Barb found herself shocked but this time around she was able to mask her surprise and kept her eyes trained on her other limb, she wondered if he would remember what happened in the processing room now, part of her hoped he wouldn't, but she would have to tell him anyway after he looked at a calendar and noticed they had skipped ahead a week. Unless.. She looked up sharply, thinking deeply. Nope, that wouldn't work, Barb resumed cleaning her leg. \"Barb?\" She looked towards him, forcing her expression to be blank, she didn't want to reveal anything before she knew where his mind was, he looking at his arm, the one she had bandaged thickly with gauze, bemusedly. \"Is this a sign of my plan working or-\" \"Failing.\" Barb interrupted, he remembered, ah well at least she had something to work with now. \"And I wouldn't move that arm too much, I couldn't get your elbow to go in right, you're going to have to see someone for that.\" Chester blinked, looking at his arm once more he obeyed and didn't move it adopting a slight pout he whined. \"But the deadline is-\" \"I know when it is and it's just horrible this is going to happen, but maybe next time.\" Barb paused leaning closer to Chester and lowering her voice to a whisper. \"You wont try to murder five people...And a monkey.\" Chester looked stunned and Barb figured she'd better continue talking before he could think of a response. \"You know Sam's in the lobby.\" \"Who?\" Chester asked, flinching as he rubbed his nose which dislodged the plugs Barb placed and unleashed a rush of blood. \"Where are my glasses? I can't see anything.\" \"Miss sparks and their broken,\" Barb said, then as an after thought added. \"you should probably leave those plugs out, there's tissue over there.\" Chester made to move towards the tissue, instead beginning to whimper in pain, the medicine wasn't lasting as long as Barb had hoped. \"What does she want?\" Barb shot him a look that she hoped would say all that needed to be said unfortunately it didn't seem to do the trick because Chester continued watching her with a confused and pained expression. \"Ahem, you tried to kill her boyfriend sir so I would assume...\" She trailed off, Chester seemed to understand and resumed pouting. \"However I have no plans on letting her get to you.\" Barb said. cheerfully clapping her hands, looking at him for approval. Chester's unfocused eyes moved around her face sadly. \"But what about the food bar...\" \"Are you serious!\" Barb exclaimed angrily, pinching her snout, of all the things to be worried about he chose a food bar! She almost like laughing. Pulling a face that yanked at her heartstrings Chester's eyes flooded with tears, Barb felt her eye twitching, she would, she would resist, she would not give in...She would be strong. \"No! I mean-No I am not helping you with this...I will talk to Rachel later.\" A smile spread across Chester's face only increasing the flow of blood from his nose. Barb shot him a glare. \"Hey, I never said I was fixing any of this.\" Chester attempted to shrug but stopped, hissing in pain. Barb looked on in worry, remembering a concern that had been on her mind. \"How does your head feel.\" \"Painful.\" Chester answered simply, the grin returning to his face. Barb nodded. \"I want to scan it later.\" \"No.\" He said, childishly. Barb was annoyed by this refusal and looked at him for a long time before saying.\"Yes\" \"No-.\" \"We are scanning your head whether you like it or not! So deal with it.\" Barb said. \"Now I'm going to get you some more pain medicine and talk to Sam. \" \"And another pair of glasses.\" Chester put in weakly. \"I can't see a thing.\" Barb blinked and peered closer tat him he had given up too easily for her liking and had paled a few shades, Once again a gnawing concern formed in her stomach. \"Yes, I'll bring them, don't go to sleep okay, I'll be right back.\" A/N. :) Another c hapter, did you like it? The next chapter will be up soon! Any errors? God bless[Chapter 4] It had taken thirty minutes but Sam was finally ready to go back to the processing room, she struggled a little to get out of the soft cushy chair that seemed to want to keep her hostage, finally she freed herself and made her way to the door, running into Barb as she did. \"Barb! How did you know I was up here?\" \"I saw you.\" Barb replied, fidgeting with her hands nervously. Sam looked confused. \"Come up here? But you weren't looking, oh never mind, Barb I am sorry for your lost, it must have just been horrible.\" Sam said carefully not knowing what to expect from the ape. \"If it makes you feel any better Flint and the others are waiting for us at rock candy mountain and Steve seemed to have taken quite a liking to you!\" She finished saying last part with the pep of a cheerleader. It was Barb's turn to look confused, she stared at Sam for the better of five seconds before appearing to be debating something with herself, it was a full ten seconds before she spoke. \"Um, thank you but well...\" Sam nodded encouragingly. \"Well he is, um Chester is...Fine.\" Sam stared at her blankly, that wasn't possible she had seen- \"No, he is-No.\" \"Yes, broke every bone in his body, but he's alive\" Barb said, hoping the exaggeration would somehow make thing a little better. It didn't. \"Wha-\" Sam took a step back, her words beginning to tumble incoherently into each other. \"But he's crazy, he almost killed us-the police-my car what am I going to tell Flint?!\" Barb watched the girl yank at her hair making highly disturbing faces as she did and yelling about crab balls. Barb sensed that she should leave. Quickly. Producing a card Barb attempted to thrust it into Sam's now flailing hands succeeding only on the third attempt. \"Here's my card, you'll only get me when you call the number\" The number actually went to the estate, but since Chester was afraid of telemarketers he never answered the phone so Barb's statement was mostly true. \"So call me tomorrow and we can sort out any legal issues, sound good?\" Bard asked,trying to keep the hopeful tone out of her voice, Sam continued panicking and didn't answer. \"Or whenever you're ready..Yeah, I need to go.\" Leaving Sam to freak out in the lobby, Barb went to find the medicine and glasses, then rushed back to the lounge and to her relief found Chester still awoke staring at a wall. \"Here you are, you should probably wait on putting those glasses on they might mess with your nose.\" She said, a bit out of breath, where was her scooter when she needed it? Chester took them with a quiet thank you, then began watching her with a strange look on his face. \"Barb, are going home now?\" \"Why?\" Barb asked curiously. \"Because I just remembered something important.\" He stated, Barb looked at him expectantly. \"I left Kit Kat in the sun room he's probably torn it up, also he has no food and that was almost two days ago.\" Barb slapped her forehead, she had forgotten all about him, Kit kat was Chester's pet...Something, Barb wasn't sure what he was, he looked a lot like a long legged dog and a little bit like a fox with his red and black fur, Chester never told her exactly what he was, only that Kit kat wasn't a dog or a fox. Regardless of what Kit kat was, he still needed food and water, Barb nodded and said with and irritated sigh. \"I'll have someone prepare the jet.\" In the end, Barb couldn't find anyone to help her and ended up trudging to the roof and powering the jet up herself and putting in home's coordinates which was relatively easy. As Barb was doing this, she noticed that the sun was rising, casting a warm glow on the factory pathway and surrounding jungle below. A dainty figure sat on the pathway clutching something to this side of its head, Barb knew it must have been Sam. At least she had stopped having a panic attack in the lobby. Wait was she on the phone? Barb looked closer, it certainly appeared that way, Barb became worried, if Sam was on the phone that probably meant she was calling the police. No not the police, the only policeman on the island was Earl and cell phone reception had been blocked by two small transmission blockers on the towers, so it wasn't interstate police either, that meant Sam was using a walkie talkie or something similar, unfortunately Barb took that to mean she was talking to her boyfriend and telling him everything that happened which meant he and his friends would more than likely be coming back to the factory, Barb thought this was very bad. So, Barb ran back downstairs, put Chester back on the lab cart and threw him along with the cart into the jet, turned on the thrusters and waited for the jet to take them home, all done with speed that would impress a cheetah. \"It's all just horrible Manny.\" Sam sobbed into the radio as she finished the story, Manny had been the first to answer the radio and so he was the first to hear the bad news. \"I see.\" Manny said his voice quiet and sympathetic. \"Do you wan't me to tell Flint this?\" \"No, I can tell him, thanks Manny.\" Sam said with a sniffle and calmed down a bit. \"Can you put him on for me?\" After a quick, \"Of course.\" from Manny, Sam heard Flint's bubbly voice next, apparently Manny had done such a good job at keeping his voice even no one thought a thing was amiss. \"Hi Sam! Hows Barb doing?\" The sheer innocence in his voice made Sam burst into tears again at the thought of breaking the news to him. How would he ever move on now? \"Sam what's wrong, what did I say?\" Flint asked frantically. \"Nothing, Flint you didn't say anything wrong, it's just that something horrible happened.\" Sam choked. \"What! Oh no Barb didn't jump into the food processor did she?\" Flint asked, worry tinging his voice. \" Nooo .\" Sam groaned pitifully. \"It's Chester, he isn't dead.\" Suddenly Sam became very angry and started yelling. \"Why can't the bad guy just die for once!\" \"Wait slow down Sam, what did you say?\" \"I said Chester is still alive .\" \"Oh.\" There it was, Sam could practically hear him reliving that night's heartbreak again. \"Flint I'm so sorry-\" Suddenly there was a gust of wind so strong it knocked Sam flat on her face and trees bending after her. \"Sam? SAM?\" Sam popped back up and trees shot up straight sending bushels of fruit sailing deep into the jungle, Sam picked the radio back up. \"Now their leaving.\" Sam said slowly for some reason this revelation caused her to wail louder than before and she laid her head back on the cement willingly. \"Sam, wait no don't do that please, I know it seems really, really bad but this isn't the end of the world I-\" \" Yes it is!\" She cried hoarsely, banging her head on the cement. \"No, I pr-\" Flint was saying when suddenly his voice was whisked away. \"STEVE!\" Steve greeted loudly. \"Steve, give the radio back to Flint.\" Sam instructed sadly. \"SAM!\" The monkey chirped then added quite clearly. \"NO\". Sam couldn't help but laugh a little at that and by the time Flint had wrestled the radio from the monkey and promised they were on their way, Sam already felt a lot better. The jet was traveling at top speed and told them they would arrive in two hours still Barb worried they weren't going fast enough and kept looking out the window almost expecting to still be on the island. Chester was on the floor next to the lab where she had left him. \"I can't believe, you threw me down here.\" Chester complained. \"I didn't throw you.\" Barb insisted, still frantically looking out the window. \"I put you down there, from a distance, there is a difference. \" \"Difference, what difference?\" Barb told him to be quiet and kept looking out the window Chester pouted and attempted to cross his arms but couldn't. It was close to noon when they finally hovered over the estate, Barb who was still in a frantic rush landed the jet on top of one of the garages, Chester saw this and wasn't in the least bit pleased. \"Did you just break my garage?\" \"Oh hush,\" Barb said, flushing. \"And I'm mad at you, you know.\" Chester shot her an incredulous look and Barb flushed deeper this time partly out of anger. \"Just go and feed Kit Kat.\" \"I would.\" Chester drawled. \"If I could get off the floor.\" \"Oh right.\" After a while of struggling with him it was found that Chester could walk not well but it was better than having to drag him everywhere. Kit Kat was still locked in the sun room and as Chester had suspected, he had torn it up and left many 'gifts' Barb looked at Chester pointedly, who whined and sat on the floor, the idea of scrubbing the room reminded him of his many injuries and he fully planned on using them as a viable excuse. \"I'm sick, I can't clean.\" Barb looked at him angrily, because this was true and that meant she'd end up cleaning everything up. \"Go to your room.\" Chester glanced at her tiredly. \"I was planning to.\" \"Actually go to the infirmary, I need to look at your head. \" He looked at her a refute clearly on his tongue, then suddenly he stopped, looking at her with the queerest expression, the next thing Barb knew she was covered in warm smelly liquid. This was shaping up to be a very bad day. Another chapter very late at night, but here it is! Do you like the idea of a pet in this story? If you see any errors please let me know. God bless you.[Chapter 5] After being thrown up on, Barb refused to clean up the sun room and after sending a robot to tend to Chester, retreated to her office to watch the phone. She slept in her office for over a week getting the release date pushed back and making sure enough bars were produced for the first shipment. As Barb had promised, she picked the flavor without a ounce of Chester's influence, she had gone with the first flavor she had picked last year, a four course meal bar that had been made in homage of Willy Wonka, Barb was rather confident in her decision and with that out of the way, Barb had turned her focus to preparing for Sam's call, for this she stayed in her office for nearly a month. Finally she figured Sam wasn't going to call or maybe the signals were still blocked, though because she had pulled all employees from the area and had the factory shut down Barb found that highly unlikely and decided Sam simply wasn't interested in calling and Barb allowed herself to leave the office for longer periods of time but just in case Sam did call, she connected the land line's number to her cell phone. Chester for the most part had holed himself up in his room and spent most of his days sleeping, it seemed that either walking from the jet to the house had drained him more than Barb had originally assumed it would or his injuries were finally taking their full toll on him either way it meant Barb was pretty much on her own when it came to running things around the house and dealing with Live Corp affairs at first Barb had been ecstatic when she realized she'd be the boss for at least a little awhile, she always jumped at the chance to prove she was more than just a cute ape who could talk and being fully in charge was surely the way to prove it. Well at least that's what Barb had hoped for, the employees for the most part had played along calling her boss and Ma'am, filling her with a sense of pride and accomplishment, but within two weeks they were asking when Chester was coming back from his 'vacation', whining about how he wasn't answering his phone. Barb had laughed those questions and complaints off and did her best to put them at ease, but though their words were tame and held no malice only curiosity and frustration, they hurt and by the end the first day of the second week she'd been boss, her pride had evaporated like steam out of pot and Barb found herself plagued with questions of self worth. For the third time that morning, Barb sighed heavily, before easing herself out of the black easy chair she had been sitting in she plodded over to the coffee table, snatching the remote off of it she pointed at the television and hit the power button expecting a flood of Technicolor images that would hopefully belong to her favorite soap opera, but to her confusion the screen remained black, Barb hit the button again getting the same effect she looked down at the remote then back at the television before repeatedly pressing the power button until her finger was sore as she did this Barb noted she needed another manicure. Finally she gave up on the television and threw the remote at the wall, she had almost called Chester twice but somehow managed to stop herself both times, during the time Barb had been alone she had nothing else to do but work and think the most pressing thing she ended up thinking about was their relationship it had seemed near flawless to her before, sure it had it's bumps and rough spots but Barb had always remained confident that Chester loved her most and that she was so much more to him than his greatest invention and- though it pained her to even think it- his pet but as she found herself going over every detail she could recall of their time together she found herself questioning it all with disappointing results, frankly she didn't think she could trust herself to around him, the last thing she wanted to do was have breakdown and hear him say in an overly cheery voice \"I suppose it's time I start looking for a physiologist who accepts monkeys Barb!\" She had gotten enough of that at her fifth birthday party... And he was probably still sleeping anyway. Kneading her forehead Barb fought to keep herself from being swept up in her thoughts if she was she'd be stuck there for hours. The distant barking of Kit Kat reached her ears and she remembered the sun room and glancing down at her nails Barb thought of just the thing that would keep her mind centered. Now she just needed to find the car keys. Hi there I'm back and with another chapter too! The next one should be up soon, also I'm going to be tweaking the first chapters a bit. God bless and have goodnight! ","Summary":" One year ago. As the grandfather clock in the main hall struck twelve Barb was tiredly picking at t"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Sebuah Luka Kecil","Author":"Jogag Busang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13239313","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sebuah Luka Kecil Oleh: Jogag Busang Disclaimer: Bridge to Terabithia © Katherine Paterson Saya tidak mengambil keuntungan materil dari fanfiksi ini #Tantangan Lima Paragraf: Jess&Leslie; canon day 15 . . Pandangan Jess jatuh kepada sepasang merpati yang tengah bertengger pada ranting kecil sebuah pohon yang telah meranggas daunnya. Dipandanginya merpati itu dengan tatapan iri yang sangat. Dagu ditopang dengan wajah sendu. Seperti habis menangis. Oh, memang benar, ia baru saja terisak. Entah sudah keberapa. Ia sudah lupa. Leslie, teman dekatnya, dikabarkan telah meninggal. Hanyut di sungai, kata orang begitu. Kalau tidak percaya, Jess disuruh melihat mayat Leslie sendiri di rumahnya. Jess jadi ingin terbahak. Ini hanya sebuah lelucon, kan? Kemarin-kemarin, mereka masih bermain kejar-kejaran di antara pepohonan, masih bisa tertawa saling mengejek, masih berdiskusi panjang lebar tentang strategi memerangkap para troll yang hendak menyerang kerajaan kecil mereka, Kerajaan Terabithia. Tidak jelas siapa yang memulai permainan menyenangkan ini, tapi Jess merasa bahagia sebab permainan tersebut dapat mengasah kemampuannya dalam berlari. Tentu saja, Jess sangat suka berlari. Di kelas, Jess adalah yang tercepat. Tidak ada yang bisa menyaingi kecepatan lari Jess. Namun, itu sebelum seorang murid baru perempuan tiba. Leslie, dengan tubuh yang lebih tinggi daripada Jess, terbukti telah mengalahkan rekor lari tercepat. Leslie lebih unggul dalam berlari daripada Jess. Semula Jess merasa marah dan kesal sebab nyata-nyata tersaingi, tapi Leslie ternyata tidak seburuk yang Jess duga sebelumnya. Anak perempuan itu juga menolong Jess saat ia dibuli oleh teman sekelasnya. Sepertinya ia bukan tipe anak yang suka melihat penindasan. Dan satu hal lagi yang pada akhirnya membuat Jess mau berteman dengannya, Leslie terang-terangan menyanjung setinggi lagit gambaran karya Jess. Katanya, gambaranmu itu penuh dengan imajinasi, Jess. Inilah kali pertama Jess mendengar orang lain memuji gambarannya. Sebelumnya ia pernah menunjukkan karya-karyanya kepada temannya sekelas bahkan kepada keluarganya—ayah, ibu, dua kakak perempuannya, tapi tanggapan mereka yang hanya tertawa mencemooh membuat Jess benci setengah mati. Jadilah selama ini Jess tidak pernah lagi memamerkan karyanya kepada siapa pun. Ia takut mendapat cibiran lagi. mungkin, hanya sang adik, satu-satunya keluarga yang akan berkata 'bagus' ketika melihat gambaran Jess. Tapi menurut Jess, adiknya bukan sedang menilai karyanya, tapi hanya menyemangatinya. Sang adik memang selalu mengagumi Jess dan mendukung apapun yang ia lakukan. Jess sudah tidak tahan. Ia pun bergegas mengunjungi rumah Leslie, hendak menemukan kebenaran. Cukup banyak orang yang datang. Pakaian mereka serbahitam. Satu dua wajah tampak menangis. Yang lain saling menepuk-nepuk bahu. Jess berhenti tepat pada di depan sebuah foto. Foto Leslie dipajang di depan rumah. Tampak Leslie yang berpose tersenyum manis. Lama ia memandang, tidak mampu berpikir apa-apa atau membayangkan apapun. Tapi senyuman itulah yang membuat Jess tersadar bahwa sedari tadi ia dipanggil oleh seseorang. Jess menoleh, melihat siapa yang memanggil—ternyata ayah Leslie—tapi pandangan Jess mendadak kabur. Semua yang ia pandang ikut-ikutan menjadi berwarna hitam dan abu-abu. Ayah Leslie memberitahu, bahwa pada saat hujan kemarin, Leslie nekat pergi ke hutan sendirian. Ayah Leslie mengira jika putrinya akan bermain bersama Jess, sehingga ia membiarkannya saja. Tapi ternyata tidak. Leslie pergi ke hutan sendiri. Ayahnya sendiri tidak tahu apa yang menyebabnya berbuat senekat itu. Tenggorokan Jess tercekat. Ia tahu benar apa yang sebenarnya terjadi. Ia sudah membuat janji dengan Leslie sebelumnya, bahwa ia akan menunggu di hutan. Ia dan Leslie berencana melakukan peperangan dengan para troll. Dan begitulah, Leslie sepertinya terpeleset saat melewati jembatan dan akhirnya hanyut ke sungai. Jess sudah mendengar cerita itu berkali-kali dari bibir orang, tapi saat ia mendengar ayah Leslie menuturkannya secara langsung, dada Jess terasa sesak berlipat ganda. Betapa bodoh, betapa pahit, betapa naifnya imajinasi menyesatkan. Keterlaluan. Seumpama setan laknat yang sudah dikutuk oleh Tuhan sehingga berusia abadi, yang akhirnya melakukan bermacam-macam cara menjerumuskan manusia agar tergelincir menuju jurang dosa. Jess sampai harus mengingatkan dirinya untuk tak lupa bernapas, sebab sudah tidak karuan lagi bagaimana wajahnya berbentuk. Tekanan pada dadanya terasa menyakitkan. Pikirannya yang penuh dengan kenangan tentang Leslie bagai menghimpit denyut nadi Jess. Salahnyalah. Semua ini jelas salahnya. Leslie, Leslie Jess teman satu-satunya, meninggal karena kecerobohan Jess. Kalau saja, kalau saja Jess tidak menerima ajakan dari guru musiknya untuk mengunjungi museum, pastilah ia sedang bersama Leslie saat itu di hutan. Jess akan memegangi tangan Leslie saat ia terpeleset, sehingga Leslie tidak hanyut secara mengenaskan di sungai. Leslie seharusnya masih tersenyum dan tetap berlari bersama Jess. Leslie seharusnya masih menemaninya menggambar, menumpahkan imajinasi yang serasa memenuhi kepala. Leslie seharusnya masih mengacungkan pedang untuk membasmi para troll yang mengganggu kerajaan. Leslie seharusnya masih … tak tertahankan, ingatan ini begitu kuat dan kurang ajarnya membunuh secara menyesakkan. Oh, seandainya, seandainya, seandainya …. Adalah hampa, yang pada akhirnya memapah benak Jess, untuk kembali terbuka menghadap dunia nyata. Ini bukan salahmu, Jess, kata ayah Leslie. Kematian Leslie bukanlah kesalahanmu, lelaki itu mengulang. Apakah ia telah termaafkan? Jess ingin bertanya, tapi pertanyaan itu hanya sampai pada perbatasan antara tenggorokan dan kerongkonan, enggan menyerobot keluar. Teronggok begitu saja menjadi gumpalan di balik dada. Pertanyaan bodoh. Bukan, apakah ia telah termaafkan, tapi lebih kepada—apakah ia dapat termaafkan? Jess ingin berlari dan terus berlari. Meninggalkan dunia nyata, pergi menuju dunia fantasinya sendiri yang serbaindah. Dalam alam bawah sadarnya, Jess melihat Leslie berdiri di antara taman yang hijau, mengenakan pakaian terusan panjang serba putih. Rambutnya dibiarkan tergerai. Ada mahkota di puncak kepalanya. Desau angin mengibarkan rambut beserta pakaiannya. Leslie berlari-lari kecil sambil tersenyum. Ia amat sangat bahagia di sana. Jess bertanya-tanya, apakah Leslie memang sebahagia itu. Leslie menjawab, ia sangat bahagia. Terlebih, ia bahagia sebab memiliki sahabat yang baik seperti Jess. Ketika Jess membuka mata, ia masih berteriak parau memanggil nama Leslie. Namun sayang, yang ia panggil hanyalah tinggal sekelumit kekosongan. [fin] Sunday—March, 17th 2019 ","Summary":" Sebuah Luka Kecil Oleh: Jogag Busang Disclaimer: Bridge to Terabithia © Katherine Paterson Saya tid"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Bridge to Terabithia Chapter 4: An uneasy mind","Author":"Shadow989","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12544123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 4: An uneasy mind \"Finally!\" Jesse sighed as he stretched his arms and gave out a loud yawn. He looked at the school playground and it seemed eerie now. Funny how they made such a big deal with all the races when at the end of the day it just felt that it didn't matter anymore. No one would remember who'd won the stupid races no marks no statues nothing to leave a mark and even if there were there are no one who would see it only the shadows only the darkness now remains. For a moment he heard it from across the building from where he stood. Chains...rattling from the darkness his eyes focused on the shadows while he clenched his fist fear didn't creep into his heart it was courage. Come at me was the thought on his head should the Darkmaster was real It would need to go pass through him first before it reaches Leslie. Courage now turning to rage as the rattling becomes stronger and stronger and squeaking sounds dragged on the floor and as soon as the door opened Jesse's heart leaped for a moment only to calm down as he saw Mr. Bailey come out from the science lab. \"Jesse\" Leslie's voice called out to him. He turned around only to see a worried Leslie looking at her. She walked towards him as she dragged her backpack. She held her hand and kept her gaze, he could see it in her eyes she was worried deeply concerned but somehow hurt. \"Jesse what's going on with you\" and as soon as she said it he pulled his hand away from her. \"It's nothing Leslie I guess I'm just tired\" he said back at her as he grabbed her bag to carry it. \"I can carry your backpack for you you know\" Jesse said as he tried to fake a smile. Leslie was still worried for her friend she just nodded and put her cap on. A cold gust of wind blew past them both of them shivered. Jesse looked at the sky as he saw a few clouds starting to gather up on the dark blue horizon. \"We should go\" Jesse said and grabbed Leslie by the hand and started running towards the nearest bus stop. Jesse knows that the weather would just get worst and that they need to get home fast. They were lucky enough to catch a bus just in time. Jesse was shocked to see that there are alot of people inside the bus. He knew that the school bus was chaotic but he never expected that a regular bus could get crowded like that as well. What's worse is that it made it more uncomfortable that he doesn't know anyone unlike at the school bus where he can instantly tell were jerks. \"Come on move it already\" a teenager sitting at the back yelled at the driver. Jesse tried to look for the person who shouted he looked familiar possibly a friend of one of his sisters this made him more cautious. \"Excuse me but are you going to get in here son\" the bus driver asked looking at both of them. Caught off guard he just nodded and tried to look for money inside his pockets. \"Hey what's the hold up...get in or get out!\" the boy yelled again this time the other teens with him started to laugh. Jesse's face started to turn red from embarrassment which turned to panic as he could feel people's eye looking at him. \"Son...\" \"I got it here... I know i have it...\" Jesse placed his back pack down and opened it causing some of his books to fall out. He wanted to get out he wanted to run away from the embarrassment but he can't. He felt like he was going to break down and cry but like a saving grace he felt Leslie's hand on his shoulder as he saw her hand money to the bus driver. Both of them tried to find a seat, Jesse tried to avoid the prying eyes from the people inside the bus. He even tried to heed no mind to the laughing teenagers at the back of the bus. He felt powerless, he hated himself he hated that he can feel strong sometimes and yet he can't do anything about it. Was he really useless, then the thought of Leslie's accident pierced through his heart again...\"No\" he said to himself and promised to change for the better. The drive felt longer than usual they didn't noticed it before maybe because of all the banter that was going on but with the silence on the bus it felt longer. Jesse tried to relax he thought to himself that he was never like this before but why now, what could have triggered it. He tried to take hold of the intangible emotions stirring at the pit of his stomach. Was it rage, regret perhaps or fear of being powerless being unable to do anything. A young man should never be riled up with such trivial emotions and yet here he was sitting in the bus contemplating of what could or should have happened, but before he went deeper in with his thoughts he caught Leslie staring at him. For a moment his breathe stopped his eyed stared back to meet the beautiful hazel eyes of Leslie. He could see that cherry-colored lips slowly curve into a smile her angelic face light up thawing whatever cold emotion brewing up inside him. He froze on his seat his heart beating loudly as ever as Leslie raised her hand towards his face gently grazing his cheeks. God what it this? Jesse thought to himself. Suddenly he felt something hard gently pushing into his ear and a sound whispering until it got louder and audible. \"Sun is shinin' in the sky There ain't a cloud in sight It's stopped rainin' everybody's in a play And don't you know It's a beautiful new day, hey hey\" Jesse then knew that Leslie has inserted an earbud and wanted him to listen to something. The song was upbeat and he slowly forgot his problems and for a moment started to relax again. There was nothing to worry about if there was something he should have been thinking it would be how lucky he was to spend the day with Leslie. Jesse made a soft reply towards his precious saviour \"Thanks\" Leslie smiled back as she closed her eyes and gently swayed her head to the song. The rest of the trip went by fast. Jesse regretted how quick it was it felt like the moment flew so fast that he felt he was not able to satisfy his growing greed to stay with her. \"It's really getting dark now huh?\" Leslie said as she pulled the strap of her backpack. \"Yeah, you going to be okay?\" Jesse asked as he looked at the dark road ahead. Leslie took a deep breath and raised her head up high. \"Nothing crushes us!\" Jesse's eyes widened as the wind picked up speed and blew past him and Leslie. Amazed by the bravado of Leslie the boy could not stop but be in awe on how awesome Leslie really is. She began to walk towards the dark never quivering or hesitating only to stop after a few steps and turned around to look at Jesse. \"What is it?\" Jesse said his voice hoping to hear a request from Leslie a request that would grant him reason to stay with her a little longer. \"Promise me we'll see each other tomorrow\" Taken aback Jesse failed to answer quickly. \"Jesse, promise me\" Leslie said again her voice still strong yet the word felt that it had no strength. \"...Yes\" Jesse said looking at Leslie's determined eyes. Leslie sighed closed her eyes, breathed in and upon opening her eyes again her face was now more relax with a glow of happiness something her perfect lips did not hide by curving into a smile. She waved goodbye to Jesse and headed her way home. \"Jesse is that you?\" Mr. Aaron called out as he turned the lights on the porch. \"Y-yeah dad, I'm coming\" \"Well get yourself in here your mother needs help with some of the dishes\" Mr. Aarons yelled back. With a hurry Jesse ran inside the house seated took a few bite from the food layed on the table and started picking and gathering the dishes to the sink. \"Hey where's the fire?\" his mom asked as she continued to give food to Joyce Anne. He did not answer her mom as his mouth was full of food and proceeded to wash the dishes. He focused to finish the task at hand as her mother reminded him of the other chores that she needs helping. There was no peep of defiance like before, he usually wanted to say no to the task but he knew starting an argument now would stall and halt his plans to be done already. So task after task young Jesse Aarons did with no complaints, from taking the trash out, locking the green house and even picking up some of the clothes of his younger siblings to the hamper he did without a single peep. Finished he rushed to the bathroom removed all his clothes and took a quick bath all the while brushing his teeth. If his mom would see it he would hear her say that he is taking conserving water quite literally. He ran to the only place in the house he can call his even though he shared it with his two younger siblings so that he could gaze through the see through glass and check up on Leslie. It was strange the house was almost dark with only one light that seems to be on the kitchen. It wasn't like that he remembered that Mr. Burke would be playing music and would sometimes practice dancing with his daughter while Leslie's mom sits on the couch proof reading what had Mr. Burke wrote down. So it was suspicious to see the Burke's house almost dark and with one lit room. \"Leslie what's going on?\" He breathed as he tried to take a better look his face nearer to the glass and is now smooshed through the window pane. The light disappeared and the house was now dark and it bothered Jesse, he then decided to run downstairs and picked up the telephone but before he could dial the phone number he stopped and tried to think things through. If he tried to call Leslie now then there is a chance that he might disturb Bill and Judy. He figures that there is a possibility that the couple might be writing a novella right now for all we know. He thought of Leslie as well, if he sounded worried and fearing for her wouldn't she feel uncomfortable and be afraid like him and what's worst she could be all alone on that big house. She might end up running out of the house in a hurry and get run over by her parents if they happen to drive back from a late night part or what not. Jesse gave out an angry grunt, what was wrong with him when did it began to be this complicated? When did thinking about Leslie start to be so troublesome? He begrudgingly placed the phone back, he knew worrying too much would not help him or Leslie. He knew that she had enough courage for the both of them and that all he needed to do was to wait for her to call him if she needed his help. Jesse went back to his bed and pulled out his sketch book, he thought he might as well draw something to relieve tension and stress. After a few doodles he drifted to sleep dreaming of a turtle strapping himself to a rocket to outrun a white fluffy rabbit. \"Jesse are you awake?\" \"What...who is it?\" Jesse opened his eyes slowly, the light from his flashlight gave a low glow under the covers. He saw her, her face inches from his their eyes meeting each other's gaze, their lips close enough to touching and their breathe being felt by the other. \"Leslie\" ","Summary":" Chapter 4: An uneasy mind \"Finally!\" Jesse sighed as he stretched his arms and gave out a loud ya"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Bridge to Terabthia: A twist of Fate","Author":"Shadow989","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12325428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Bridge to Terabithia story Chapter 1: A twist in fate After a fun afternoon with Mrs. Edmunds, Jesse Aarons realized that what he felt for his teacher was something more platonic. After all she was his teacher, an adult he admired but other than that she would never be more. \"Goodbye, see you at school Jesse\" Mrs. Edmunds said and started to drive away. He was smiling as he walked towards his house. It was like an accomplishment for him to be with someone he had a crush with and actually enjoy the time spent with her. He could still remember all the paintings they saw and some of the wooden vehicles that could have inspired dreamers like him to chase their dream. As he walked a flash of light caught his attention. It was brief and flashed from the corner of his eyes. He turned towards that direction and saw a police car and an ambulanced parked at the Burke's house. \"What's going on?\" the thought lingered a bit in his mind. Suddenly a familiar figure run out of the bushes from Leslie's house. The little girl was crying out to him with open arms calling out to Jesse. \"May Belle?\" the words came out slow as he stared at the fragile figure hugging him. May Belle looked up at her big brother tears flowing from her eyes. \"Jesse, it's Leslie…\" but before she could finish the words Jesse picked up May Belle and run towards her house. Jack Aarons, his father, was there he was wet and was talking to a paramedic. He run to him his face covered with confusion and fear. Jack took her young daughter from Jesse's hands and gave both of them a hug. It was the first time he felt his dad gave them that tight a hug. It's as if he was going to lose them and May Belle. Jesse's voice started to crack as he tried to fight a cry building up in side his throat. \"Dad what happened why are you wet? Where is Leslie?\" he asked his eyes all watery. \" She's going to be fine she just needs to go to the hospital\" Fear started to creep in and Jesse felt powerless he gently pushed away from his father's arms and got a glimpse of a little blonde girl laying on a stretcher. He could tell underneath the oxygen mask and the mud smeared on her face it was his friend laying there. Jesse ran towards her which felt like an eternity. He knew that he could run that he was considered as fast as Leslie but each step felt longer than the other. The moment his hands touched hers Jesse Aaron started to cry. He can't remember why but he felt powerless and for the first time in his life had no idea what to do or how to feel. The only thing he felt was right was to hold her hand and never let go. Bill and Jack tried to pull Jesse away from Leslie but he wouldn't allow them. \"Son, you need to let go. They're going to take her to the hospital\" jack said as he held both hands on his son's face trying to pull him back from reality. Jesse looked at Bill who stood there next to his unconscious daughter. \"Please take me with you\" Jesse pleaded. Jack gave Bill a look, the same look a father would give in desperation to help and give everything to his son. Bill nodded and looked at the paramedics as he together with Jesse and Leslie climbed in and was off to the hospital. \"She's still breathing it weak but she'll manage. The arm however is broken we need to get her to the operating table as soon as possible\" the paramedic said. Leslie's dad was trying to keep it together he kept combing his daughter's hair his faced full of regret but thankful that God gas not taken his precious angel from him. Bill's stare then went towards Jesse who was quiet, tears still flowing from his eyes. He could hear Jesse whisper to Leslie telling her to hold on that everything is going to be alright. The ambulance reached St. Agatha's hospital and quickly rushed Leslie to the operating room. The nurse forced Jesse to let go of Leslie and all that Bill can do was to hug the boy as he heard his muffled cry underneath his shirt. A couple of hours past nurses would check with Bill from time to time asking information about Leslie, what medicine was she allergic to or if there were anyone who can donate blood for her operation. The doctor said that her arm was broken and that they needed to put some pins and metal rod in them to align it back. The words were horrific to hear but Bill knew it needed to be done to help his little girl. \"Yes please, just do whatever you can to save my daughter\" \"we will, you shouldn't worry. we got to stop the internal bleeding. For now she needs some pain medication and antibiotics and we will try to schedule her for that operation\" the surgeon said as he secured Bills signature for the consent to operate. Tired and drained of his energy, Bill, went back to the waiting area where he saw Jesse sitting asleep exhausted by the entire ordeal. He saw his hand still covered with mud and his eyes still puff red from crying. \"Jesse, here you need to drink this.\" Bill extended his hand and offered him a cold beverage. Jesse's hands were still shaking. Bill patted Jesse's shoulder and try to reassure him. He was proud of Jesse and was thankful that his daughter had a friend like him. \"It's all my fault Mr. Burke. If I had just….\" He paused and continued \"We knew it was'nt safe but I couldn't\" tears started to fall again. Bill reached out and grabbed Jesse and held him close to his chest. He reassured the young boy that it wasn't his fault that no one knew thus would happen. The emergency room opened and a group of people rushed in. Bill stood up and gave Judy a hug his wife was crying all they she must've feared the worse as well. Mary Aaron, Jesses' mother, grabbed his son and held him close to her thankful and worried about him. \"Is she going to be okay?\" Mary said her voice cracking as she trued to keep calm. Mary looked at the to couple sympathetic with their plight. She knew that had it been one of her children she too would have no idea how to react or handle the situation. Bill looked at the Aarons and Judy and reassured them that Leslie's going to be fine. A quick sigh of relief left the mouths of all that was worried. Jack, holding May Belle, approached Mary and held her by the shoulder reassuring his wife that the troubles are soon over. He looked at the Burke's and tried to offer whatever help they can give. \"If there is anything we can do please don't hesitate to ask us Bill\" Jack said to which Bill nodded. \"Mr. and Mrs. Burke\" a nurse came with a couple of forms approached them. \"Yes\" bill said as he temporarily removed his glasses to wipe away the tears from his eyes. \"The doctor wants to have a word with you. Would you be so kind and come with me\" Judy looked at the Mary and without a single word knew that they would part ways for now. \"You guys should go we'll just wait here\" Jack said. A couple of hours passed as Jesse and his family waited for an update. May Belle was starting to complain. She wondered when they were going to eat this was because none of them hadn't eaten since the accident a couple of hours ago. Jack stood up and looked at Mary \"I'm going to find something for us to eat. Do you want something as well\" he looked at his wife and the silent Jesse. Jesse didn't care, he doesn't want to eat, he just wants to be left alone as he waits for Leslie. Jack understood that this grief is something new for the boy and that it was best to leave him alone with his emotions. As soon as Jack left Judy came and greeted the two Aaron's. Her face was tired but with relief. She sat down next to Jesse as she gave the news. \"She's fine now, they just transferred her to her room\" with that Jesse lifted his head and looked at Judy. \"You hear that Jesse she's going to be fine\" Mary's hand gently stroked Jesse's cheeks. The wo mothers started to talk about what's going to happen now and what's the next step would be. Jesse was still thinking of how Leslie looked. He could clearly see her unconscious her smooth porcelain skin covered with mud, her hair all messed up. He had no idea what had happened and he started to beat himself up whether none of this could have been prevented if he had only stayed. Jesse spoke and cut the conversation between the two concerned parents. \"Can I see her?\" his question floated long in the air. A brief silence as Judy looked at Mary if it was alright. Mary held Jesse's hands as Judy warmly said \"Yes, I think she'd love that\" The atmosphere while walking towards the room felt heavy. In Jesse's mind everything around him started to slow down. He saw glimpses of patients inside their rooms with all sorts of contraptions and iv lines. He feared in his heart if Leslie would have such a lonely state. A familiar surgeon, possibly the one he saw talking with Bill exited the room. \"Oh, Jesse\" Bill said as he stood up from the chair he was sitting on. Jesse only gave him a quick glance but his focus stayed with the hospital bed in front of him. He slowly walked towards the girl laying on the bed. He could not help but shed tears as she saw Leslie's face better. There was no more mud or twigs he could clearly see how she was and it broke his heart. Her white skin was a little red and her right eye was swollen. She had a little cut on her lips and he could see a neck brace placed on her. Her left forearm had a bandage to it and he could see a few cuts on her upper arm. \"Leslie\" the words came out sounding defeated as he neared her. He tried to reach out to touch her face but she feared that it would hurt her. So, he gently placed his hand over her golden hair. But, as soon as he did he quickly pulled his hand away as he saw the mud that had dried up and stuck on his palm. He quickly tried to rub it clean with his shirt and as soon as he did he began to breakdown again. \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's all my fault Leslie I should've been there\" The adults on the room who saw him was shocked to see him desperately removing and cleaning his hands while repeating those words. They saw a broken boy being eaten by guilt and a genuine love for his injured friend. Judy taken a back placed one hand on her mouth trying to keep her self from crying and breaking down like Jesse. Bill could only watch in silence as Mary ran towards his son giving him a hug and reassure him that none of it was his fault. ","Summary":" A Bridge to Terabithia story Chapter 1: A twist in fate After a fun afternoon with Mrs. Edmunds, Je"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Just older","Author":"fiesa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5917814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just older I didn´t really like the movie´s ending. Neither did my sister. Even though she seldom reads what I write, this is for her. A kind-of better ending. Or rather: A vision of the future. Summary : He hasn´t forgotten. He´s just older than he was at that time. Set ten years after the movie. Character: Jess Disclaimer: \"Bridge to Terabithia\" doesn´t belong to me. Nor do Jess or May Belle or the kingdom in the forest. Fourteen years is not enough of an experience for a boy to fall in love with a girl for all eternity. But fourteen years is enough to be scarred by a girl´s death for a lifetime. Jess feels like an idiot, returning to the forest of his childhood again and again. It´s not the same forest it was when he was a child – a lonely, desperate outsider. It has changed the same way everything has changed: his life, his parents, his family. His demeanor, his beliefs, his opinions. The changes in the forest are less subtle, though: the trees are taller, the undergrowth is thicker. The little river has fallen dry, but still, a broken bridge spans the width, a few wooden boles and rusty nails. The tree house is nonexistent. He finds the place by instinct, not by sight, because nature has long ago claimed back what children thought everlasting. Whenever he visits his childhood home, he returns here. To Terabithia. The imaginary kingdom has died, forgotten and abandoned by those who brought it to life. Children can add reality to a dream. Children can let it die as soon as they grow up. Grow up and forget. Whenever he returns, he feels old. How long ago was it when he was still playing here? He can almost hear the voices, see her smile: Leslie. Leslie. Leslieleslieleslie. Fourteen years is not nearly young enough to forget a boy´s first love. Now, ten years later, he still remembers her but he doesn´t mourn her any longer. He is scarred, he is sad, but life goes on. There is no other way to it. He hasn´t forgotten. He´s just older than he was at that time. Every time he returns to Terabithia, he wonders why his little sister doesn´t want to come. After all, she was the one who shared the burden and the happiness of ruling a country with him for several years. But May Belle refuses to join him in his wanderings through memories. Maybe she just wants to give him a refuge of his own. Maybe she really has forgotten she once was the Princess of a beautiful kingdom. Maybe he should ask her, because May Belle always was the one person who understood him – before Leslie came and after Leslie left. She still is the one member of his family he loves most. But she has changed, too. The castle. The trolls. The Therabithian Warriors – they´re all there, but theirs is a dead existence. Their king only visits now and then, their queen died, their princess forgot. Unable to continue living by themselves, they return to what they were before two children called them into life: Imagination and dreams. But their whispers, their songs and their voices still echo through the forest whenever Jess returns. He cannot see them, but he can hear them. Along with their voices, Leslie´s voice returns to him. It´s not as if he is frozen in time. His life continues, his world didn´t stop turning. He remembers her, sometimes, when he sees a white terrier or a girl with exceptionally blonde hair and blue eyes. Sometimes, he takes out his sketch pad and stumbles over the drawings that inspired his own world, and then it is that he can almost see her face. But the veil between the dead and the living never lifts. He is forced to live on, to learn, to live, to meet people and women. It´s impossible to forget her. She was his queen. But the queen is dead, along with her entire kingdom, and a king without a country and without a queen cannot simply give up and die as well. He has to live, to go on, honor and codex demand it. The only things he allows himself that remind him of the fourteen-year-old boy he once was are his returns to the dead country he created and he loved so much. A noise wakes him from his reverie. There´s a dog barking between the trees – a high-pitched, growling bark which reminds him of P.T.´s bark while hunting trolls. From where he´s sitting – on the forest´s ground between the last remnants of what once was a tree house – he can´t see anything, so he gets up and shades his eyes. Suddenly, his heart is beating erratically and he doesn´t know why. The barking draws nearer. He can see flashes of white fur shining through the trees. \"E.T.!\", a voice calls as the dog makes his way through the trees unhaltingly. He´s headed for Jess, who stands frozen, unable to move. The voice follows the dog, also coming straight for him. For a second, he is tempted to run. He might have, but his feet are frozen. And the dog bursts through the shrubbery and throws himself at Jess. \"E.T.!\" Halfway through fending off the dog who has gone mad with happiness and trying to stay on two legs, Jess catches a glance at the person following the dog on his feet. A young woman appears between the trees, her ash blond hair streaming in all directions. She stops dead when she sees Jess. Neither of them moves. The dog continues trying to attract Jess´s attention until he kneels down to pet him. His eyes never leave the woman´s face. \"Leslie?\" She is taken aback. \"No. My name´s Elizabeth. Who are you?\" \"Jess. My parents own the house on the other side of the… the former river. Where are you from?\" \"I just moved into the old manor house. I´m from Nevada.\" \"Nice to meet you, Elizabeth.\" His eyes haven´t left her face and she starts to shift uncomfortably. \"E.T. seems to like you.\" \"Your dog is from another planet?\" She laughs quietly and some of the tension seems to float away with the sound. \"No. But he has the same eyes.\" Jess has to look down and sees two black stones, looking at him intently. He smiles, almost involuntarily. \"He has.\" Giving the dog a last clap, he gets up from the soft earth and faces the woman who intruded his world. Never, ever in those last ten years of his visits has he seen a stranger in Terabithia. If he´s realistic - if he thinks like the grown-up he´s supposed to be - he knows it´s just another wild forest and there´s nothing that would stop other people from entering. But then he has seen what imagination can do, and he is pretty sure Terabithia is a world of her own. She wouldn´t allow some random stranger to intrude if she didn´t want to, even if the stranger carries Leslie´s face. \"What are you doing here?\" The woman shrugs. \"E.T. ran away and I followed him. He doesn´t know the area yet, so I was afraid he might get lost.\" \"Did you cross the bridge?\" Her brows crease. \"You mean the wooden planks over the dried river bed? Yes, I came that way.\" She found the way into his kingdom. The woman named Elizabeth whistles and E.T. stops wandering and sniffing around and skips over to her. She leashes the dog and finally throws a long, measured look around. \"This is a beautiful place\", she says and Jess´ breath catches. Can she see what he sees? Can she? Could she possibly? \"So you´re living here now?\", he asks instead. She nods. \"And you´re visiting?\" \"I used to live here, too. I grew up in these woods. I used to play here a lot.\" \"I can see why. So how long are you going to stay?\" \"A few weeks. Maybe longer. Depends.\" \"Depends on what?\" \"Depends on whether I find a job in the next town or not.\" They´re silent while Jess watches the woman and the woman watches the trees. \"I´d better get back now\", she finally says and Jess nods, both relieved and unwilling. There´s something in this woman that draws him in like a light draws in a moth. And, at the same time, he´s scared. \"Maybe I´ll see you.\" When he doesn´t answer, she turns and starts to leave. Then, suddenly, she freezes. Jess knows why. And he´s as surprised as she is. The tiny little Terabithian warrior is slowly seeping past Elizabeth, his golden wings beating slowly and irregularly, his eyelids still droopy from the long sleep. He notices Jess and snaps to attention, saluting his king politely. Then he sees Elizabeth and repeats the greeting. And off he is, while Elizabeth stares open-mouthed and Jess can´t believe what he just saw. The woman turns at him. \"Was that…\" \"A tiny little gnome with wings and a lance? Yeah.\" \"You got to be kidding me.\" Jess just shrugs. The woman stares at him and then turns to leave again. \"Freak\", she mumbles. He can hear her. He watches her back retreat into the shrubbery, the white dog trailing in front and behind her. Suddenly, he makes up his mind. \"Come back if you have questions\", he calls after her. She doesn´t turn around, but in the way her shoulders stiffen he can see she has heard. Jess sinks back to the ground and watches as the warriors, the gnomes and the hogers stir in their sleep. Terabithia isn´t dead. It´s just asleep, waiting for someone. Maybe this someone will be the new queen. Maybe it will just be the person to wake them from their sleep, to give them life again. The king watches the woman leave with the same rapt expression the face of every Terabithian shows. Together, they wait. ","Summary":" Just older I didn´t really like the movie´s ending. Neither did my sister. Even though she seldom r"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Bridge to Terabithia: Chapter 2 Responsibilities of a King","Author":"Shadow989","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12403004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 2: Responsibilities of a King The next day, Jesse awoke tired with a massive headache. It felt like a huge pressure was squeezing his brain in. He felt he was going down with a cold but there was no drip or phlegm. He could feel his eyes burning as he tried to avoid the light that came from the window. He went down the stairs and saw his sisters preparing themselves to go to school. He felt he should too as well. He knew he had to get ready to avoid chasing the bus. \"Mom, where's my lunch?\" he said as he clumsily sat down at the table his head pressed on the cold surface. He could still feel the pain in his head squeezing tighter again. \"You're not going to school today. I've already called in for you and said that you were sick\" his mom said as she held Joyce Anne. He saw his two older sister look at him in envy but never spoke a thing. That was strange this could have been a perfect time for both of them to give a sarcastic remark back at him. Instead the begrudgingly picked up there packed up lunches and went outside the house. \"But mom….\" He was about to complain but his heavy head prevented him. It felt like light and noise can hurt him. This was his first time to experience it and he could not fathom why it was so. \"I think its better that you and May Belle should rest for today\" his mother's tone concerned and continued \"…and I think it would be good to visit Leslie now\" she said. \"Leslie\" the name hit him in full force. He started to remember everything now. The white walls and nurses, the mud and wound. Jesse's memory stopped as he remembered how Leslie looked on the bed. He held his head as his brows furrowed in pain. How can he forget, was the experience to much for him to handle that he forget his friend? Has he always been this insensitive as to forget someone he cared for? \"You should not blame yourself Jesse for what had happened\" his mom said as he caressed her son's head. \"Bill and Judy wants you to visit Leslie and I know you want to as well\" his Mom's voice caring and kind. Mary asked Jesse to go to the couch to get some sleep. Jesse felt that a good rest might help alleviate the pain for now. He doesn't want Leslie to see him like this weak and helpless. He knew he needs to be strong for both of them now and that it was his responsibility now. After a short siesta Jesse felt better. The physical pain was gone now but his nerves was starting to give in. He was fearing to see Leslie again. He knew she would be in a bad shape and a lot of pain. He tried to run multiple scenarios in his head on what he was going to do once he was there. One of which was him bringing some flowers and PT and upon opening the door Leslie would be there fine and healthy albeit with a cast but without pain. It felt good in his mind to be the hero and to take all the pain away. If only it could be that easy. If only Terabithia's magic works outside their special place. He then heard the front door open as heavy boots and a familiar clanking of keys walked in. \"Jesse, are you ready son?\" His dad asked but he had a strange tone something Jesse had never seem to hear him make while he talked to him. \"Yes sir\" Jesse nodded as he walked out with his dad into the car. The drive to the Hospital was quite. No words were exchanged between father and son. He felt his father give a quick glance at him from time to time but he never dared to look back. The awkwardness however disappeared as they exited the truck. Thus was all familiar to Jesse now he had been here as he felt the same emotion trying to creep back. He fought it he didn't want to give in to fear and loneliness. \"Room 128\" he looked at the door knowing that just behind it lies Leslie. He tried to muster all courage he have and gently opened the door. Bill saw Jesse and stood up as he welcomed both him and his father. As the two dads talked about how Leslie was doing Jesse had slowly began to approach her. \"Leslie\" his words trying to reach his friend. He could hear the heart monitor beeping which gave him a little relief that leslie was still fighting. He reached out his hand to hers to show her that he is there for her. \"Leslie, I'm here you need to fight this\" Jesse said trying to fight the tears. He continued to gently whisper the words \"I can't do this alone without you a King needs help\" he begged sounding more defeated. He looked at Bill and politely asked as he cut the conversation between the two dads. \"Has she woken up or is she….\" But before he could finish the question he felt Leslie's grip tighten as he hears her weak voice call out. \"Dad\" Leslie said as she tried to open her eyes. Bill walked next to her and gently combed her hair. \"I'm here baby\" he said and landed a kiss on her head. \"Leslie\" Jesse said still holding her hand his heart beating faster as blood rushed to his face. His eyes watery and could not fight the tears, Jesse Aarons started to cry in front of Leslie. The guilt, worry and fear burst out of his eyes. Leslie turned her head to the crying boy. \"I'm sorry Jesse, I wasn't careful\" she said as tears fell out her eyes. Jesse taken aback with those words did not know what to do but instinctively rushed in and tried to give her a hug. Both children crying but alas this tears was not just tears of worry or pain but relief. The following days Jesse would try to visit Leslie. Bill would come and pick him up from school to see Leslie. He would bring some of Leslie's assignments although she was not forced to do them until she felt better but with Jesse's help she did them anyway. Well Jesse would write it all down for her of course but doing the lessons with her never felt a burden for her. When Leslie's parents were not in the room the two would talk about Terabithia Jesse would tell stories of how the people misses there queen. Leslie smiled and blushed at the thought \"So, I'm the queen and what does that make you?\" she asked. Jesse was putting all the books back into his backpack as Leslie asked the question. \"Huh, what do you mean aren't I the King?\" Jesse said wondering. \"Didn't we established I was the King remember?\" He asked back as he sat on the bed next to Leslie. It was clear that the boy was oblivious which made Leslie giggle. She gave out a sigh feeling stupid and thought to herself that this was why girls matyre faster than boys. \"What's wrong is the neck brace itchy?\" Jesse asked. \"Yeah that's it the neck brace\" she said her eyes rolling. Jesse could not have read the meaning behind Leslie's words and tries to reach in to her neck brace which caught Leslie by surprise. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Leslie said her face all red as her face and his was inches away from each other. \"Well I thought…i….oh forget it\" Jesse said. Leslie started laughing as she saw Jesse's face swell up red in embarrassment. \"Its not funny, I'm doi g my best here to help you kay\" Jesse said frustrated. Leslie felt bad and yet could not help to admire him even more. \"A King watches over his people and the Queen\" Leslie said as she gave Jesse a hug. She could hear Jesse's heart beating loudly. His back to her he could feel her soft arms around him and he felt that every word was sincere. But even with what little joy they have now little did Jesse knew that his heart was changing for the worst as it was a King's duty to protect; his heart would protect Leslie from anything from now on. ","Summary":" Chapter 2: Responsibilities of a King The next day, Jesse awoke tired with a massive headache. It f"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Sunlight","Author":"yanne xx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11346688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"MsoNormal\"It has stopped raining. Thank goodness, I murmur as I step off the train. The unease that was twisting my stomach around when the rain started pouring hard leaves, reluctantly, as if waiting for another sign of a rainstorm so it can torture me again./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I went away after high school and I haven't looked back since. Until now. Everything seems different. The town doesn't seem smaller or bigger, just different. I almost don't recognize it. I'm not entirely sure I'm ready to be back here./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"At home, my mother cooks a welcome home meal, my father works on the greenhouse, my older sisters bicker and Maybelle talks. She's in high school now and she tells me about her friends, and the teachers. There is one thing she doesn't tell me, though, and I don't know how to ask. /p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Terabithia. Terabithia. It has been so long that the word sounds so strange bouncing off in my head. Terabithia. A ridiculous name, how have we managed to believe in it for so long? It's a kid's fantasy place, really nothing but a forest filled with things that have been long since destroyed. Like the pickup truck that has grown ferns. Or the tree house. The tree house that saw no life until she came./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I slept in the couch that night and woke up with the sun draped across my body, and reflected off the floors and the dull furniture, giving them a glow. A memory teased me then, of a day when the sun touched golden walls and danced. And another, when she collected its glow and kept it in her purse./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Without thinking, I cup my hands and catch the sunlight in it. I close it tight and hold it in my pocket./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Belle is in the living room watching television and I join her./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"What?\" she says./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"What?\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"You look like you're about to say something.\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I hesitate, not sure how to go about the question. I want to sound casual, indifferent. Like it's a strange family relative I don't really care about but it would be rude not to ask./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"How are the Terabithians doing today?\" It sounded strange and utterly ridiculous, more so when spoken out loud. It didn't make sense./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Maybelle rolls her eyes and trains her eyes on the show. \"Do I still seem five to you? I haven't been there since forever, Jesse.\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Stupid. Of course she doesn't go there anymore. There is no Terabithia. There are no Terabithians. There are no flying warriors, no Dark Master, no squargles. No friendly giants, trolls or the troll hunter, Prince Tyrion. At least not anymore./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I will myself not to go but I soon find myself grabbing my coat and running, desperately chasing someone who isn't there./p p class=\"MsoNormal\" /p p class=\"MsoNormal\"The creek is dry and the leaves are falling. It has made a carpet on the bridge I built years ago. It's been broken in the edges but seems safe enough to pass through. The little sign above once said Nothing will crush us, now it has faded into unrecognizable lines. I slowly walk on and I don't even see the truck anymore. The whole place doesn't seem familiar at all. I don't know where I am, where I'm going and how I'll ever find my way back. But I keep walking, not minding anything, just letting my feet lead me to a trail they were once perfectly familiar with. It must have been an hour or two or five. And when I look up, it's there. The tree house. the tower. The tower that once held the Dark Master's prisoners who couldn't do anything but rattle their chains in misery. The tower that we made our palace, where we were attacked so many times by creatures sent forth by the Dark Master./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I look around and the trees have grown taller I can barely see the sky. That's when I remember the sunlight I collected. I take it out of my pocket and when I open my fist to let it out, it shines through the tower, to the tiny window and illuminated everything inside. And then I see her./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"She's smiling at me, pink lips curled over her closed mouth. Her hair, more golden than the sun, rustling slightly in the faint breeze. Her eyes, grey, and alive. Completely, strangely, wonderfully alive. She is the only thing that is making sense in this place. She is more real than anything, more real than the sun and the trees and the family I have back in the house. She is the only one that hasn't changed. There she is smiling and I want the image to last./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"What took you so long?\" she demands in a voice I have forgotten, yet it is a voice so familiar I know I have been hearing it every day of my life./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"It takes me a moment to answer, and when I do, it is with a voice I have long since heard as well./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"I'm sorry, I woke up late,\" this voice of a young boy says. I climb the tower with small, chubby hands and feet. And I know that these aren't the hands of a 25-year-old man but it doesn't feel strange at all./p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I reach the top and Leslie is sitting there, looking out the window to the trees and the sky. I sit beside her and ask, \"How are the Terabithians doing today?\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"Oh, they're very busy.\" Her voice drops to a whisper. \"The Dark Master is stirring. Lately, there have been intermittent attacks on some of the tree top houses. There's been talk about some citizens missing.\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"I just listen and watch her talk about the trolls and the warriors and what the Dark Master has been up to. When she's done, I say \"Looks like trouble is brewing once again.\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"She looks at me and a worried look crosses her face. \"What's wrong?\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"I'm just concerned. These are dark times in Terabithia, Leslie. And I think they really need their Queen.\"/p p class=\"MsoNormal\"Her smile comes back. \"Don't be silly. I'm always here, Jesse. I've always been here.\"/p ","Summary":" p class=\"MsoNormal\"It has stopped raining. Thank goodness, I murmur as I step off the train. The "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Chapter 3: The Sun and the Sunflower","Author":"Shadow989","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12509972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bridge to Terabithia: Chapter 3 The Sun and the Sunflower It's been weeks now after the accident and everything seemed to go back to normal, well as normal as it could be. There were a little bit of changes here and there, Leslie, since her accidents needs to catch up with some of the curriculum and some of the teachers who were fond of her offered to tutor her after school to better explain all the lessons. This meant that she had to stay an extra hour after class which she didn't mind. If there was one thing to describe Leslie it would be her insatiable appetite for knowledge. This would come to conflict with Jesse' schedule though, Monday was Math and Wednesday was Science and Thursday was English. This meant that he needed to leave Leslie at school early because he needs to go with May Belle. He tried to beg his mother if it was possible that one of his sisters could take May Belle but no one could because of a conflict of schedules. It was not because his sisters took any extracurricular activities after school but rather their schedule with their boyfriends. So during the first two weeks that Leslie started the tutoring Jesse had to stay at home look at the mirror and wait until the sky would change colour from the light tainted blue to a mixture of burning pink and orange. Sometimes he would get lucky and he would see Leslie being dropped off by one of the teachers and he would run towards Leslie and walk with her home. But, there are times where he just has to sit and look at the lights at the back of Mr. Burke's car if he fetches Leslie from school but he need not fret for in every time that had happened a phone call would buzz down stairs and he would dash down and steal the phone before Ellie or Brenda could snatch it from him. And it was fun to see his face light up with joy and his stomach be filled with a mushy feeling. He pass it off as a feeling similar to that of missing someone who he had never talked to for long. He never thought of it as anything else or maybe he was so innocent or naive yet to that idea. His mother was happy for him though not because he made a friend...the only friend she knew his son had but because of the good effect that Leslie had on him. He was doing chores the moment he comes home from school he would make sure he finishes it before Leslie comes home. His sister found it pathetic though as they think he's acting like a dog excited waiting for his master to come home. Call it what you will but for what its worth she had a positive effect on Jesse. Then one day the unthinkable happened just as Jesse said goodbye to Leslie and was about to look for May Belle he saw his dad holding his sister's bag. For a moment an intense fear shivered down his spine. \"What did I d wrong this time? Did one of my teachers called my parents?\" the thought rushed into his head. He neared his dad and felt a heavy lump go down his throat. \"Dad what are you doing here?\" his voice almost muffled his eye scared to meet his father's gaze. His dad gave a small cough as if to clear his throat and just as he thought that he was done for he heard a voice crept up from behind him. \"Good day, Mr. Aarons\" the female voice softly floating into Jesse's ear. He turned around his eyes opened to see Leslie standing behind him. She had her backpack on one shoulder supported by her arm. She was slumping a little forward her head held up high and a polite yet mischievous smile in front of his dad. \"God save me\" the thought frantically flying inside Jesse's head, if his dad would choose to he could scold him then and there and the embarrassment could kill him as Leslie would see his dad open up a can of whoop-ass and if that was not enough the rest of the kids would see it. But before his wide-eyed-face would get a grasp of what is happening his attention was caught by May Belle's voice saying hi to Leslie. For a moment the tension was broken and he managed to pull himself back down to earth. \"Hi Leslie, how is the tutoring going?\" Mr. Aaron said looking at Leslie. \"Well it's going great sir but i have to say it kinda is boring here being alone at school\" She said her her face so full at expression and ending with a beautiful smile back towards Jesse's dad. \"Is that so, well it's a good thing Jesse would keep you company for a little while\" \"Wait...what?\" the words automatically from his breathe as he looked at his dad's face and back to Leslie then back to his dad. Did he just hear his dad right? Did he actually implied that he would stay at school to wait for Leslie? Leslie's face lightened up and with her quirky personality almost filling up to the brim with excitement overflowed and gave Mr. Burke a hug and kept repeating thank you again and again. Dumbfounded Jesse looked at Leslie's face almost glowing with happiness as she hugged his dad tight. And in a almost slow motion manner he looked at his dad who smiled back, his expression was familiar that joy on his face Jesse remembered seeing. It was the same face his dad wore when his sister's would give their dad a hug and thanks for buying them new clothes at the mall. He knew his dad loved the attention. \"Okay, okay just take it easy\" his dad said as he patted Leslie's head. He looked at her and smiled \"So don't give up on your studies okay\" he then turned his gaze back to Jess his face changing reverting back to a smirk at his son \"and you son maybe you could learn a thing or too from her\" He felt like a heavy stone fall down his gut. Of all the things his dad could say he would imply that Jesse was not doing good at school. \"Oh I will help him with his school work as well. You can count on me Mr. Burke we'll make sure to work hard\" Leslie said as he grabbed Jesse's arm while trying to pull Jesse back to the classroom. \"Dad I...\" Jesse said as he was pulled away. \"See you soon son but this doesn't mean you're off the hook with your chores\" but before he could even give a reply or even a wave goodbye to May Belle he was to far now and only saw the double doors close in front of his face. Sitting inside the empty classroom watching Leslie wipe the chalk off the blackboard Jesse could only think of one thing. \"What just happened?\" he said, Leslie stopped and looked back at Jesse. \"What's do you mean what just happened, I just saved you\" Leslie said as she smiled back her arms crossed and an eyebrow raised. \"I knew you were scared and for a moment I thought you were going to throw up or something\" Leslie said trying to tease Jesse. \"Nah-uh, I wasn't going to...I never\" but before he could finished he realized that Leslie could not have seen him since she was inside the classroom so how could she have known? \"Wait a minute how did you saw me you weren't...unless you were looking at me as I walked away. Were you spying on me? Isn't that a little creepy Leslie?\" Leslie's face turned red as she was caught off guard \"What? You think I would spy on you what makes you so special Jesse Aaron's and besides you're the one who's spying on me. Looking at the window waiting until I got home\" Leslie retorted back her cheeks flushing red. \"Well...thats...uhmm...you're crazy what do you mean waiting on the window\" \"I could see your shadow from your room ever thought of turning off the lights\" \"What?! That's crazy talk I would never and besides even it were true it's different!\" \"How is it different?\" Leslie said as she stood right in front of Jesse both her hands on the desk looking down at the sitting Jesse. Jesse's face turning red as he stared at Leslie's eyes, he tried to look at something else as he felt his heart raising. \"Well Jesse I'm waiting\" \"Sunflower...\" he murmured. \"What does it have to do with a sunflower?\" Leslie taken aback from the weird answer she was given. \"I don't know Ellie told me that I was like a sunflower looking towards the sun. I don't get it either but I think it has something to do with missing someone. And I do miss you that's why sometimes i like to look towards your direction...isn't that what friends do?\" Jesse could feel the heat from his face focusing on his ears and cheeks. He kept looking down at the desk afraid that Leslie would laugh at his face. But there was nothing he raised his head to see Leslie's face all red smiling at him. \"Leslie are you mad at me?\" he said and Leslie just shook her head and gave out a huge sigh. \"You know Jesse I'm not really sure if you intentionally beat around the bush or you're as clueless as ever?\" she said and stared at Jesse and gave out another sigh and continued \" But thank you and i feel the same way as well\" and smiled at Jesse. \"Huh, what did you mean...\" but before he could finish the question a teacher came into the classroom and to Jesse's fear it was Monster mouth Myers. He kept his mouth shut as Leslie and Mrs. Myers started with their lesson. And at the corner of his mind he thought that it might not have been a good idea to stay at school with Leslie. An hour felt like an eternity and all he could do was nothing but sit there and listen and look at Leslie. A king protects his queen he remembered. He stared at Leslie and the longer he looks at her the more he appreciated how pretty Leslie really was. He liked her smile and for some reason he thinks that Leslie might actually have one of the perfect smile he had ever seen. Jesse started to also notice how full of expression her eyes were as well he could easily see the slight little changes from being happy and being annoyed from not understanding Mrs. Myers lesson. \"How come I never noticed how pretty she is\" he said to himself, he could not understand what he was feeling he knew he appreciate Leslie as a person and that she is kind and beautiful but something tells him or rather a feeling that it should not go beyond than that. Then a thought came to his mind something that grabbed his heart and tried to squeeze it a feeling of dread of fear. What if something should happen again what if someone would hurt Leslie? He heard Mrs. Myers give a sigh of frustration. \"I'm sorry Mrs. Myers but could you run that back to me again I'm having trouble understanding this part\" she said her voice polite slightly defeated and embarrassed that she could not absorb the lesson being taught to her. It isn't her fault she's tired from a whole day of studying now she is forced to take this remedial classes to catch up... give her a Goddamn break that thought inside Jesse's mind. \"What's not to understand Leslie its simple\" Mrs. Myers said as she explained again. However to the ears of young Jesse Aarons the thought of the teacher belittling his precious friend is starting to consume his heart with a blind fury. He then snaps out as he saw that in his silent rage he snapped his pencil in two. A noble king indeed... he said to himself disappointed that he broke one of the pencils Leslie gave him. ","Summary":" Bridge to Terabithia: Chapter 3 The Sun and the Sunflower It's been weeks now after the accident an"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Nothing Crashes Us","Author":"CharlieSMarts12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11392480","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jesse Pov \"You just look after yourself, son,\" Dad told me, kissing me on the forehead. I was leaving to college. Leaving my family. May- Belle ran up to me and gave me a mighty hug, \"I'll miss you Jesse!\" \"I'll miss you too. Listen, I'll need you to look after Terabithia for me, keep it in check. You could be the Queen!\" \"Queen?! But that's Leslie.. Leslie's the queen, I can't..,\" May-Belle stuttered, \"Okay.. I will!\" I finally got in the taxi and waved to my family as it drove off. \"Don't get into trouble now!\" Mom joked. I asked the driver to turn up the radio. Music would distract me from crying. I glanced to my right as we passed Terabithia. Most teenagers would have given up playing games like that, but not me. Leslie was right. Keeping an open mind, had helped me massively. It helped me get into this art college. Thanks Suddenly the taxi skidded to a halt. \"Excuse me?\" I asked. \"Someone.. someone's standing in the middle of the road. They have a gun!\" the driver panicked. The 'someone' was dressed all in black, balaclava and all. Walking round to the vehicle, they opened the passenger door, and yanked me out. \"What the-,\" I cried. \"Drive off..NOW!,\" the mysterious person called out to the driver. Once the taxi was out of sight. The person grabbed my arm and led me back down the road. This had to be some kind of dream. What were they going to do with me? Kill me? \"What are you going to doing with me?\" I asked worriedly,to which the person answered by yanking my arm harder. \"Will you kill me?\" I asked quietly. The mysterious person, suddenly stopped walking and turned around. \"Kill you?\" the person asked, revealing a female voice. We continued walking until we reached Terabithia. She dropped my arm. I waited for her to take out the gun. I was wrong. She started running towards Terabithia. Leslie used to run with me. It couldn't be... I ran after her and stopped once we reached the bridge. \"Jesse,\" she said taking off her balaclava. It was her. Leslie. Older. But it was Leslie. It couldn't be. Leslie died. \"Don't you recognise me? It's Les..\" \"I know who you are!\" I shouted back, trying to stop myself from crying, \"They told me you were dead..\" \"I know, but I'm not\" \"You had a funeral, police were investigating, you died Leslie! You died,\" I yelled. \"No I didn't. My sister died\" she replied, \"Yes, I had a sister. Twin sister in fact. She's called Willow. My parents kept her indoors, because she was mental. They didn't want her to go to hospital. I never told you about her, because I thought you would judge. No one knows about her except my family. That day, I called round at yours, May-Belle told me you were out. I was lonely.. I decided to get Willow to come with me. Getting to Terabithia was fine, I had a great time with Willow! But she never made it back..\" \"Your sister?\" \"I tried to help her Jesse! I couldn't. I didn't go back because I felt so guilty. It was my fault. I let her out. Once I realised I was being stupid, because everyone had thought I'd died, it was too late. You'd moved on..\" \"MOVED ON? Leslie.. I could never have moved on. I loved you,\" I told her letting the tears fall as I hugged her. Leslie Pov We were sitting in the treehouse. In silence. I didn't know what to say. I'd just kidnapped him. All this time, watching Jesse and May-Belle in Terabithia, longing to call out to them. I never did. And here I am, doing absolutely nothing. \"How come you stopped me going to college?\" Jesse asked curiously. \"I needed to see tell you\" I replied. \"Have you been living here for seven whole years, Leslie?\" he asked. \"I went to town every now and then.. to buy food,\" I explained, realising how strange it must seem. \"You could have died out here,\" he muttered. \"But I didn't. I've had a few troll fights every now and then..,\" I said, making Jesse smile. He got up. \"We can't stay here forever, come on..\" \"Where are we going?\" \"We'll find somewhere.. hang on, those are my clothes!\" Jesse noticed, and I blushed. \"I grew out of my clothes.. so I took yours..\" \"How?\" \"When you went swimming in the lake..\" \"You saw me swim?\" Jesse blushed grinning. \"I never saw you! I just... well yeah..\" I protested weakly. We climbed out of the treehouse. \"Did you mean it, when you said you loved me?\" I asked him. \"..as a friend, yeah.\" \"Okay,\" I said, taking off my big dirty coat, that had kept me alive for well.. years now. \"Where are we going?\" I asked him. \"The city,\" he said. I turned and walked towards the bridge but Jesse called me back. \"Wha-\" I was met by a kiss. I pulled Jesse closer to me and deepened the kiss. I felt special. After all these years of solitude, here I was with Jesse, who I loved, from the moment I met him, I knew he was something. We pulled away and I smiled, \"You're sparkling, Jesse\" He looked at himself grinning confusedly, \"Sparkling?\" \"Open your mind, Jesse,\" I reminded him. He looked at me, with a smile that melted my heart. \"No Leslie, we're sparkling..\" Author Pov Walking back to the bridge, Jesse and Leslie chatted animatedly. \"Since when did your hair get so long?\" Jesse chuckled. \"Since when did your voice get deeper?\" Leslie replied. \"You're so beautiful,\" Jesse suddenly exclaimed while Leslie blushed, \"So are you\" As they reached the bridge Jesse looked back. \"When do you think we'll see Terabithia again?\" Jesse asked. \"We'll always see Terabithia. Whenever we want to see it; as long as we keep our minds open\" Leslie replied. \"So.. now you're back Queen, we have quite a lot to sort out!\" Jesse told Leslie. \"Yes! A welcome back party with the Terabithians, a wedding, so much!\" Leslie exclaimed. \"Wedding?\" \"Yeah. Me and You. May-Belle as a bridesmaid, we need a venue of course!\" And from there, Jesse and Leslie walked off into the sun, to start yet another chapter of their lives. Of course, there were still many unanswered questions, but they had time for that. And if they didn't, they could always make time because in Terabithia, anything can happen. Nothing Crashes Us. ","Summary":" Jesse Pov \"You just look after yourself, son,\" Dad told me, kissing me on the forehead. I was lea"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"the terabithien civil war","Author":"dark lord Duston","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12275457","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Terabithiaen Civil War in the beginning the country of Terabithia. was a great place to live I should know I lived there for 30 years before the war began. You're probably wondering who I am so I will tell you my name is Duke antarion I was a duke in the Royal city of Terabithia and I served loyally under Queen Leslie and King Jess. With their combined reign the Terabithien empire defeated the dark master and his army I myself led the final charge that defeated the dark master once and for all. But all was not well for three years after the war with the dark master I spent my time away from the Royal city of Terabithia tracking down the remnants of the dark Masters army. But we were all fooled by my cousin duke arkon who unknown to us was the leader of the remnants of the dark Masters army picked the Queen's Royal guard. By the time I got back from hunting down the remnants of the dark Masters army I found Queen Leslie's body being dragged out of the lake by her Royal guards they claimed she hit her head on a rock and drowned. But I never believed that story because she was my friend and I saw bruises on her neck claiming she was strangled and then thrown in to the lake to make it look like she drowned. During my time hunting down the remnants I found out my cousin was there leader but I got back too late to save the Queen's live. But I told King Jess that my cousin duke arkon was a traitor and leader of the remnants dark Masters army and I showed him the letters that his commanders failed to burn at Fort zarton before they fled was proved my cousin duke arkon was a traitor my cousin was supposed to be executed for treason the next day but he escaped the night before and fled to the province of Aragon where he ruled in the city of artonya the capital of the Aragon province. Three weeks after my cousin disappeared King Jess went into exile leaving his sister Princess Maybelle in charge of the Terabithien Empire. For the next three years everything was fine. I served loyally under the Princess as well but here is where the trouble begins. technically the Princess was not old enough to be made Queen and she wouldn't be for two years so the Council of Lords were ruling Terabithia until she was old enough to take the Throne. But out of the Council of seven Lords four Lords wanted to rule the Terabithien Empire themselves their names were Lord karkren, Lord Sarahen, Lord ventonyen and Lord karith. First they staged a coup that killed the other three councilmembers but the coup failed to kill Princess Maybelle. Because I and my soldiers and the most loyal soldiers of the Royal Army got her out of the Royal city of Terabithia just in time to save her life. We fled to the province of sarineon. ","Summary":" The Terabithiaen Civil War in the beginning the country of Terabithia. was a great place to live I "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Figured Out","Author":"thewriterofthecenturyyeah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9530147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Figured Out DISCLAIMER I do not own Bridge To Terabithia Leslie POV: Strange things have been happening between me and Jess lately, like I found my self staring at him in class and we've been spending so much time at Terabithia lately. It started off 1 hour now it's turned to six! There's just so much to talk about with Jess. Ahhhh Jess, so handsome and dreamy. WAIT! I do NOT have a crush on Jess! Okay, maybe a little, but I don't know if he feels the same way. It's so hard having a crush on your best friend! Maybe if I got it off my chest I would feel better. Right? The worst part about it is I've become different, like I wear revealing clothes to school especially to Terabithia but Jess doesn't seem to notice though. Huh, this is so exhausting! Jess POV: Leslie has been driving me crazy lately, But in a good way. When we went to Terabithia yesterday her shirt was so short she might as well had came in her bra! One day I guess she forgot to put one on and boy did I get a show I couldn't keep my eyes on the homework sheet! I'm totally crushing on Leslie, If only she knew it. In Terabithia the next day: Jess Leslie I need to tell you something. Leslie What? Jess Uh? Leslie What? Jess Okay. Leslie I think I li. Never mind. ( Starts to climb down from tree) Leslie Jess wait, I like you to! Jess What?! Leslie: Who do you think I've been wear these clothes for? Jess Scott Hogan? Leslie Gross! Never! Jess (laughs) What will happen next? ","Summary":" Figured Out DISCLAIMER I do not own Bridge To Terabithia Leslie POV: Strange things have been happe"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Bridge to Terabithia: Return of the Queen","Author":"ben.obrien.399","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10980436","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"text-align: center;\"Bridge to Terabithia: Return of a Queen/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"Chapter 1: Leslie Burke/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"It had been six years since Leslie died. Six long, depressing years. Everyone who knew Leslie at all was heavily impacted by her death, but no one was affected more than Jess Aarons. Ever since that day six years ago Jess just hasn't been himself. He would rarely ever talk, even to who had offered her ear and a shoulder to cry on countless times over the years. /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"Jess could still remember the last time he had ever seen her. She was walking towards the entrance to her house. Her short, blond hair was completely saturated by the rain and at that stage and it was stuck on to her forehead but she tried to push it away regardless. She was walking down the road with her dog, P.T, in hand when she turned around and smiled back at Jess. It was the smile that Jess remembered the most. Her big blue eyes, her tomboyish attitude showing as she stuck out her tongue and laughed, Jess just couldn't accept that she was dead. /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"Jess had gone to Terabithia a few times with May Belle over the years. But as time went by and May Belle grew up she didn't have time for childish things like playing pretend in the forest. She preferred being with her friends or listening to music. But not Jess. Although he hadn't been it the forest in about 5 years, he still drew pictures of all the monsters. Mainly of The Dark Master, he always drew him and Leslie fighting The Dark Master and the two of them being victorious and saving Terabithia. /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"He didn't show anybody these pictures though. He kept everything very much to himself. But one thing had always done every day for six years, was sit on a log ,that was just a bit down from where he got off the school bus, and stare down the road that him and Leslie walked down countless times. Telling each other jokes and coming up with ways to add to Terabithia. Jess would have done anything to be there again. Every time he got off the bus he would sit on that log for up to 10 minutes, then he would get up and walk home. Every time except for this. /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"The day started off as any other. Get up, do chores, go to school and then come back. But this time, Just as he was getting off of the log to go home, he heard a faint voice in the woods. \"Jess. Help me, Jess\". At first he thought it was May Belle but she had gone to her friends house straight from school, then he thought it was his youngest sister, Joyce Ann but it was to deep for her voice but yet it was still a girls voice. He heard it again \"Jess. Please. Help\" At this point he knew it. \"Leslie!?\" Jess broke into a sprint, racing down the road towards the bridge to Terabithia./p p style=\"text-align: center;\"\"Jess, Jess. Help Me\". Jess was running as fast as he could in the direction of the voice. \"Leslie, where are you?\" Jess shouted, but there was no answer. \"Leslie. Please answer, where are you?\". There was no answer. Jess stopped running as he realised where he was. He was at the bridge he made. He hadn't been here in five years. Everything seemed darker, more eerie than what it used to be. The bridge he made was in bits, it was less of a bridge and more of a few old, raggedy planks of wood. Jess walked onto it and looked over the side of it, down at what used to be a flowing river but was now an ankle deep puddle. Jess jumped down and had a look around. Remembering the raft that he and May made. He was a little bit overwhelmed by all of the memories, good and bad, coming back to him. But just has he was about to leave before he started crying, his eye was caught by something shiny on the other side of the bridge, embedded in the muck. Jess went over to investigate and he picked it up. It was a silver necklace with a little heart on it that could be opened. It took a bit of force but Jess opened it. inside was two pictures. on the left side it was Leslie, And on the right side, Jess. He knew exactly what this was./p p style=\"text-align: center;\" /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"It was Leslie's favourite necklace that she always wore. She never showed Jess what was inside of it despite the fact he always seen her looking at it. Jess wiped a tear from his eye and put the necklace around his neck. But just as he done this he seen a dark, shadow like figure run from one tree to another. Jess jumped back up from inside the old river back onto the land. He stood still waiting for it to happen again. But it didn't. He then started to question himself about whether any of this was real or if he imagined it. But the voice sounded too real to have been imagined. Jess took a deep breath, looked at the pictures in the necklace again and walked home. /p p style=\"text-align: center;\" /p p style=\"text-align: center;\"\"It's the king\", said the Dark Masters minion. \"He must have heard her. I will stay around this part of the woods and I'll report again if he comes back\". \"Standby for further information\". /p ","Summary":" p style=\"text-align: center;\"Bridge to Terabithia: Return of a Queen/p p style=\"text-align: cent"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Terabithia Lives Once More","Author":"xxpia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11299239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TERABITHIA LIVES ONCE MORE Jess and May Belle had visited the forest daily since the accident. For years they'd kept her alive in their memories, and continued on like she was still a part of their kingdom. In a way, it made it easier. Terabithia was still standing, and more beautiful than ever. Purple flowers stood in bloom, the sun shined brightly down on the castle, while the people of Terabithia was as lively as ever. Everything seemed so nice and normal, so calm and pretty. It wasn't unusual that May Bell disappeared around noon, Jess had noted she was just as excited about exploring the forest as he'd been on her age. Jess was content on sitting behind with his sketchbook as he waited, already growing used to it. She had often asked about what they used to do when they were out here, but Jess never felt like talking about it. He never felt like talking about her in general. It was painful, because when he thought about her, he also thought about how he could have prevented it; how he had failed her. Now, he told himself, it didn't really matter. It had happened years ago, and while the pain still felt fresh, the wound itself had long ago closed. All he could do for his friend was keep the memories of her alive. The memories of them. A lot had changed since then though, for starters Jess was now attending an art school. They weren't doing so bad, and though May Belle spent most of her time in the forest with Jess, she'd made a lot of friends. Their fathers business was also going strong. They had seemed a little concerned about them spending so much time out in the woods, but after a few weeks they grew accustomed to it and simply looked the other way. This is how Jess copes with it , they probably thought. This is probably his way of earning up to her. As so many other times, Jess tried to draw the blond girl out of memory. She slipped more out of his mind for every day, but he kept holding on. People were expecting him to let her go, but that was one thing Jess refused to. Just like the other days out in the woods, he sat with his pencil and stared at the page. ' Keep your mind wide open ,' she'd said, so that was what he did. 'JESS!' For a moment the boy blinked, wondering if he'd really heard that or not. Laying the book aside and listening hard, he finally heard it again. ' Jess! ' Jess broke out in a run toward where he thought the voice came from. May Belle's voice was high pitched, urgent. It made his blood turn cold at the thought of what might have happened. 'May Belle!' They ran into each other, panting. The girls face was flushed, her hands already tugging at him. Before either of them could catch their breath, they were moving again. 'What's going on?' Jess asked, following his sister with a pumping heart. A sheet of sweat had broken out on his forehead. 'Hurry!' May Belle said, ignoring her brothers protests and continuing forward. Jess noticed they were heading for the lake, which made his pulse speed up even more. A year ago, May Belle had done about the same thing. They had been close to the water, so she'd went to explore. She had only tried to help, but bringing that piece of cloth was everything but helping. His throat felt tight at the thought of going through that again; feeling the hope surge, only to have it crushed and destroyed all over again. He wasn't sure he could go through that and stay sane. 'May Belle, please, what are you -' 'Come on, Jess! You have to see this!' He could tell she was excited. With a heavy heart, he saw they were closing in on the lake. He had to inhale sharply. May Belle didn't notice as she tugged her brother along, eyes big and bright with wonderment. Her heart was speeding up, more from what lay ahead then from the run. If this turned out to be her imagination, she was sure Jess wouldn't forgive her with the first, but she couldn't not tell him either. It was just a chance she had to take. As they reached the riverside, May Belle was both delighted and terrified to see it had not been in her head; there was actually someone laying in the water. Before the younger girl could say anything, Jess was ahead of her, rushing over to the riverside. May Belle wasn't far behind him; her eyes following him like it was a dream. Watching Jess crouch beside the unconscious blonde, May Belle felt a spark of hope. In her head, she added a silent thanks to Terabithia, smiling as her brother started to cry. A/N: I wrote this sometime in 2014 and it has just been laying around ever since. Honestly the idea popped up in my head after the first time I watched the movie (which is a long time ago, when I was pretty small) and I guess I just refused to accept the ending, so I created my own. For reasons that are even unknown to me, I decided to write it down one night and this was the result. What do you think? (Sorry for any spelling and/or grammar mistakes). Disclaimer: I do not own Bridge to Terabithia (2007). BTW: I don't even know where to begin with the title. I suck at giving them, okay? ","Summary":" TERABITHIA LIVES ONCE MORE Jess and May Belle had visited the forest daily since the accident. For "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Uma Ponte para a Inspiração","Author":"Tish Berbel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9728797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Uma ponte para a Inspiração Certa vez conheci duas crianças mais velhas do que eu, seus nomes eram Jess Aarons e Leslie Burke. Essas duas crianças faziam tudo juntas, desde ir para a escola até brincadeiras que ninguém nunca sabia o que eram, aliás, a única coisa que se sabia sobre eles, é que Jess e Leslie brincavam todos os dias, da hora em que chegavam da escola até o começo da noite. Mas para explicar e entender essa amizade tão valiosa, eu vou apresentar-lhes tais crianças tão essenciais para a história que vou contar. Jess Aarons não era o garoto mais popular da velha escola da cidade, tampouco o mais estiloso. Suas roupas não eram de marcas, para dizer a verdade, eram um tanto surradas e o único bem valioso que ele possuía, embora não percebesse muito bem naquela época, era seu caderno de desenhos do qual morria de ciúmes, e ai daquele que ousasse colocar as mãos em seu caderno. Jesse tinha quatro irmãs, duas mais velhas do que ele e duas mais novas, sendo a caçula ainda um bebê. Sua mãe sempre cuidava da casa e era uma mulher maravilhosa, mas ela também não sabia de seu verdadeiro valor e não se dava tal valor, vivia ocupada demais apartando as discussões das mais velhas e se preocupando com o bebê. Mas o pai de Jess era um homem ocupado e muito preocupado com as finanças da casa, não conseguia dar a atenção necessária aos filhos e por ser amargurado por não ter dinheiro suficiente para sustentar a família como ele queria se tornou um homem fechado. O pai de Jess não ligava muito para ele e os desenhos que ele fazia, era motivo de piada para que Jess crescesse e parasse de desenhar bobeiras, sem perceber o talento que seu único filho tinha. O garoto vivia quieto e raramente falava; uma das poucas pessoas que ouvia sua voz era sua irmãzinha May Belle, que estudava na mesma escola. Jess não sabia, mas para May Belle ele era seu herói favorito, por mais que ele se irritasse facilmente com ela (May Belle sempre queria ficar perto do irmão e até mesmo invadia, sem querer, a privacidade dele). Jess se fechava para todos e tudo, incluindo sua família, e quando entrava no quarto nada mais poderia afetá-lo. Mas foi aí que Jess conheceu a nova vizinha Leslie Burke, sem saber que ela seria sua nova vizinha. Leslie Burke era totalmente diferente das outras garotas da escola. Tinha cabelos curtos e louros, usava roupas coloridas e diferentes, tênis com canos longos. Não se importava com o que as pessoas começaram a cochichar sobre sua aparência, na verdade, não parecia se importar com o que pensariam dela. Quando ela chegou à escola, Jess não gostou nadinha dela, afinal, ela o venceu na corrida que era somente para meninos. Como ele poderia gostar de uma garota, novata, que havia tirado a única chance que ele tinha de se dar realmente bem em algo na escola? Mas Leslie não se importava com absolutamente nada do que poderiam pensar ou dizer sobre ela. Leslie queria apenas ser feliz e ela conquistou a amizade de Jess. Como eram vizinhos, Leslie e Jess passaram a fazer coisas juntos, coisas das quais eu sempre tive curiosidade em descobrir do que se travam. Leslie era a garota mais corajosa da escola também e foi a única com coragem suficiente para enfrente Janice Avery, uma garota durona da oitava série que cobrava US$ 1 para que pudéssemos utilizar o banheiro. É claro que Janice não deixou barato nenhuma das afrontas de Leslie, lançando um jato de catchup na direção dela, dentro do ônibus escolar. Ainda assim, Leslie não perdeu sua coragem do mesmo modo como não se sentiu mal após todos de sua sala zombar por ela não ter TV em casa. Perto dela, Jess era outra pessoa e até sorria; enquanto Leslie não mostrava ser diferente do que ela era na escola ou em casa. Ela não tentava se encaixar em nenhum grupo da escola, não forçava amizade e cativava com seu olhar pensativo e jeito carinhoso. Ela fez com que ele tivesse mais coragem de viver, se aventurar, e por mais que o pai dele o colocasse para baixo dizendo que nada era do modo como ela dizia, sem sentido algum, Leslie levava Jess novamente a mergulhar no mundo deles. Quando May Belle quis ajudá-los, mesmo sem ter ideia do que o irmão e a amiga dele faziam, e entregou as chaves de seu pai, Jess não gostou e brigou com May Belle, Leslie a defendeu do jeito dela. Eles se divertiam de verdade, longe de tudo e longe de todos. Foi então que o pior aconteceu. Era um sábado sem aula e realmente quente, o verão estava acabando, e a \"namorada\" de Jess, a professora Edmouns (Jess tinha uma amor platônico por ela), o chamou para passear, ela iria levar os sobrinhos, mas a irmã mudou de ideia no final e para não perder a viagem, chamou Jess. Jess não convidou a Leslie, ele queria aproveitar e ficar a sós com a professora Edmouns. Eles ficaram fora o dia todo e quando ele chegou em casa a pior notícia veio. Ao tentar atravessar o rio em uma corda suspensa, a corda arrebentou e Leslie caiu no rio. Por estar cheio devido as chuvas dos últimos dias, o rio estava muito alto e a correnteza forte, Leslie não teve chances de nadar e se salvar. Leslie morreu afogada. Jess se recusou a acreditar em tal fatalidade e acreditava que Leslie estava viva, pregando-lhe uma peça dentro da floresta, para onde ele correu para procurá-la. Mas a única pessoa que ele encontrou por lá foi May Belle, que o seguiu quando percebeu o quão triste estava o irmão, mas Jess não gostou de ver a irmã na floresta (que era o lugar só dele e de Leslie) e a empurrou num impulso para poder ficar sozinho. Era demais para ele aquela perda e ele se culpava por não tê-la chamado para ir ao museu também, até porque se ele o tivesse feito, Leslie ainda estaria viva, não estaria? Mas ele foi egoísta demais para pensar em chamar sua amiga e a escola já não era mais a mesma sem ela. Jess não viu as mudanças que ocorreram, como Janice agora ser uma garota melhor e querer se aproximar das pessoas que realmente valiam a pena. Foi a professora que Jess menos gostava, da aula mais cansativa e sonolenta quem lhe falou algo importante. Falou que ele deveria chorar, deveria deixar a lembrança de Leslie fluir e não tentar esquecê-la, afinal, Leslie continuaria com ele para sempre e ela, mais do que todos, sabia a dor que era perder alguém importante. Então Jess Aarons percebeu que precisava se despedir de Leslie Burke, e ele o fez ao seu modo. Não sei como e nem quando, mas sei que Jess Aarons aos poucos voltou para o mundo e ele sabia que era o que Leslie iria querer. E ele fez mais uma coisa que tinha certeza que Leslie iria querer e aprovaria sem hesitar. May Belle, que foi a primeira pessoa antes de Leslie a enxergar o irmão e não se importar se ele tinha dinheiro ou roupar maneiras, amava seu irmão mais do que qualquer Barbie. Jess sabia que Leslie iria querer que ele revelasse o segredo, que escondera com tanto ardor, para a pequena May Belle, sob o juramento de nunca revelar nada para nenhuma das irmãs. Foi nesse momento, a transição entre a perda e a vida, que Jess mostrou para May Belle o reino perdido e escondido na floresta. Jess revelou Terabítia a sua irmã e anunciou aos terabitianos a nova e futura governante, e ele só aceitaria ser Rei se May Belle aceitasse ser a Princesa de Terabítia. Ele mostrou um novo mundo de aventuras para ela. E então, ao lado do meu irmão, eu me tornei a Princesa de Terabítia, o mundo mágico que meu irmão e nossa vizinha Leslie descobriram escondido em uma velha floresta que ninguém mais frequentava. Mas o mais importante para mim não foi descobrir o segredo que meu irmão e Leslie escondiam de mim. O mais importante foi eu me tornar amiga do meu irmão, depois de tanto tempo. Nunca substitui a Leslie, ela era insubstituível e eu sabia disso – ninguém nunca a substituiu dentro de mim também – nem os novos vizinhos, nem Janice, nem mesmo minha irmã Joyce. Mas eu ganhei um lugar especial no coração de Jess ao lado da Leslie. E Terabrítia se tornou o meu refúgio durante muito tempo, assim como nunca deixou de ser o refúgio de Jess. Meu irmão e eu vivemos novas aventuras por lá, desenhamos cada canto de Terabítia e pintamos um retrado de Leslie que perdura até hoje no forte dentro da floresta. Eu, May Belle Aarons, nunca esquecerei Terabítia e muito menos a mais bela amizade que já presenciei em toda a minha vida, mesmo hoje, já adulta. Terabítia será a história que contarei aos meus filhos, netos e bisnetos. Eu, May Belle, nunca esquecerei a Ponte para Terabítia. ","Summary":" Uma ponte para a Inspiração Certa vez conheci duas crianças mais velhas do que eu, seus nomes eram "},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Cracked Time","Author":"limeprime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10307901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey guys! :) Yes, this is the sequel! It's like I had an epiphany in the middle of the night of ideas for this thing! :) So, I'm gonna bust out chapters while I am still inspired! This kicks off about right where the first story stopped. Ok, without further ado, let's go! Chapter 1: (Intro) Life was good for Flint Lockwood. He was currently doing what he loved, inventing, alongside his amazing girlfriend and weathergirl, Sam Sparks. The two and their friends had made Sparkswood a dream come true. After the Chester V and Shelbourne ordeal, they had completed the lab, and were all currently employed in it. They, so far, had not had any issues with Chester or the former mayor. Everyone had a job at the laboratory. Earl was head of Sparkswood security, but often helped out Manny or even taught the Foodimals at times. Brent was used as a test subject most of the time, or would just observe everyone else at work. Manny was getting quite good at chemistry, and would help Flint out when he was needed. Sam was the weathergirl for the town, and utilized all of the weather forecasting devices Sparkswood possessed. And Flint, of course, was the most well-known inventor around. He was inventing new machines left and right, but little did he know, he was about to invent a machine that would impact his and his friend's lives forever. The inventor of the FLDSMDFR was presently finishing up blueprints for his biggest invention yet. He was squinting at the paper under the bright light from his lamp, adding finishing touches to the sheet, when someone interrupted him. \"Flint, come on!\" A voice yelled from the entrance to the enormous lab. \"You're going to miss Sam's surprise party!\" Flint looked up at the clock alarmed. \"Oh no! You're right Brent! I'm gonna be late!\" He said, and shoved the desk so that his computer chair went backwards. The inventor ran around, flailing his arms, trying to find her gift. Brent watched Flint run around with an amused expression. He then called out to him. \"You better hurry man. She'll be back in five minutes.\" He said, and walked out. \"Argh, where is that present?\" Flint asked out loud, lying on the floor looking under the desk. He threw drawers open, and luckily in the third one he opened, the semi-large present was sitting there. Flint grabbed it, and rushed out of the lab. Everyone was currently down in the main entrance to Sparkswood, where Sam was going to be any minute. Brent stood holding a cake, Manny a bunch of balloons, and Flint, a bouquet of roses. Steve sat on Earl's shoulder behind them, and Barb was standing next to them holding a camera. Barry and Tim waited patiently with them too. When they saw the weather girl start to approach the building, Earl whispered, \"Get ready everybody!\" Sam entered, and everyone jumped out and yelled \"SURPRISE!\" She was startled at first, and jumped back, letting out a small scream. Then it gave way to a smile as she saw all her friends. \"Happy birthday Sam!\" Flint said smiling and handing her the flowers. Sam gratefully took them and looked around at all her friends. Barry then ran up and jumped into her arms. \"Sa Spark!\" \"Aww, thanks guys!\" She said, hugging Barry. They then led her to Sparkswood's cafeteria, where bright streamers covered the lunchroom, and a huge sign that read 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY SAM!' hung on the wall. She entered, and smiled at all her friends had done for her. Brent brought the cake in, and handed it to Manny, who cut it, and then they all sat down to eat. Afterwards, Sam began to open her presents. When she got to Flint's, she glanced at him, completely at a loss as to what it could be. He just shrugged and motioned for her to open it. Sam began to tear the wrapping paper off of the gift. When she saw what it was, she gasped. It was the latest, greatest model of any of the weather forecasting devices. The Doppler Weather Radar 3000. Sam looked at it in awe, then ran over to Flint and almost bowled him over with a huge hug. \"Flint, this is the best present ever! Thank you sooo much!\" She said, her head against his neck. The inventor blushed, and hugged her back. \"You're welcome. I thought you would like it.\" He said. Sam just looked at him affectionately and kissed him on the lips. \"Eww,\" Brent said, looking away. \"That's enough guys; you can finish your business later!\" He said, trying to block them out with his hand, pretending to be grossed out. Sam and Flint jumped apart, blushing furiously. Earl just laughed. \"Okay yeah, just finish up later. For now, let's enjoy the rest of this party!\" The officer said joyfully. They both nodded in agreement, and went over to have fun with the rest of the party. Sam's party was a huge success, and after it had begun to get late, everyone left for home. Eventually only Flint remained. He wanted stay behind to work on his new invention. The inventor walked up to the lab, and sat down in his computer chair. He cracked his knuckles and got to work. A/N: Ok guys, sorry if this chapter was kind of uneventful, but I'm saving the big surprise for the end of next chapter! ;D I don't think anyone has done this idea yet, so I'm pretty excited to see your guys' thoughts on it! Unfortunately you're going to have to wait til next chapter. :3 Oh well, alrighty then! Until next time! –Limey :)[Chapter 2] A/N: Alright, double update! Woo! :D I might have to take a break from posting though, because of the intensity of this cliff hanger! ;) Anyways, enjoy, and let me know if you like this idea or not! Chapter 2: Flint abruptly woke up from his position hunched over on his desk. He must've fallen asleep in the midst of him working on his new machine. The inventor freed the papers stuck to his face before stretching and releasing a yawn. When he was awake enough to focus, he looked over at what he had managed to build so far. His machine was about halfway finished, and if he could give it enough power, it should be able to function. Flint decided to grab a quick cup of coffee before returning back to work. When he went to the break room, he was mildly surprised to see Barb. She usually stayed in a special room made for her in Sparkswood, since she didn't have anywhere to go after Live Corp. It wasn't that odd to see her there. \"Good morning Flint and lab partner.\" She greeted. \"What are you doing here so early?\" the ape questioned. …It was really early? Then again, he didn't actually check what time it was. The inventor looked at the clock. Woah, it was four in the morning. Flint looked back at the ape. He decided just to answer truthfully. \"Oh, I was here working on an invention last night, and I must have fallen asleep.\" He responded. Barb looked content with that answer, and didn't pry anymore. She just simply nodded and handed the inventor his usual latte. He smiled. \"Thanks Barb!\" Flint said, as he made his way back to the lab. \"No problem, Flint!\" The orangutan called back, waving a long arm in the air. As he was returning to his laboratory, Flint felt the coffee giving him a surge of energy. He immediately sat down and began to work, before the effects of the caffeine wore off. A few hours later, he had lost track of time, Sam walked in. She saw Flint hard at work, and sneakily crept up on him. \"Boo!\" Sam exclaimed when she reached him. The inventor jumped about ten feet in the air, and let out a shrill scream. \"AHHHH!\" Flint fell out of his chair, landing on the ground, then looked up to see the laughing weather girl. \"Heh, heh, sorry Flint.\" She apologized, giggling. Sam helped him up. \"What'cha workin' on?\" She asked. \"It's a surprise.\" Flint answered with a smile. \"But if it works, it'll be my biggest invention to date.\" He said proudly. Sam looked incredulous. \"Bigger than the FLDSMDFR?\" she asked unbelieving. \"Bigger than the FLDSMDFR.\" He affirmed. Sam looked wide-eyed at the machine. \"Wow! Well I'll be looking forward to it then.\" She said. \"But I need to go. I have a report to do in ten minutes. I just wanted to see how you were doing.\" Sam told Flint. Flint smiled. \"Well, have fun with your new Weather Doppler 3000.\" He said. She returned the smile, and gave the inventor a brief hug. \"Oh, I will!\" She said, grinning. \"I'll come back in a little bit. Good luck with your invention!\" The weather girl said as she was exiting. \"Thanks!\" Flint called after her, and then she was gone. Flint turned back to his machine. Time to finish this thing. Hours of work later, Flint was at last wiring up the invention. \"Wiring! Plugging in! Switching power!\" The inventor said, narrating his actions. He walked up to the invention. \"Setting dates, calibrating time!\" Flint said as he tweaked the buttons and knobs located on the machine. Finally, after checking over everything, he walked up to the main switch to the power. Flint looked at the oval-shaped item on the ground. \"Here goes nothing!\" He exclaimed, before yelling \"Power, ON!\" and pulling the switch. A blinding flash lit up the room, as well as an explosion that blew the inventor backwards. He let out a yell of shock when he landed, but luckily he was unharmed. He coughed; a plume of smoke covered the laboratory floor. Flint waved a hand in front of his face, trying to clear the cloud of grey. He slowly stood up, extremely disappointed, thinking his invention was a failure. That's when he saw a figure in the haze. It was a woman, but it couldn't be Sam. Sam's hair was different, and she wasn't that short. Flint heard a feminine cough, and then the figure started to approach him. The inventor stopped when he saw the smoke clear. He was frozen in shock, and felt paralyzed. The woman approached. Flint finally managed to squeak out a single word. \"….M-Mom?\" Fran Lockwood stood three feet in front of her son. His machine had worked. His time machine , had brought his mom back. A/N: OOOOOOHHHHH! FRAN IS BACK! :D How do you think Flint's gonna react? Haha, you'll have to wait until next chapter! :D hehe…I'm cruel, aren't I? Oh well. Leave a review, and tell me what you think of this grand surprise! :) Alrighty then! Until next time! –Limey :)[Chapter 3] A/N: Oookay, so I'm back! Heh, I've been slacking because I've been messing around with my new tablet! :) Sorry! But there was a question that I wanted to answer about Flint's mom's age. It'll explain in more detail the situation in the story, but I'll give a brief run-down here. :) So, Fran was essentially zapped right from the moments before she died, and brought to the future by the machine. In theory, she'd be the age she was before she died, so I'm going to guess late 30s, early 40s? It doesn't state her age in the movie so I'm not sure. Anyways, she would be the same age she was right before her death. ;) Alright, enough rambling. Let's get on with the next chapter, shall we? Chapter 3: Flint felt as though his body were turned to stone. He stood there, looking at the person he saw in the hospital, as the life left her body, right in front of him, alive and well. The inventor slowly shuffled his feet forward, approaching his mom. Fran also stared at her son, thoroughly confused. The last time she had saw him, he wasn't any taller than her shoulder. Now he was quite a bit taller than her. \"Flint?\" Fran asked hesitantly, not even sure if this was her son. The boy, well, man, was wearing a lab coat not unlike the one she had given to Flint, and had dark brown, unruly hair that could have only come from her. He nodded, and slowly reached out to touch her arm. Flint half expected his arm to go right through, just like Chester V's old holograms. But when it didn't, his eyes widened. His mom…his mom who he lost in a car accident over ten years ago, was here in the flesh. The inventor's eyes welled up into tears as he flung his arms around his mother. Fran was still baffled, but accepted the hug all the same. How could her son be so much older now? What had happened? \"I-I thought you were gone.\" Flint sobbed, holding on to his mom like she would disappear at any moment. \"I watched you… die \" He sniffled, as tears cascaded down his face. After a few minutes he collected himself, and tried to figure out what had occurred. \"Flint? What happened?\" Fran asked, looking up at her son. \"The last thing I remember was driving to pick you up from school, and then a bright flash.\" She explained, and looked to the inventor for an answer. He simply led her to a chair, and sat her down. Flint still looked completely stunned, but answered her all the same. \"It's a long story. I'll start from the beginning.\" He said, and began to tell her everything that had happened over the course of all the years she had been gone. He started with her death, all his inventions, the FLDSMDFR, Shelbourne, Chester V, Live Corp, and Sparkswood. He explained how the FLDSMDFR almost destroyed the world, how he saved it, and then the whole debacle with Chester V. Twice. Flint then began to explain the time machine. The original intention was for Flint to go back, and see his mom one last time, so had set the date and time to right before she had been involved in the fatal car accident. When he had powered it on, it had worked, just not in the way he had expected. The machine, instead of bringing Flint back in time, brought Fran forward in time. She had been taken away from her time, and brought to the future to Flint's time. \"…And that's why you're here now.\" Flint finished. At the end of his little speech, Fran glanced up at her son. He was now looking at the ground, face blackened with soot from the blast. She couldn't even begin to comprehend what he was feeling. Supposedly she had died many years ago, and now she was back. It must be like a dream for him. But then she felt an overwhelming feeling of pride. The inventor had done so many great things, and was the first to build a time machine. That had never been accomplished before! Fran leaned forward and embraced her son. \"I'm so proud of you, honey.\" She said, and Flint smiled. All of a sudden, they both heard the lab doors burst open, and someone rush in, coughing. \"Flint?\" A voice called with urgency. \"Are you okay? I heard a huge explosion in here-\" Sam said as she rushed over to the inventor. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw a woman standing there. She looked to be older than Flint, but they both looked similar…\"Flint! What happened?\" The weathergirl asked, and rushed up to the inventor. \"I-I'm fine. My machine sort of exploded.\" He explained, half smiling and shrugging. He noticed her confusedly glancing over to Fran. \"Sam, this…is my mom.\" He said, gesturing to Fran. Sam's eyes went wide. \"…But Flint, you told me…she died.\" She asked, puzzled. Flint slowly started to smile. \"My machine…was a time machine… and it worked.\" Sam looked open-mouthed at him, amazed. \"Flint, that's fantastic!\" She said, encircling her arms around the inventor. He hugged her back, and looked up to see his mom looking at the two with a warm smile. The weather girl pulled away, and faced Fran. \"So, you're Sam,\" Fran stated. \"Flint's told me so many wonderful things about you.\" She said, smiling. Sam glanced sideways at him and grinned. \"Yeah. That's me!\" She answered cheerily. Then, she asked a question directed at Flint. \"So what happened again? And what was your machine?\" Sam asked, curious. The inventor looked at her, and then began to retell the story again. A/N: Ehhh that was a crappy ending. Sorry about that. Well now you know, (hopefully) how Fran's back! :) But we still have yet to see some other characters reactions, like Tim! How do you think he'll react? :) I guess we'll find out next chapter! ;) Until next time! –Limey :)[Chapter 4] A/N: Update time! Abnormal: shhhh that problem will come up in later chapters ;). Haha, anyways, yeah. I don't really have anything to write in this a/n. Crazy right? Let's just jump into the story then. Chapter 4: After Flint finished retelling the tale, Sam looked pensive, then suddenly her face lit up. \"Flint, what about your dad?\" She asked, looking at the inventor. \"Oh crapballs, Sam, you're right!\" He slapped a palm to his forehead. Flint then began to walk out of the lab, but then paused mid-step. \"Wait, where's Steve?\" he questioned. Sam just shrugged. \"Steeeeve!\" Flint began to call. Fran stood looking at him and the weather girl, confused. \"Steve? Who's Steve?\" she asked. Before the inventor could answer, Fran felt something land on her shoulder. \"AHH!\" She exclaimed, frightened. The mother watched as a furry object landed on her son's shoulder. Fran then realized it was a monkey. \"Oh, right. Mom, this is Steve. My lab partner.\" He glanced at his shoulder, pointing at the primate. \"Dad got him for me…after you passed away.\" Flint explained further. \"STEEEVE.\" The thought translator spoke, almost as if the monkey was affirming Flint's statement. Fran looked shocked. \"I- He can speak?\" She asked. Flint looked proud as he gestured to the thought translator. \"Yep! I built it myself!\" He said grinning, placing his hands on his hips. Once again, Fran felt herself in awe at all of her son's accomplishments. \"Flint, that's amazing!\" She said, smiling. \"I still can't believe everything you've done.\" Flint looked ecstatic. For mostly all his life, he grew up without a mother, and his father had never shown much appreciation for him up until recently. So to receive so much praise from his mother, who he had not been there much of his life, felt simply amazing. \"Thank you Mom.\" The inventor said, truly grateful. \"Now, let's go see Dad.\" He said, excitedly. Flint, Sam, Steve and Fran left the lab, traveling in the direction of the tackle shop. The four walked down the main street, Fran's head swiveling, taking in all the new changes. She was especially amazed at the jungle in view at the edge of the city. Flint explained to her as they were walking about Barry and the rest of the Foodimals. She was intrigued, and insisted on meeting the little strawberry. The inventor laughed and promised to bring him later. As they arrived to the tackle shop, Flint stopped at the door, then turned to face the others. \"What do you think my dad will do?\" He asked hesitantly, directed at Sam. \"I just don't want him to do anything crazy. It is a pretty hard story to believe…\" the inventor trailed off. Sam spoke up. \"I'm sure he'll be fine.\" She said reassuringly. Flint nodded at the weather girl. \"Alright, let's go then.\" He said, took a deep breath, and opened the door. Upon entering, Flint saw the tall figure of his father in the back of the shop. He led the way, Fran behind him, and Sam behind her, over to Tim. \"Dad?\" Flint called. \"You back here?\" He questioned. The fisherman put down a tackle box he was messing with and turned to face his son. \"Flint, my boy!\" Tim said, only mildly surprised to see him. \"What are you doing here? I thought you were working?\" He asked. \"Well, I was.\" Flint began, not sure how to tell his dad. \"Then, something happened. My machine backfired, and…well…\" He trailed off. Tim took on a concerned look. \"Is everything alright son? Did you hurt yourself or something?\" The fisherman questioned, worried. Flint shook his head. \"No, I'm fine. It's just that…my machine…broughtMomback.\" He said quickly, and stepped aside. Tim was first confused, not quite understanding what his son had just said. Then he saw her. His eyebrows went up, and his mouth dropped open. \"F-Fran?\" he asked, tentatively. Fran gradually walked forward. \"Yes, it's me. Flint brought me forward in time and saved me.\" She said, slowly smiling. Tim looked shocked, and then his surprise gave way to tears. They cascaded down the fisherman's face as he stepped forward and embraced his wife who he had lost long ago. Tim continued to sob, and smiled a bit. \"O-oh Fran. I missed you so much.\" He stuttered. Fran returned the embrace, getting a bit emotional as well. Flint stood a ways back, next to Sam, watching his parents' reunion. The weather girl gave the inventor a warm smile, and slid her hand into his, comforting him as he watched his family become complete again. A/N: Whew! Sorry about the wait guys! :( I've just had a lot going on. I've had two soccer tournaments, plus practice and regular games, as well as school, so I've been super busy! But now, hopefully I'll have more time to update, and you'll find out that this complete family won't last forever! ….Unfortunatley you'll have to wait a bit :P Haha anyways, until next time! –Limey :)[Chapter 5] A/N: So I'm back! SOOOOOO sorry about the wait! I was bogged down with schoolwork! But now I'm on summer vacation! :D Anyways, I'll continue with this story now that I have time! And I really do owe you guys a chapter. Abnormal 1000 : ;) lol oops. Sorry. Alright, let's get into the story! Chapter 5: Two weeks later Fran Lockwood had returned, and everyone in Swallow Falls knew. Many were quite skeptical at first, but then the town as a whole welcomed her back with open arms. Flint had spent the past two weeks with his mom as much as possible; doing all the things he never got to as a child. They spent a lot of family time together, and sometimes, Sam would also tag along. The current \"family activity\" taking place was bowling. Since Fran was back, and Flint hardly ever took time away from inventing to have fun, Sam decided that it would be a good idea. Fran obviously had no quarrels, and Flint jumped at the chance to spend time with both his mom and his girlfriend. Tim unfortunately couldn't go, due to a business trip that landed the fisherman in the states. Nevertheless, the three walked to the only bowling alley the small town possessed. They walked in and went up to the front desk pay. Fran and Sam both got their bowling shoes, while Flint argued with the man at the front that his shoes couldn't come off. The inventor finally convinced the agitated manager to let him wear his spray-on shoes, and rejoined his mom and Sam. \"So,\" Flint started, \"I-I've never actually been bowling.\" He said, wringing his hands. \"What do you do first?\" The weathergirl turned to him and gave him a skeptical look. \"Really?\" Sam said, raising an eyebrow. \"You've never been bowling either?\" She asked. The inventor shook his head. \"Huh, well first you need a ball.\" She gestured to the various colored bowling balls on the rack behind them. \"Oh, ok.\" Flint stated, and walked over to the balls. 'Well this is easy enough.' He thought. 'Hmm, ooh! I like this blue one!' Flint thought. He reached to pick up the ball. \"Oh wait Flint!\" Sam said, reaching a hand out. \"I forgot to tell you-\" She was cut off when the inventor dropped it on his toe. \"OW!\" He yelled, even though the ball bounced off of his spray-on shoes. \"That's really heavy!\" Flint shouted. Sam walked up to him and put the ball back on the rack. \"Yeah, I forgot to tell you they weigh different amounts.\" She said smiling. The weathergirl picked up a green ball. \"Here, try this one.\" She handed it to Flint. \"Oh, this one's much better. Thanks Sam!\" Flint said, grinning. Sam returned the smile. Fran watched the whole exchange between the two, chuckling and giving them a warm smile. After they found the correct ball, they walked back over to Fran, who was sitting at the table. \"Okay,\" Sam said, \"Now we just put our names in here, and start the game!\" She said and clicked the letters on the screen. \"Alright!\" Flint said excitedly when the names showed up on the big screen. \"Looks like I'm first!\" He stated, and walked up to the lane. \"Ok, walking, walking faster, throwing, rolling!\" The inventor narrated his actions, and let the ball go. It rolled down the lane quite fast, before crashing into the pins at the end. \"YES! STRIKE!\" Flint yelled, beaming. Sam grinned and gave him a hug. \"Wow, nice job Flint! You're a natural. Are you sure you've never bowled before?\" The weathergirl laughed and raised an eyebrow. \"Nope.\" He laughed and looked up at the screen. \"Oh, it's your turn now mom!\" Flint stated, facing Fran. \"Okay, then. But you better watch out. I was a serious bowler in high school. I was pretty good at it.\" Fran said, picking up her ball and smiling at her son. She walked up to the pins while Sam and Flint watched. Fran held the ball up before quickly striding up to the line and rolling the ball with a lot of force. The ball flew quickly on top of the hardwood to the pins, before colliding with the middle one, sending all of them flying. Fran turned around, triumphantly smiling. \"Strike.\" She said. Flint grinned. \"Oh, it's on.\" He said. Sam laughed and watched the family competition. 9 frames later, the scores were really close, with Sam falling a bit short of the Lockwoods. It was the last chance for Flint to beat his mom. To do so, he would need one more strike. The inventor picked up the ball, and readied himself before running up to the lane. He took a deep breath before letting the ball go. It flew down the lane, and Flint held his breath. \"C'mon, c'mon!\" He said, gritting his teeth and squeezing his hands. The ball seemed to fly in slow motion down the lane, and then it hit the pins. They all went flying. Flint had closed his eyes after he threw the ball, so he reopened them tentatively. When he did, he saw all the pins knocked down…except for one lone pin in the corner. \"Ughh!\" Flint threw his head back comically. \"Congrats, you win mom.\" He said, smiling. Fran laughed. \"Ha ha, see? That's what you get if you challenge your mom.\" She said grinning. Flint returned it and gave her a hug. \"Fine. But you won't win next time.\" The inventor said, smiling mischievously. Fran shook her head. \"Sure whatever you say Flint.\" Sam walked up to the two, and spoke. \"Yeah well at least you guys got over a hundred.\" She said jokingly. They all laughed, and walked out of the bowling alley together. After that, Flint decided that what he made was definitely the best invention ever. However, as he was about to find out, good things don't always last forever. A/N: Whew! Argh, a thousand apologies again guys for the lateness of this chapter! But now I should have some free time on my hands to finish this thing up! :) But don't worry, there's still plenty of chapters left! Alrighty, until next time! –Limey :) ","Summary":" A/N: Hey guys! :) Yes, this is the sequel! It's like I had an epiphany in the middle of the night o"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"My story of the Apocalypse","Author":"JacobXloverX2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6372360","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"We're going to have to send you back to your hotels until further notice. Even now, the officials are trying to decide whether or not we need to cancel this event- someone will be contacting your coaches to let you know the next course of action. Until then- stay dry.\" An announcer came on the intercom system, and there was a collective groan as everyone stood up, getting their things together to go back to their hotels. I had come here to swim- given up a lot to get here, too- and now I might not even get to. I sighed, grabbing my bag and throwing on my warm-ups, then following Aaron out the door to the van, which would take us back to the hotel. One of the teams had offered to open up their rented dining room to anyone if they wanted to come have fun- there would be music and games and food. Aaron ended up dragging me down there, even though I didn't want to go; he said swimmers were always so cute and charming, and he wanted to see if he could pick up a few guys' numbers. I unwillingly followed him downstairs, bringing my iPod and sitting down on a couch where I could see the whole party but didn't have to participate. I only had a few minutes of peace with my music until some big shot guys came sauntering over. One of them sat on the armrest right next to me, leaning toward me with a leering grin on his face, and the rest of them sat next to me or leaned on the back of the couch. \"Hellllo, baby, why are you being anti-social? Take out your earbuds and talk to us for a little while,\" he said, reaching over and pulling on my earbud cord so that they fell into my lap. I rolled my eyes, looking right up at him- he had chosen the wrong time to mess with me. I was in a testy mood because I hadn't gotten to swim and Aaron had drug me down here then ran off with a few guys, leaving me alone. \"Get your hands off me, please,\" I said, shrugging off his hand which had come to rest on my shoulder. He backed off just slightly, holding his hands up in defense. \"Now, hold on a second. No need to get rude- I just want to talk, that's all. So where're you from?\" I rolled my eyes- it was obvious talking wasn't the only thing on his agenda, but I decided to play along. \"We drove up from North Carolina- how about you guys,\" I said, glancing at the other guys who were with him. \"Georgia- we won this conference last year, and we plan on winning again. But maybe, just maybe, winning this conference isn't the only thing we're down here for. I'm Dallas- you are?\" \"My name is Emma. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get upstairs. My coach is having a team meeting real soon and I don't want to be late,\" I said, moving to get up off the couch. The guy sitting on my other side quickly snaked his arm around my shoulders, effectively holding me to the couch. Dallas leaned forward a little more, his smirk making me quite irritated. \"You can't leave yet- we only just met! I'm sure your coach won't be too upset if you miss the meeting- just make something up that he'll be sympathetic to,\" Dallas said with a shrug, throwing a wink at the guys around me. Now I was a little nervous. I looked around, trying to find one of the guys who'd come down with us- they'd surely help if they saw what was happening- but I didn't see anyone I recognized. Then, as I was desperately looking around, I saw four guys standing across the hall looking my way. I made eye contact with one of them and mouthed the word 'Help' as the boys practically forced me to stand up and follow them upstairs.[Chapter 2] Here's the next chapter! Hope you enjoyed the last one... Disclaimer- I don't own Day After Tomorrow, just the characters in this story :) I made eye contact with one of them and mouthed the word 'Help' as the boys practically forced me to stand up and follow them upstairs. There were five guys in the group- Dallas was walking in front of me and talking about this and that like they hadn't abducted me or anything. There was a guy on either side of me holding both my arms tightly- so tight that I knew I'd have nasty bruises on both arms when this was all over- and then the other two guys were walking behind us, probably in case I got out of these two gorillas' grips and tried to run. I knew there was no way I'd be able to run away from them, so I just hoped someone had seen me struggling and was coming to help. I listened hard, but I couldn't hear any footsteps in the hallway behind us, and I didn't dare look in case there was somebody there and I gave them away. Dallas led us into one of the hotel rooms on the second floor, holding the door open until we were all inside. As we all filed in, I glanced down the hallway discretely and thought I saw the three guys I'd made eye contact with- I just hoped they were actually coming to help me. The two gorillas who had lead me pushed me into the room, standing by the door so I couldn't get out, and the other three guys, Dallas included, went to stand by the beds. \"Why did you bring me here?\" I asked, quietly and calmly as I looked straight at Dallas. I didn't want to seem scared, because it would only fuel their laughter and callousness, and I wanted at least one of them to feel sorry for me. \"Why? Are you that stupid, Emma? Isn't it obvious? I've got four rather large and muscular guys here with me- I would hope that you see where this is going.\" I did see, but I didn't want to admit it. \"Well, I don't see, so why don't you spell it out for me.\" \"I'm going to have sex with you, Emma,\" he said casually, with that irritating little smirk on his face again. I actually had to throw my head back and laugh at the way he said it. \"You do understand that 'sex' constitutes two people participating, right? What you are about to do is rape ,\" I said with as much force and venom as I could- I wanted him to understand what he was about to do. He didn't look much older than me, maybe a senior, and he wasn't that well built. He had muscles, just not like his four 'body guards' did. He was handsome in a very cruel sort of way, with sharp features and thin lips, and his eyes were ice cold and calculating. He had his hair cut very short, and he was only a few inches taller than me, at most. All in all, not a very menacing looking person, except for the fact that he had four guys who were pure muscle who seemed ready to do anything for him, even aide in raping me. He continued to look at me with that smirk on his face, but his eyes lit up just a little when I said the word 'rape,' telling me that he had known all along what he was doing and that he was enjoying it. \"Oh, yes, I know what the difference between having sex with someone and raping someone is,\" he said in a light tone. \"I was hoping that we could turn this into a partnership and I wouldn't have to force you. I don't have to rape you, if you participate, but if you don't, then I'll just cover your mouth, having my guys hold you down, and fuck you until you pass out- your choice.\" I swallowed hard- this guy really meant business- but then I relaxed again. He hadn't thought it through at all; there was no way he was getting away with it, no matter what he did now. \"Hmm, well, that's an interesting proposition, but can I explain something to you before I give you a final answer?\" I paused for a second, pretending to get my thoughts together as I calculated just how eager this guy was to get it on- he seemed pretty patient, so maybe I could draw it out long enough that someone would notice my absence. \"You've now ensured that I will never have sex with you willing, because you abducted me and 'locked' me in this room. Even if I chose to have sex with you right now, it wouldn't be completely willing, because the alternative would be rape. Now, I'm not going to participate, so you're going to have to get your buddies here to help you, which means that when I file charges of rape against you, it will be against all five of you.\" I smiled politely at all of them, seeing the look of surprise appear on more than one of their faces. The biggest guy turned to Dallas, a look of confusion on his face. \"Wait a second, dude; I thought you said we wouldn't get in any trouble if we didn't actually rape her. I don't wanna have charges filed against me for no rape,\" he said, glancing at me a few times. \"Sorry if I'm interrupting, but I'm already pressing assault charges against you; all five of you,\" I said, looking around at all of them. Just as this started to settle in, there was a knock at the door. \"Please take her into the bathroom,\" Dallas said, pointing at me. One of the big guys grabbed my upper arms, making me wince and wiggle as he pulled me into the bathroom and closed the door. He pressed his hand over my mouth and under my chin, making sure I couldn't open my mouth in any way. I tried to keep calm and breathe through my nose, but I was starting to get dizzy from lack of oxygen. I could hear the conversation going on outside, and it gave me hope. \"Hello, where's that girl you just brought in here?\" It was a guy's voice- no one I recognized, but at least they knew I was in here. \"The one with the pretty red hair.\" \"Umm, I don't know who you're talking about, but there's no girls in here,\" Dallas said smoothly- I couldn't tell he was lying, but I hoped whoever was at the door could. \"Dude, I saw her. Someone's looking for her downstairs and I wanted to let her know that her meeting is about to start, so where is she?\" There was a pause- Dallas didn't know what to say. A second later, I heard a thud and a few cuss words. \"Where the hell is she? I saw her come in here- y'all better not be doing anything to her,\" another voice said, and I almost sighed in relief- there were a few of them here! The guy who was in the bathroom with me squeezed my mouth harder, almost cutting off the air going through my nose. He had his other arm around my rib cage, holding my arms against my side, but my legs were free. I started wiggling and shifting on his lap, trying to get away from him, and then I quickly shot out my foot, kicking the door hard. He shoved me against the wall, trying to keep me away from the door but I kept kicking out with my feet, making as much noise as possible. I could hear the fight going on outside the bathroom, but nobody was opening the door. I tried screaming into his hand, and I kicked and kicked and kicked, hoping someone would hear our struggle. REVIEW PLEASE![Chapter 3] I tried screaming into his hand, and I kicked and kicked and kicked, hoping someone would hear our struggle. Then, it got really quiet outside the door. I was done struggling- I had no more energy left and I wanted to hear what was going on out in the room. The door handle turned, and the guy behind me tensed- he was ready to either fight back or get hit by Dallas for not helping out. A guy opened the door and I sighed with relief as I realized that I recognized him from the party. He was the one I'd made eye contact with as I was being harassed. The guy behind me just stayed still, holding me tightly and keeping his hand over my mouth. \"Dude, you need to let her go- right now. We've got you outnumbered,\" he said, stepping slightly to the side so I could see three other guys standing over my kidnappers. The guy holding me hesitated for a second, so I wiggled, screaming once into his hand to remind him I was still there, and then he let me go. I collapsed forward, tumbling out of the bathroom. I felt a two pairs of hands lifting me up, and suddenly I was sitting on the bed as all four of them descended on the guy in the bathroom. A minute later, three pairs of eyes were watching me, but the fourth was at the sink, rinsing his face with cold water- it was running red into the sink. I jumped up, going over to him and placing a hand on his shoulder as I glanced warily at the guy slumped on the bathroom floor- He was out cold. \"Hey, let me look- maybe I can help,\" I said, grabbing a hand towel off the rack and getting it wet as he lifted his head to face me. His lip was bleeding profusely and he had a shallow slice along his left temple, which was also bleeding pretty well. I glanced at the other guys- they didn't appear to be bleeding, just bruised and a little beaten up. \"Okay, hold this to the side of your face,\" I said, handing him the warm, wet towel, which he held to his head. \"Keep pressure on it- push hard.\" I pushed his hand against his head, making sure he was pushing hard so the bleeding would stop. Then I grabbed a smaller washcloth, lightly pressing on his lower lip. He pulled back, grimacing as air hissed between his teeth. I hesitated, not wanting to hurt him. \"I'm okay- it needs to be cleaned, since that grimy little grease ball was the one who hit me in the lip,\" he said, pointing toward the smaller, stockier guy who did actually look really greasy. I smiled, even letting out a small laugh, and he smiled back, making my heart actually skip a beat. He had a beautiful crooked smile that made me want to smile all the time- it was like sunlight in the small, dimly lit hotel room. \"Hey, are you okay? Did they hurt you?\" His voice snapped me out of my stupor and I shook my head, not really wanting to think about the last fifteen minutes. \"No, no, I'm fine,\" I said, focusing back on his lip which had started to bleed again. He reached up, grabbing my wrist very gently and lowering it down, letting me go again. \"What's your name? I'm Jacob- this is Mason, David, and Jackson. We're all from Tennessee,\" he said softly, obviously trying to be gentle. I swallowed hard- last time I'd told someone my name, it had gone completely wrong. \"My name's Emma,\" I said quietly, dropping my hands to my side and my gaze to the ground. As everything started to set in, I had to go back to the bed and sit down- I started shaking. Jacob followed me, sitting down next to me as he continued to hold the towel to his head. I put my head in my hands, leaning forward onto my knees. Jacob placed a hand on my back, rubbing small circles with his hand. It actually helped still my shaking, and eventually I stopped and calmed down. Mason, David and Jackson were just sitting around, obviously uncomfortable and not sure what to do. Then the lights flickered, and went out. \"Oh, wonderful… a power outage,\" I said, throwing my hands up in the air. \"Could this evening get any better?\" We waited for a few seconds, expecting the generators to come on, but they didn't. I heard a very faint noise coming from outside, but I didn't think anything of it. \"What's that noise? It's really weird sounding,\" Jackson said a minute later, getting up and going over to the window. He opened it and stuck his head out the window, then quickly pulled his head back inside, a look of terror on his face. \"We HAVE to get to a higher floor! There's a wall of water rushing down the street!\" He dashed to the door, holding it open as we all sat there in shock- what the hell was he talking about? Mason was the first one to recover, and he ran to the window, hanging his head out the window like Jackson had just done. We all got up and followed him, trying to get a glimpse out the window, and what I saw terrified me. There was, actually, a very, very large wave of water rushing down the street. It looked like ocean water but I wasn't sure- all I knew was that we had to get to the top floor, and fast, or we were going to be drown. \"Let's go- move, move, move,\" somebody said, and we started running up the stairs, grabbing towels and blankets as we went. I had no idea what was going to happen next- what was happening now was too crazy to even dream of.[Chapter 4] I had no idea what was going to happen next- what was happening now was too crazy to even dream of. We got to the top floor in probably record time and we all collapsed into the hallway, running to the end to see what was going on down in the street. I got to the window first, and as soon as I looked, I wished I hadn't. The water was up above the third story, and there were all kinds of things floating along in the current, including people- dead and alive, screaming for help, struggling to get a breath, dying... I could see them waving their hands or flailing from here, and my stomach churned at the site. 'I should be down there,' I thought, 'I can swim. I can save some of those people.' As soon as I thought it, I knew it wasn't true- I couldn't do anything to save those people. That water was probably very, very cold, and by the time I got down there, they'd all be drown or too cold to move- me getting in the water wouldn't help them any. I swallowed hard, turning and squeezing in between the guys who were crowding behind me to see. I had to get away from that window and that screaming- I covered my face with my hands and sank down against the wall, wrapping my arms around my knees and burying my face into my legs so no one would see me crying. I was all the way at the other end of the hallway, so none of the guys noticed right away- they couldn't hear me, and they were too awe-struck by the sight outside to take inventory and see who was standing around them. When Mason finally realized there were only five of them standing at the window, I saw him nudge Jacob and nod back toward me. I could see that they were talking, but it was too quiet for me to hear. Jacob turned away from the window and I hid my face in my knees again, hoping he'd see that I was upset and leave me alone, but he came over and kneeled down next to me, putting one of his hands on my knee. \"Hey Emma, we're going to try and break into one of the rooms so we can get inside, so why don't you stand up and come over here,\" he said, and the way he said it I felt like he understood- he understood what I was going through and he was just trying to help me cope. I took a deep breath, trying to hold it together so they wouldn't see me fall apart- I could do that later, when I was by myself. Maybe they could break open the room next door and I could sleep in there. I watched as David tried the door knob, and surprisingly it worked. \"No electricity,\" Jackson said, and then I realized the locks wouldn't work without electricity, so all of them were unlocked \"I need to, umm, go take a nap, so I'm going to take the room across the hall, okay? Then it'll be quiet and I can get to sleep,\" I said, turning the handle on one of the other rooms, which didn't have any windows facing the street. The guys all just shrugged, but Jacob stood outside their room, watching me as I closed the door. I grabbed the chair that was sitting in front of the desk and used it to prop the door shut- now they wouldn't be able to come in without me letting them, so no one would interrupt my meltdown. I collapsed onto the bed, my body shaking as the sobs started and did not stop. I cried about everything and anything that came to mind. When was I going to get to see my family again? Would I get to see my family again? Was I going to survive through this catastrophe? What was I going to have to do to get through this? I had no idea what was going on, and I just cried. I don't know how long I cried for, but eventually my tears dried out; I continued to just lie in bed, shaking and shivering as the room started to get colder. The temperature was dropping pretty rapidly outside, and soon the rain, which had continued to pour down, started to turn to snow, and then suddenly it was snowing- hard- right outside the window. I burrowed under the covers to try and warm up, but I continued to shiver more and more violently. Then I heard the handle on the door- someone was trying to get in, but couldn't because I had put the chair there. \"Emma? Emma, let me in- I'm sure you're freezing in there. You don't have to talk or anything, but just let me in so you don't freeze to death or anything,\" Jacob said softly, jiggling the handle again. I stayed where I was; I didn't want him to see me like this when he'd just met me a few hours ago. He continued to knock on the door and jiggle the handle until I couldn't take it anymore. \"Go away, Jacob. I don't want to see you right now,\" I said, trying and failing to keep my voice steady- it cracked right at the end. I heard him mumble something under his breath, but he continued to jiggle the handle and try to get me to open the door. \"Emma, if you don't open up I'm going to break this door down,\" he said, and I could hear him starting to throw his body weight against the door. I sighed, finally standing up with the comforter still wrapped around my shoulders and going to the mirror. I looked like hell, but there wasn't really anything I could do, so I just shrugged and went to the door, moving the chair and slowly opening it, keeping my eyes on the ground. Jacob hesitated when he saw me, but I just walked back over to the bed, curling up facing the wall so that he'd get the hint. Of course he didn't. \"Hey, can you look at me for a sec?\" He ran a hand over my head, letting his fingers trail down my exposed cheek and giving me goosebumps. \"You don't have to say anything- I just want to tell you something while you're actually looking me in the eyes.\" I rolled over so I was facing him. He was sitting on the bed looking right at me, and once I made eye contact with him, he started talking, not waiting for some acknowledgement or anything. \"I know we just met, and I know you're upset about a lot of things that I've got no idea about, since I barely know you, but I want you to know that I'll listen if you want me to. I'm here for you- I've felt a connection with you ever since I saw you, and I only want to help. Whatever you need me to be, I'll be, just for you. I can be quiet and a really good listener or I can talk and talk and get your mind off whatever's bothering you, or… I can be anything,\" he said, leaning over me a little and keeping my eyes locked to his. He was only a foot or so above me, and without really thinking about what I was doing, I pushed myself up on my elbows and kissed him forcefully, closing my eyes tightly. It took him a second, but he reacted almost as passionately, holding my head in his hands and moving closer. He moved his hands around my waist, pulling me onto his lap as we continued to kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer as I got closer and enjoying the feeling of his hands holding me tightly. Despite everything that had happened and the circumstances, I felt safe and secure in his arms. I finally broke contact with his lips, brushing my lips across his jaw as I pulled him into a hug, tucking my face in between his neck and my arm. I could feel his heart racing in time with mine as I closed my eyes, breathing in his wonderful smell, and I felt his lips on my neck, making me shudder just a little bit. \"Emma, you're freezing,\" he said, as my hands connected with his bare skin at the back of his neck. \"Why have you been in here all by yourself? We're all huddled up in the other room- why don't you come in there and sleep?\" I had already cried myself out, so I supposed it wasn't a bad idea. I followed him into the other room, where the guys had completely rearranged the room. They'd grabbed blankets and pillows from other rooms and used the two mattresses from the queen beds to create a kind of nest in the middle of the room, and the mattress pads and frames were sitting against one of the walls. They were all spread out on the small nest, and there was an indentation where Jacob had been sitting. He plopped down on the mattress, pulling my hand to get me down with him. I curled up next to him, pressing my cold hands on his warm chest and cuddling up right next to him, placing my head on his shoulder as he pulled blankets around us. I fell asleep with his arm draped over my shoulder and his chest rising and falling right next to me as he breathed. ","Summary":" \"We're going to have to send you back to your hotels until further notice. Even now, the officials"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"30 Worlds Megaforce XI-A Marriage Made in Meatballs","Author":"William Raymer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10920310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Based on the Columbia Pictures Industries/Sony Pictures Animation motion picture Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 Screenplay by Erica Rivinoja, John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein Screen Story by Phil Lord, Christopher Miller and Erica Rininoja Inspired by the book Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Written by Judi Barrett Illustrated by Ron Barrett (Published by Simon and Schuster, Inc.) \"Princess Scarlett\" character taken from the Sofia the First fanfiction series The Scarlet Saga Written by j akevoronkov 1 \"Skips\" character taken from the Cartoon Network series Regular Show Created by J.G. Quintel \"Xur\" character taken from the Universal Pictures/Warner Bros. Pictures (as successor-in-interest to Lorimar Productions) film The Last Starfighter Written by Jonathan Betuel Previously on 30 Worlds: Megaforce ... The Enterprise arrived in their first Unaligned World, the Unaligned World of Divergent, in order to locate Beatrice \"Tris\" Prior, the Divergent Key. Almost immediately upon their arrival, William and Sofia became embroiled in the internal politics of Dauntless, one of the five Factions that inhabited a ruined future version of the great city of Chicago. First, William was challenged to an honor fight against a Dauntless initiate. Then, when Tris was abducted by faction leader Max and spirited off to an A.I.C. compound in the wastelands outside Old Chicago as part of a plot to upset the balance between the five Factions, William led an Enterprise rescue team to liberate her and transport her to the Enterprise . Eventually, Four—the second-in-command of Dauntless—challenged Max to a fight for control of Dauntless and chose William to fight on his behalf. Using his newly-acquired access to the powers of Ressha Sentai ToQger , William defeated Max in a fight to the death. PROLOGUE In the combat information center on the DDV Enterprise , Prince William of the lost kingdom of Cinnabar stood at his place in front of the ship's Galaxy Map. Around him, his friends and shipmates were going about their duties as the ship sailed through the dimensional tides en route to their next destination. \" Sickbay to C.I.C. ,\" a voice called out. William crossed over to his private terminal. \"Go ahead, Isabella,\" William said. The face of Isabella Garcia-Shapiro appeared on the terminal's screen. \" William, Tris is asking to speak to you, \" she said. \"On my way, Isabella,\" William said. He turned to Bayonetta, who was standing nearby. \"Take over, Bayonetta,\" he said. Bayonetta nodded, then stood at the Galaxy Map as William walked into the central access turbolift. In the Enterprise 's Sickbay, Isabella was scanning a woman drinking from a cup and sitting on one of the room's biobeds. The doors into Sickbay opened, revealing William. Beatrice \"Tris\" Prior set her cup down and smiled at William. \"Isabella told me what you and your crew did for me and Four, William,\" Tris said. \"Thank you.\" \"It's my job, Tris,\" William said. \"Please excuse us, Isabella.\" Isabella nodded, then entered her office. \"I'm sorry we lied to you about who we really were and why we were in your world, Tris,\" William said as he sat on the biobed next to Tris. \"Isabella told me why you had to,\" she said. \"It's no problem as far as I am concerned.\" Tris gestured to Isabella's office door. \"Isabella says I can leave,\" Tris added. \"So, what do you need me to do?\" \"Whatever you can do, Tris,\" William said before a chime sounded. \" C.I.C. to Prince William. We have arrived in the Unaligned World of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, \" the voice of Sergeant Tamora Calhoun said. \"On our way, Sergeant,\" William said. \"Summon all senior officers to the Briefing Room.\" \" Aye, aye, sir, \" Calhoun said. Tris followed William out of Sickbay. The heads of the Enterprise 's senior officers turned as the Briefing Room doors opened to reveal William and Tris. William gestured for Tris to sit next to Calhoun as he himself moved to stand next to the holographic projector in the center of the room. \"E.R.I.N., begin briefing,\" William said. The projection of E.R.I.N., the ship's artificial intelligence, appeared as the room lights dimmed. \"A few years ago, an amateur inventor named Flint Lockwood created a machine that turned water into any kind of food he programmed into its computer. He called it the 'Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super Mutating Dynamic Food Replicator,' or the FLDSMDFR, for short,\" E.R.I.N. began. \"The FLDSMDFR caused food-based weather systems to form, not just above Lockwood's hometown of Swallow Falls, a small island in the Atlantic Ocean, but above most of the world's major cities and other population centers. At first, the weather was welcomed by the people. But, when the FLDSMDFR went haywire, Flint took it upon himself to deactivate the device and save the world. He was joined by these people, who along with Flint himself, are the Cloudy Key,\" E.R.I.N. said, turning to the projector. \"Sam Sparks, a well-known weather reporter; Manny—last name unknown—her faithful cameraman; Brent McHale, Flint's former bully-turned-best friend; Flint's pet monkey, Steve; and Earl Deveraux, a policeman in Swallow Falls. Finally, Flint used another of his inventions, spray-on shoes, to clog the FLDSMDFR's exit port and short out the machine...or so he thought,\" E.R.I.N. continued. \"What do you mean?\" Tris asked. \"Shortly thereafter, the LIVE Corporation purchased the entire town of Swallow Falls and moved all of its citizens to the town of San Franjose, some three hundred miles to the north,\" E.R.I.N. responded. \"Flint, who had tried but failed to become a LIVECorp 'thinkquanaut' six months before, was hired to return to Swallow Falls and investigate a mysterious rash of food-animal hybrids—or 'foodimals'-that had appeared on the island, which had become overrun with vegetation.\" \"It was discovered that the FLDSMDFR had survived and was creating the foodimals based on its last-known program instructions. When LIVECorp and its chairman, Chester V, tried to seize the FLDSMDFR, Flint and his friends stopped them and destroyed the FLDSMDFR once and for all,\" E.R.I.N. finished. \"Well, why does Master Yen Sid want us to go to this world, E.R.I.N.?\" Zenon Kar asked. \"I'm glad you asked, Zenon,\" E.R.I.N. said. Images of the foodimals on the holographic projector switched to an online news article headlined \"WACKY INVENTOR AND WELL-KNOWN WEATHERGIRL ENGAGED.\" \"Master Yen Sid suspects that the remnants of LIVECorp's thinkquanauts might try to sabotage Flint and Sam's wedding in retaliation for the couple's hand in the death of Chester V during the foodimal crisis,\" E.R.I.N. said. \"I see,\" William said. \"Tris, Zenon, Skips, Bayonetta, Phineas, Ferb, please remain here. The rest of you are dismissed.\" Except for the individuals William specified, the briefing room emptied. ::TBC::[Chapter 2] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" CHAPTER ONE In the cockpit of Gavan's Glory , William grasped the flight stick and guided it to a landing on the outskirts of the recovering town of Swallow Falls. Around him, the rest of the away team were readying their gear. Tris was polishing a knife before putting it in the sheath at her waist. Zenon, Phineas and Ferb were ensuring that their scanners and other equipment were fully charged and ready for the mission. Bayonetta was stretching, while Sofia was preparing her Mobilates. \"All right, everyone. Here's the plan,\" William said. \"The residents of Swallow Falls are starting to reclaim the land on this side of the island, while the other side of the island has been left exclusively for the foodimals. We must not disturb them unless circumstances demand otherwise. Are we clear?\" \"Crystal,\" Bayonetta said. The rest of the away team simply nodded. \"Your scanners have been updated with a map of the island, including the boundaries between the human-inhabited and foodimal-inhabited sides of the island. Like I said, we will stick to the human sector unless we need to cross over,\" William said before opening the embarkation hatch. \"Let's go.\" As the away team walked into Swallow Falls, William noticed a few officers in S.F.P.D. uniform blue working security on a construction project bridging the human-inhabited and foodimal-inhabited sectors. \"How ya doin'?\" one of the officers said. \"Fine. And you?\" William responded. \"Great,\" the officer said. William noticed the name \"Deveraux\" on the officer's uniform. \"You're Earl Deveraux, aren't you?\" William asked. Earl Deveraux smiled. \"You've heard of me?\" he said. \"You're famous!\" Sofia said. \"You and everyone that Flint Lockwood had with him during the foodimal crisis and back to the weather systems caused by the FLDSMDFR have become famous worldwide.\" The rest of the away team nodded their admiration. \"We're doing research for an upcoming movie based on Flint Lockwood,\" William said. \"I'm William Pine, and I'm going to produce it.\" William gestured to Sofia, Phineas, Ferb, Zenon, Tris and Bayonetta in turn. \"With me are Sophia Winter, who will play Sam Sparks; Edward Styles, our production designer; Aaron Kaufman, our special effects supervisor; Kirsten Blake, who will play young Sam; Elizabeth Wooden, our head of security; and Sunny O'Keefe, our writer,\" William said. \"Welcome to you all,\" Earl said. \"Let me escort you into town. As we go, you'll be able to get a feel for things.\" \"We appreciate that, Officer Deveraux,\" Zenon said. Shortly thereafter, Earl was leading the Enterprise away team past the docks as Flint Lockwood, Sam Sparks and Flint's father Tim were stepping off Tim's boat. \"Earl!\" Sam said when she saw Earl. \"Sam, how are you doing?\" Earl said. \"Just escorting some important visitors through town.\" Each member of the away team introduced themselves in their cover identities. \"So, Columbia's makin' a movie about us? Amazing!\" Flint said. \"Will the movie discuss our wedding?\" Sam asked. \"That's why we're here, Miss Sparks,\" Bayonetta said. \"A camera crew will shoot the wedding for inclusion in the finished film. My team and I will guard against any possible interference from outside forces,\" Tris said. \"Are you expecting trouble?\" Tim asked. \"In light of the recent hacking incident related to The Interview , Sony Pictures is taking no chances,\" Tris said. \"This film is one of the ways Sony is looking to get back on its feet, and we want to protect it any way we possibly can.\" \"Well, thank you for your efforts, Mr. Pine,\" Flint said. \"No problem, Flint,\" William said. \"Now, we need you to get the team together. We need to know all we can about you so as to make the film as authentic as possible.\" \"Give us a couple of hours,\" Earl said. \"In the meantime, let me escort you to our best hotel. The Mayor's waiting for us there.\" William nodded, then smiled at Flint, Tim and Sam. \"We'll see you later,\" William said. Earl led the away team away from the construction site. Back aboard the Enterprise , Skips stood at the Galaxy Map in the C.I.C. as Troy Bolton exited the central access turbolift. \"Good morning, Master Skips,\" Troy said. \"Just Skips is fine, Troy,\" Skips said. \"How's Gabriella?\" \"Well, thank you,\" Troy said. \"We're still getting back into a semblance of a routine after our honeymoon was interrupted to have us join the team to rescue Tris.\" \"And we're still sorry for doing that,\" Skips said. \"But when Tris needed help, we needed all hands on deck.\" \"Gabriella and I understand,\" Troy said. \"But like we said to William and Sofia, it's time we started pulling our weight around here. To that end, Gabriella is assisting Isabella in Sickbay, allowing the Gold Squadron pilots who were working there to return to their proper duties.\" \"Very well,\" Skips said. \"I gotta head back to my room and rest. Could you take over until CeCe comes on duty in a few hours?\" \"Sure,\" Troy said. \"Have a nice rest, Skips.\" Skips smiled before stepping into the c.a.t. Troy turned back to face the Galaxy Map and tapped a control. Ship's Log, DDV Enterprise , Mission Day 1,139, Troy Bolton recording. We are currently in geosynchronous orbit over the island of Swallow Falls in the Unaligned World of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, awaiting a progress report from our away team on the surface. Ship's status is green on all systems, and crew are at full readiness. Mayor Craig Vincent sat at the bar inside the Swallow Falls Regent hotel and smiled as Earl led the Enterprise away team into the bar. \"Thanks, Earl. Mr. Pine, on behalf of the people of Swallow Falls, I'd like to officially welcome you,\" he said. \"It's not much right now, but it is home.\" \"On behalf of Sony Pictures Entertainment, I would like to thank you for allowing us to film in your city, despite the difficulties of the recovery efforts in front of you,\" William said. \"During our visit, we will provide whatever aid and assistance we can.\" \"We appreciate it, Mr. Pine,\" Vincent said. \"I've asked the Regent to set aside an entire floor for the use of the production for the duration of your visit. Just check in with the front desk and they'll provide the rest of the details.\" \"Thanks again,\" Sofia said. The away team stood up and walked up to the front desk. A receptionist was at a computer terminal. \"Can I help you, sir?\" he asked. \"Hi, I'm William Pine with the Sony Pictures Project: Meatball team. I have a list of the primary staff of the production assigned to the filming here in Swallow Falls. If any of them arrive to check in, send them up to our floor,\" William said, handing the receptionist a piece of paper. \"Yes, sir,\" the receptionist said. \"Will you require assistance getting your gear up to your rooms?\" \"No thank you,\" William said. The away team turned and got into a nearby elevator. ::TBC::[Chapter 3] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" CHAPTER TWO The next morning, with four days remaining before Flint and Sam's wedding, William woke up in his hotel room in the Swallow Falls Regent and reached for his Mobilates. \"Prince William to Enterprise . Come in, please,\" he said. \" McKessie here, Your Highness, \" the voice of Taylor McKessie said. \" Good morning to you. \" \"The same to you, Taylor,\" William said. \"Give me a ship's status report, please.\" On the Enterprise , Taylor stood at the Galaxy Map and tapped a control. \"All systems are at green alert and fully functional,\" she began as she read from the holographic display before her. \"Gold Squadron pilots are at Level 1 standby. All tactical systems ready for deployment.\" \" Good ,\" William said. \" We still don't know what Xur's game is, so it doesn't hurt to be ready. Continue at present status until circumstances demand otherwise. \" \"Yes, sir. McKessie, out,\" Taylor said before gesturing for Rocky to end the transmission. As William closed his Mobilates, a knock sounded on the door. \"Who is it?\" William asked as he put his Mobilates in a drawer. \" Hotel security, Mr. Pine. Ms. Sparks is here to see you, \" a voice called out. \"Just one minute,\" William said before tying on a robe embroidered with the Columbia \"Torch Lady\" logo. \"Send her in.\" Sam opened the door, a concerned look on her face. \"What's wrong, Sam?\" William said. \"I just got this message e-mailed to me,\" Sam said, pulling her smartphone out of her pocket. A few quick swipes later, Sam held the phone so that William could see. The image of Flint appeared on the smartphone's screen. \" Hello, Sam. I don't know how to tell you this any other way, so I'll just come out and say it, \" Flint said. \" I don't think we should get married—at all. We're just too much different to be able to make a go at it. I'm sorry, but at least you found this out now instead of at the altar. See you around. \" The screen went blank. William looked back up at Sam. \"Do you think you could send that to my e-mail? I could have my head of security analyze it to see if it is fake,\" he said. \"Sure,\" Sam said. Tapping a few buttons, Sam then held the phone out. \"Just tap in your address,\" she said. William tapped in an e-mail address that E.R.I.N. had set up for the mission. \"MESSAGE SENT\" appeared on the phone's display. \"I'll have Liz get back to you with her findings,\" William said. \"In the meantime, proceed with the wedding plans as if nothing has changed.\" \"Got ya. And thanks,\" Sam said before leaving William's room. A few minutes later, William was watching the message again, trying to locate any hints of alteration or outright fallacy when there was another knock on his door. \" Mr. Pine, it's Flint Lockwood. We have to talk, \" the voice said. \"Come in,\" William said. The door opened, admitting Flint and his pet money Steve. Steve had an angry look on his face. \"Flint, what's wrong?\" William said. \"A few minutes ago, I got a message from Sam, saying that she had to cancel the wedding,\" Flint said. A frown creased William's face. \"Flint, a few minutes ago, I was visited by Sam, saying that you sent her a message saying the exact same thing,\" William said. \"When Steve saw me viewing the message from Sam, Steve started blurting out, 'FAKE! FAKE! MESSAGE FAKE!',\" Flint said. \"Do you have the message that Sam says I sent her?\" William picked up his laptop and brought it over to where Flint and Steve were standing. \"Watch,\" William said. After only a few moments, a loud shrill cry came out of the thought translation unit around Steve's neck. \" FAKE! FAKE! MESSAGE FAKE! \" The cry repeated several times. William had to yell for Flint to hear him over the sound. \"FLINT, I THINK I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON! FIND SAM AND BRING HER BACK HERE! I'LL EXPLAIN EVERYTHING THEN!\" William said. Flint nodded, then picked up Steve—still yelling \" FAKE! FAKE! MESSAGE FAKE! \"—and left William's room. As soon as the sound faded, William pulled out his Mobilates. \"Prince William to Enterprise . We have a situation. Have the away team rendezvous in my hotel room immediately,\" William said. \" Aye, aye, sir, \" Calhoun said. As soon as the channel closed, William stood and walked over to his hotel room window. Opening the shades, William could see the recovery work progressing on the streets below. Humans in SFPD uniforms were working with civilians and foodimals to clear some of the detritus that had developed during the time that the town had laid abandoned. William took a deep breath and closed the shades. \"Here's hoping the recovery can recover from this,\" William said out loud to no one in particular. ::TBC::[Chapter 4] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" CHAPTER THREE William sat in front of the rest of the away team. \"That's the situation, guys. Xur is attempting to drive a wedge between Flint and Sam, possibly neutralizing their Key power and rendering the Grand Key useless against him,\" William said. Bayonetta held up her hand. \"William, what can we do about this?\" she said. \"Simple, Bayonetta,\" Sofia said. \"We get help.\" \"Exactly, Sofia,\" William said. A knock sounded on the door. \" Mr. Pine, it's Flint Lockwood. Sam's with me, as you requested, \" the voice on the other side of the door said. \"Come in,\" William said. The door opened, revealing Flint and Sam. \"It's time you two know the truth about us,\" William said. \"My name is not William Pine. My real name is Prince William of Cinnabar, a kingdom in another dimension. In fact, all of us are from other dimensions.\" \"Princess Sofia of Enchancia,\" Sofia said as she stood up. \"Beatrice Prior, but you may call me Tris,\" Tris said. \"Phineas Flynn,\" Phineas said before gesturing to Ferb. \"This is my step-brother, Ferb Fletcher. He tends to only talk when he needs to.\" Ferb simply nodded at Flint and Sam. \"Bayonetta,\" Bayonetta said with a nod. \"Zenon Kar,\" Zenon said with a smile. \"William told us about the messages you two received. Steve was right.\" \"Those messages were fake!\" Sam said. \"But, why?\" \"You two are the Key from this world that when combined with all of us and those Key components on the Enterprise —the ship that brought us here—will destroy the Army of Inter-universal Chaos,\" Phineas said. \"The organization's Great Leader, an alien called Xur, knows, as we do, that anything that happens to a Key component will alter the strength of the Key's power,\" Tris said. \"So, for example, if you two were not to get married, your power would be weakened to the point where it would virtually be useless to us.\" \"I've seen and invented some weird things before, but this is ridiculous!\" Flint said as he and Sam sat down. \"So, what's the plan?\" \"We marshal the troops,\" Ferb said. \"Well said, Ferb,\" William said. \"Flint, Sam, I'll assign Tris and Zenon to you in order to gather the human citizens of this town whom you most trust. Sofia, Bayonetta and I will do the same on the foodimal-inhabited side of the island.\" \"Then, you'll need to seek out Barb,\" Sam said. \"She's our friend and the leader of the foodimal population. Here's a picture.\" Sam pulled a picture of a purple monkey out of her wallet and handed it to William. William took his Mobilates, scanned the picture, then returned it to Sam. \"Phineas, Ferb, you'll return to the ship and coordinate things from there. Maintain comm silence except in emergency situations,\" William said. \"We don't know if Xur has ears here, so we must be cautious.\" \"Got ya,\" Phineas said. \"We'll pass the word to the crew as well.\" \"All right, everyone,\" William said. \"Be safe, and let's get the job done.\" William, Sofia, Flint, Sam, Bayonetta, Zenon and Tris left the hotel room while Phineas and Ferb called the Enterprise for a beam-out. A few hours later, William led Sofia and Bayonetta into the jungle that dominated the foodimal-inhabited side of Swallow Falls Island. \"Sam and Flint told us that Barb lives in a cave near the former City Hall complex,\" William said. He then gestured to a blinking red \"X\" on a map of Swallow Falls Island being projected from his Mobilates. \"Be careful, as this overgrowth may disrupt communications with the ship.\" \"Understood, Your Highness,\" Bayonetta said. Sofia simply nodded as William pushed aside a branch. An hour later, William, Sofia and Bayonetta approached the location of the cave. William looked over and saw a purple figure sitting on a rock, helping a \"tacodile\" groom its children. \"Excuse me,\" William said. The purple figure turned to gaze at the group from the Enterprise . \"I am...\" William started to say before the figure interrupted him. \"Prince William of Cinnabar. I have been waiting for you,\" it said. \"I am Barb. It is a pleasure to finally meet you in the flesh.\" \"You have heard of me?\" William said before closing his Mobilates and putting it in the holster at his waist. \"I was told of you long ago by my former friend, Chester V,\" Barb said. \"Before he went crazy, that is.\" \"How did Chester V know of us?\" Sofia asked. \"Through one of the inventions developed by a LiveCORP thinkquanaut,\" Barb said. \"I remember the sight as if it were yesterday.\" FIVE YEARS BEFORE LIVECORP HEADQUARTERS SAN FRANJOSE, CALIFORNIA USA Barb watched as a thinkquanaut flipped a switch. \"The d.o.d., or dimensional observation device, allows us to pierce the veil between our world and the others that lie beyond,\" she said. Chester V, chairman of LiveCORP, watched as a eerie green mist began to fill the oval portal in front of them. Then, the green mist parted to reveal a young man with dirty blond hair and a young woman with auburn hair standing on a platform in front of a group of individuals of multiple ethnicities. \" I am Prince William of the kingdom of Cinnabar. This world, known to my people as the Unaligned World of Divergent, is one of thirty worlds threatened by a group known as the Army of Inter-Universal Chaos ,\" the blond-haired man began. \" My fiancee, Princess Sofia of the kingdom of Enchancia, and I are seeking the one person or force from each World that, when combined with their counterparts from the other worlds, will stop the A.I.C. once and for all. \" \"Can they see us?\" Chester V asked. \"No, sir,\" the thinkquanaut said. \"Neither can they hear us. The d.o.d.'s portal only allows a inward view.\" Barb looked on as Prince William pulled a device from his pocket and flipped it open. \" Prince William to Enterprise . Two to beam up ,\" he said. The portal began to close as Prince William and Princess Sofia disappeared in a shower of blue and silver light. THE PRESENT DAY SWALLOW FALLS ISLAND FOODIMAL SECTOR Barb smiled. \"I was fascinated by the way you two carried yourselves and hoped to be able to meet you two someday,\" she said. Sofia looked at Barb. \"And now that you have met us, you can probably guess why we're here,\" Sofia said. Barb nodded gravely. \"That A.I.C. you spoke of is here and looking to stop you. What's their plot?\" she asked as she stood up. Bayonetta pulled a device from the utility pack at her waist and switched it on. \"Flint Lockwood and Sam Sparks each received a message, ostensibly from the other,\" Bayonetta said, tapping a few keys on the device. \"Upon analysis, we determined them to be fakes.\" Barb watched as the ersatz Flint and Sam spoke. \"We determined that the faked break-up messages are part of an A.I.C. attempt to prevent Flint and Sam from getting married and neutralizing their power to help us defeat the A.I.C.,\" William said. \"We have members of our crew working to rally help from the inhabitants of the Human Sector, which leads us back to why we're here,\" Sofia said. \"We need help from the foodimals, as well.\" Barb smiled. \"I owe Flint and Sam a lot for helping the foodimals survive Chester V's takeover attempt,\" she said. \"I'm in. In fact, we all are!\" At Barb's summons, the air became filled with all kinds of chattering. Around William, Sofia and Bayonetta, foodimals of every size and description began to approach the clearing. Barb looked at William and extended her paw. \"Prince William, the foodimals of Swallow Falls are at your command,\" Barb said. William smiled, then shook Barb's paw. ::TBC::[Chapter 5] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" CHAPTER FOUR As the sun rose over Swallow Falls on the day of Flint and Sam's wedding, William woke up in his room in the Swallow Falls Regent. \"Good. You're up,\" a voice said. William looked over and saw Tim Lockwood. \"Mr. Lockwood, what's going on?\" he said. \"Sofia wanted me to tell you that your people had the cameras and film equipment set up in the park,\" Tim said. \"Anything else?\" William asked as he rose to his feet. \"The foodimals are standing by, or so Barb tells me,\" Tim said. \"All right. Let me get dressed,\" William said. \"See you at the park.\" Tim smiled before exiting William's room. William looked out of the window and down at the streets. There was not as much reclamation activity in the streets, indicating to William that most of the SFPD officers and civilian volunteers he had seen were attending the wedding. At the park, Sofia stood with the female members of the away team and watched as Sam put her veil on. \"Sofia, I want to thank you and your away team for acting as my bridesmaids,\" Sam said. \"I have very few female friends or family left, and the ones I do have were unavailable to act.\" \"It's what we're here for,\" Sofia said. \"You and Flint are important to our mission, like all of the other Keys we've met so far.\" Zenon smiled at Sam. \"You and Flint will specifically be a great help to me in the science laboratories,\" she said. \"Thank you, Zenon,\" Sam said. There was a knock on the door of the meeting room. \"Who is it?\" Sam said. \" It's Master Skips, \" a voice from the other side of the door said. \" May I come in? \" \"Sure. We're all decent,\" Sam said. The door opened, revealing Skips, clad in top hat and tails. \"Everything is all ready, Sam,\" he said. \"Then let's do this,\" Sam said. As the bridesmaids linked arms with their groomsman counterparts, Sam did the same with Skips. At the altar, Flint stood and watched as each groomsman and bridesmaid pair walked down the aisle. With every pair having arrived at the altar, the minister gestured for the audience to stand. Finally, the doors slid open, admitting Skips and Sam. As \"Here Comes the Bride\" began, Sam and Skips began to walk down the aisle. Even over the organist, William could hear a dreadful droning noise. \"HIT THE DECK!\" William yelled before tackling Sofia to the ground. Around him, everyone lunged for the floor as several huge craft appeared and surged towards the park. \" Enterprise , this is Prince William. Emergency! Lock on to all individuals within 30 meters of my locator signal and transport them to Holodeck 1!\" William yelled into his Mobilates. \" Stand by, \" E.R.I.N. said. William felt everything and everyone around him dissolve and re-form on the Enterprise . \"Everyone, stay here and hold on tight! This is gonna get wild!\" William said. \"E.R.I.N., exit!\" The Holodeck doors appeared. William led the Enterprise 's senior staff out of the Holodeck. Minutes later, the senior staff resolved back in the park, William and Sofia holding their Mobilates at the ready. A flare of red and gold light resolved into a force of Goumin foot soldiers. \"Goumin?!\" William exclaimed. \"But Klorgbane is dead!\" \"Yes, but I'm not,\" a voice called out. Flint and Sam gasped when the Goumin parted to reveal... \"Chester V?! But, how?\" Flint said. \"Master Xur saved me,\" Chester V said. \"I pledged my scientific knowledge to the service of the A.I.C.\" \"Why?\" Sam said. \"His is the only power that deserves to rule the universe,\" Chester V said. \"If my talents can bring this destiny to fruition, then so be it.\" \"Like hell,\" Sofia said. \"Xur will learn, like so many before him, that good shall always—and I do mean, always— triumph over evil.\" \"Prove it,\" Chester V said. \"Well then, we will,\" William said. \"Sofia, let's do this!\" William produced a Megaforce Change Key from his utility belt buckle. Sofia did so too. \" Megaforce Change! \" William and Sofia said as they turned their Keys. William's Mobilates called out, \" Bioman! \" while Sofia's called out \" Dekaranger! \" William/RedOne called out, \"Barb, NOW!\" The air was filled with the chattering of the foodimals. Chester V frowned. \"You think those foodimals can save you?\" he said. \"Not just them, sir,\" a voice said. Barb climbed down a foodimal's back. She wore the uniform of a member of Gold Squadron. \"Chester, I used to respect you. But, when that thinkquanaut introduced that dimensional portal to you, I noticed a change in you—a change which culminated in your deplorable actions against the citizens of Swallow Falls,\" she said. \"Now I have a family that will always support me— always !\" Barb said. \"Lieutenant Barb to Enterprise . One to transport to Gavan's Glory . \" Barb dissolved in a flare of transporter energy. \"You see, Chester?\" Flint said. Chester V turned back to face the team from the Enterprise . \"I used to idolize you, because you seemed to be doing things for the good of all mankind,\" Flint said. \"But now, I know that these people-\" Flint gestured to the team from the Enterprise . \"-are the only ones who can save mankind. They are the only ones I idolize now,\" Flint finished. \"Me too,\" Sam said. \"William, you're licensed, right?\" William/RedOne nodded, then took off his helmet. \"Chester V, you're too late,\" William said. \"Flint Jacob Lockwood and Samantha Hannah Sparks, by the power vested in me by the State of North Carolina, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Flint and Sam kissed for the first time as husband and wife. When the kiss broke, William put his helmet back on. \"Now, let's kick their asses!\" William/RedOne said. ::TBC::[Chapter 6] 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" CHAPTER FIVE In the skies over Swallow Falls, Barb—sitting at the controls of Gavan's Glory —was leading the Gold Squadron fighters in combat with the A.I.C. pilots. Meanwhile, in the park far below, William/RedOne and Sofia/DekaSwan were fighting the Goumin foot soldiers. The rest of the crew were attempting to apprehend Chester V, but found each time that they were dealing with holographic duplicates. Suddenly, a voice came over William/RedOne's communicator. \" E.R.I.N. to Prince William. Come in, please. \" \"Go ahead,\" William/RedOne said as he sidestepped a Goumin side-kick. \" I have been able to trace the control signal for Chester V's holographic duplication system, \" E.R.I.N. said. \"Where is it?\" William/RedOne said. \" The former LiveCorp underground headquarters bunker in San Franjose, \" E.R.I.N. said. \"E.R.I.N., is there a way you can shut down the signal, yet make Chester V think the system is still active?\" Sofia/DekaSwan said. \" I believe so, \" E.R.I.N. said. \" If the ship's Thanix cannon emitters can be tuned to the exact opposite frequency of the signal, I can use them to send a recursive feedback pulse that can do the trick. However, I will need the assistance of Phineas, Ferb and the Lockwoods. \" \"Do it,\" William/RedOne said. Phineas, Ferb, Flint and Sam stood still as the Enterprise transporter claimed them. Moments later, the Enterprise sent out a golden stream on energy from her Thanix cannon emitters. Every holographic duplicate of Chester V fizzled out of existence. William/RedOne powered down and took a deep breath. \"Now that that is taken care of, we have a job to do,\" William said. \"E.R.I.N., beam us up. Then, as soon as Gold Squadron mops the floor with the A.I.C. fighters, bring them home and set course for San Franjose, California.\" \" Acknowledged, \" E.R.I.N. said. William and the rest of the Enterprise crew dissolved as the transporter beam claimed them. A few minutes later, as soon as the Gold Squadron pilots had landed back on the Enterprise , she turned away from Swallow Falls and sped towards San Franjose. Deep within the former LIVECorp headquarters bunker, the real Chester V watched on his screen what the crew of the Enterprise wanted him to see: the Goumin defeating the Enterprise away team, while the A.I.C. pilots destroyed Gold Squadron. Chester V laughed as he saw the flaming hulk of Gavan's Glory crashing to the ground and obliterating the surviving foodimals. A voice from behind him startled him. \"I don't see what's so funny,\" it said. Chester wheeled around and saw the Enterprise away team. \"Especially when it really didn't happen,\" William finished. Chester V sighed as Tris and Calhoun took him into custody. Ship's Log, Mission Date 1,142, Prince William recording. We have apprehended Chester V and turned him over to the citizens of Swallow Falls Island to do with as they will. Lieutenant Barb has said her goodbyes to the foodimals and has officially reported for duty aboard the Enterprise . I think that based on her performance yesterday, Gavan's Glory will be in good hands when I'm not at the helm. William smiled as he tapped a control on the computer terminal in his quarters. \"Log Entry Saved\" appeared on its display. \" C.I.C. to Prince William ,\" a voice said. \"Go ahead, Lieutenant,\" William said. \" We're receiving a scrambled data upload from Master Yen Sid, \" Barb said. \"Decode and send it to me,\" William said. \" Yes, sir. Barb, out, \" Barb said. Images and text scrolled on William's display. \"Lieutenant Barb, set the dimensional deviator for the Unaligned World of Babylon 5 and engage at your discretion,\" William said. \"Our next Key awaits.\" The adventure continues in 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XII: \"The Last Hope\" Plus, get a different perspective on the story in 30 Worlds: Megaforce Gaiden: \"Zha'La'For (The Captain's Table)\" ","Summary":" 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XI: \"A Marriage Made in Meatballs\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Ba"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Escape into the Atlantic","Author":"Lavenderotakuace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12919751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Yet ANOTHER CWACOM fanfic… This one is based off of a really badass dream I had last night .3. [The dream was where I was Flint running away from the FLDSMDFR underwater...] Chapter 1: Escape! [Flint's POV] I don't know how long it's been, but I know it's been months. The FLDSMDFR captured me in my sleep, then brought me to an island more run down than Swallow Falls. I've been practicing escaping, but it caught me one time. What was my punishment? Well. . . It force-fed me very harshly; ever since then, I've been coughing up blood. I can't speak; or rather, I can, it just hurts so much and I cough up more blood, so I consider myself having no ability to speak. It also tied me up with spaghetti and slammed me to the ground, and when I tried to run away, I got a giant hot dog to the knee. I screamed in agony, and I couldn't move. It made me a bed and put me on it. Still, after all this happening to me, I wanted to get the hell out of here. I kept practicing my escape plan, but this time I practiced swimming in a water-filled ditch, since I knew that if I wanted to escape, I had to escape into the Atlantic Ocean. There's a big path with a giant hole in it, and the ditch is at the end of it next to a broken bridge. Since I can't run, I just hop on one leg. After a while I mastered this, but I had to make the jump. Once, I actually missed the jump since my good knee collapsed, and I fell into the hole. The FLDSMDFR took notice, but didn't care until I coughed up more blood. It sternly warned me not to escape again, but I still practice. Speaking of which, the FLDSMDFR was going to make it rain more food, so I decided to practice, but got startled when I saw my friends and family running to me. They all jumped the hole with ease. \"Flint!\" Dad screamed when he saw me. I put my finger to my lips, signalling him to hush. I pulled a lose hot dog out of the pile of food (I call it the Food Wall) and climbed into a space. My friends and family went inside, while I hid in the food. This was something I've also been practicing, but the FLDSMDFR caught up with my plan, since it knows me too well. Sure enough, it was searching for me. I leveled my breathing and steadied my heartrate with effort until the FLDSMDFR had gone. I stepped out when I was sure it was gone, and so did my friends. \"C'mon, Flint!\" Earl exclaimed. \"You still have to tell us what's going on!\" I glared at him. I can't tell you anything, I thought hopelessly. I gestured with my hands what was going on with me. I pointed to my open mouth, then grasped my neck. They all looked at me confused, but Manny seemed to know what I was saying. \"You can't speak, right?\" He asked. I nodded, then pointed to my knee. After Manny figured out what I was saying, I picked up the hot dog, pointed to the sky, then moved the hot dog in a harsh way. \"Your invention is force-feeding you?\" Manny asked. \"Harshly,\" I rasped quickly. I then scraped ketchup off of the hot dog and made a fake coughing noise, and held up my hands. Manny's eyes went wide with terror. \"And it causing you to cough up blood?!\" He exclaimed. I nodded, and he got dead serious. \"We need to take him to a hospital, now .\" I hopped with them on one knee, and cleared the hole. I skidded to a halt on the side of the water-filled ditch. \"What do we do!?\" Sam asked, glancing at me. I took a deep breath and plunged myself into the water.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Critical Thinking [Sam's POV] Flint had the right idea. Manny handed us helmets and we dived in with him. Flint looked around, then saw a door with 78% of its screws out. Flint took out a large toothpick and unscrewed just enough screws for us to get through the door. Once we did, it was pitch black. Flint shook a flashlight and led the way. \"Did you practice all this, Flint?\" I asked, wondering if he did. I remembered he couldn't speak. He stopped swimming and gave me a thumbs up, which was a yes. I noticed something wasn't right as we went on, then realized the water was being drained. We stood up, since the water was up to our waists now. Flint coughed; I then noticed he coughed up blood. Manny took off his helmet and said, \"If he keeps coughing up that much blood, he'll become dangerously anemic before we can take him to a hospital!\" I gasped, then walked into a tank of water. We appeared to be walking in a marine tank. A woman ran to us and said, \"I'm sorry, you can't swim here.\" Tim didn't care. \"Can you take my son to a hospital, please?! He's coughing up blood!\" The woman frowned. \"I can call 911, but it won't do anything, since emergency crews can't get this far.\" Another woman came up, overhearing the situation. \"They can, however, take a boat to Swallow Falls. They can seek medical attention there!\" That was music to my ears. \"When's the next boat coming?\" The second woman took out her phone. \"4 hours from now.\" \"4 HOURS!?\" I exclaimed. \"Flint doesn't have 4 hours!\" The first woman looked at her clipboard. \"Maybe he can write down what happened on here,\" She said, giving the clipboard to Flint. He look the pen and wrote 1.5 pages of writing down on that paper. The first woman took the paper and read it aloud. \"'My invention, the' FL- FLA- FLU-... wha...? '-is trying to kill me. It force-fed me very harshly when it caught me escaping, and damaged my knee and my throat. I have been coughing up blood since then. The' FLIMIDI- whatever- 'put a tracking device on my arm-'\" She got caught off as she observed Flint ripping off a watch-like item off of his wrist, and then a button-like thing from the inside of his wrist. I cringed; this would make him more anemic than ever! The woman continued reading, \"'If what you are saying is true, we're going to swim to Swallow Falls and get help there. I can smell the Atlantic Ocean from here, so all we need to do is either get someone's attention or get to the docks and go to Swallow Falls' hospital.'\" The second woman nodded, eyes wide. \"I'm going to make sure this man gets to a hospital,\" She said as she slipped on an eletric blue helmet similar to ours. \"Me too,\" The other woman agreed, putting on her neon pink helmet. She picked up a sky blue helmet for Flint, but he shook his head. The woman handed the helmet to Manny, who put it in his bag. The two women dived into the water, and we all went into the Atlantic Ocean.[Chapter 3] A/N: I realized earlier today (5/2/18) that I could've worked on this fanfic while I was home at school, but yesterday I was really sick, but here it is anyways :T Sorry that this chapter is short, I still don't feel too well... NOTE: Part of this chapter is in the FLDSMDFR's POV. ANOTHER NOTE: Yes, tsunamis occur in the Atlantic Ocean, but not as much as in the Pacific Ocean. Chapter 3 [FLDSMDFR's POV] - Oh no! After I finished making the food, I went down to check on my creator, since I'd been worrying about him. I checked the bed where he was supposed to be, but he wasn't there. I noticed a trail of blood going into a water-filled ditch, and in that ditch was blood floating in the water. I scooped some of the blood on my leg and checked it. Sure enough, it was my inventor's blood. I glanced into the water, letting these \"emotions\" sink in, but only one thought struck at me. There was only a certain amount of time a human can be underwater. Meanwhile... [In Tim's POV] We had gone into the Atlantic Ocean. Flint still refused to wear a helmet, and he was coughing up more blood, and I saw the color gradually fading from his eyes. \"Flint-\" I started, but got caught off by everyone looking behind me. I turned around and saw a black dot rise into the sky. It seemingly turned to us, and gradually got bigger. Flint's blue-gray eyes went wide and he started swimming away, but got submerged under what barely was a tsunami. \"FLINT!\" I screamed, seeing my son's head pop up one minute later, his mouth covered in a stream of red. He coughed and looked up at me, his eyes almost completely gray. I started crying seeing him like this, and took my helmet off and put it on his head, and buckled it tight. Flint clutched the helmet, trying to take it off, but froze when he heard a tsunami siren in the distance. We turned around and saw a massive wave coming towards us. I took a deep breath at the last second and clutched Flint as we got submerged under the wave.[Chapter 4] A/N: Sorry these two chapters were short, but I was recovering from the flu (supposedly) and I have my SOL's/Finals NEXT WEEK. [Sam's POV] We somehow survived the wave. We swam and swam, and ran into a thunderstorm before getting to Swallow Falls. I glanced to my left and noticed that Tim wasn't there. We was way behind us, shaking Flint, who was still alive, but not looking too good. I was about to swim back, when a police officer asked, \"What are y'all doing in the ocean?\" Earl answered, \"Flint has been missing for a while, as you know, and we went out to find him, but when we did, we figured out he was anemic.\" As he spoke, Flint and Tim came up. The police officer looked doubtful until Tim looked up. The two women who were helping us tried to hold Flint's head above the water, since his helmet fell off in the wave. The officer ran off, but not before telling us, \"Swim to the docks. I'll get Swallow Falls' Main Hospital to get there as soon as possible.\" I nodded, trying to help my boyfriend to the docks. He let out a sound in-between a disgusted snort and a pleased whimper. He then coughed a bit of blood, but the women eventually helped us get him to the docks. Flint heaved himself up onto the docks, and five seconds later, nearly the whole island was near the docks. The doctors put Flint on a stretcher and brought him to the ER. 4 hours later... I sat next to Flint while Tim held his hand. He was conscious, but still anemic. He had an IV in one arm, and blood going in the other. Everyone else was standing near the room's entrance, even Steve, who was watching Flint, eyes wide. The two women were smiling, watching him. Eventually, Flint spoke. His voice was still raspy, but at least he was able to speak. \"I have to thank all of you, for bringing me here,\" He said, glancing at the women. \"But what are your names?\" \"I'm Alice,\" The first woman said, then pointed to the other woman, who was starting to snooze. \"This is Betty. We're sisters.\" \"Huh!?\" Betty woke up, and glanced at Flint worriedly. \"Betty, Alice, thank you,\" Flint said, smiling. \"Oh, you're welcome,\" Betty said, exhaling in relief. There was silence, before Alice asked, \"So what is your invention anyways?\" Flint opened his mouth to speak, but got interrupted by Betty. \"Is it a black and red tin-can-like object?\" \"Erm... yeah, why are you asking?\" Flint said/asked awkwardly. \"An-\" CRASH! We all whipped around to the sound of a crash, and Flint sat up. His eyes widened when he saw who- or what - was in the ER's waiting room, next to a shattered window it broke. It was the FLDSMDFR.[Chapter 5] [Sam's POV] One of the first things you learn about the FLDSMDFR is that it's very protective of its inventor. Once it laid its... erm... eye?- on Flint, it started charging to him, but some ER doctors held it back. But here's the cheese: it let out a whining noise while they did so, followed by a whimper. It tried shooting food at the doctors, but they dodged. Flint was hysterical. He was screaming, and his heartrate went from 89 bpm to 104 bpm. The doctors gave him sedatives to calm him down. [2 hours la ter...(FLDSMDFR's POV)] I sat on one of those waiting room chairs, very pissed off. I just wanted to see my inventor , since I was worried about him. I whimpered once more, then noticed most of the doctors were off-shift, so I sneaked to my inventor. I eventually found him; everyone else in the room was asleep. Oh, my inventor looked disturbing! He had that red stuff going into one of his arms, with a yellow-ish liquid in his other. I whimpered, seeing him like this, then landed on his stomach gently. His blue eyes, now more blue than gray, fluttered open. I beeped cheerfully, seeing him alive. My inventor smiled through a mask on his face, but I was taken away from him yet again, and tied to a chair. \"You'll see your inventor soon,\" A nurse smiled at me. I hissed in return. I will get to my inventor, no matter what. [... (Tim's POV)] \"Ew,\" Flint growled as a nurse gave him some oatmeal. She secretly sneaked medicine into it. After they finished feeding him, he coughed. I chuckled, enraging him. \"DAD IT'S NOT FUNNY!\" He screamed. \"IT'S NOT FUCKING FUNNY!\" Flint only curses if he's very angry. I chuckled once more as he coughed. His blue eyes glared at me, and he tugged on the restraints. \"IT'S! NOT! FUNNY ! The nurse eventually gave him a tranquilizer. He fell asleep, eventually. Me and Sam rested near him. She sighed. \"I want him to have my babies...\" \"WHAT!?\" Flint woke up, and whipped his head around to his girlfriend. Her face turned red, causing Flint to smile in return. \"I have to marry you first,\" He glanced at her. \"Y-you would...?\" Sam responded. Flint smiled. \"Will you marry me?\" Sam stared into his eyes. \"Yes,\" She responded. The two stared into each others' eyes, and all was quiet until a shriek sounded. Flint's invention squealed. It slammed itself onto Flint. \"No wonder you wanted to leave so badly!\" It joked. \"You wanted to fuck a woman! Why didn't you tell me? I could've helped you!\" Flint scowled. \"FLDSMDFR, stop! Leave m-me alone!\" It shifted, trying to move closer to Flint, but it slipped on its side and rolled off the bed, screaming, \"OOF!\" Flint burst into laughter. His invention got off the floor and slapped him with a slice of pizza. Brent gasped and took it off of Flint. \"Sweet! Free food!\" \"If you make it produce too much food, it'd feed you too much, and you'll eventually explode!\" Flint joked. Brent stopped, his mouth open and the pizza a few inches away from his face. He smirked all of a sudden. Me and Flint turned around and saw his invention rolling around in the blankets, beeping and chirping happily. Flint wrapped it in a blanket and stuffed it under the bed. It charged out from under the bed, giving Flint a MI. After hours of playing and goofing off, it eventually turned to 10:00pm, and we all fell asleep. I glanced at Flint, who had his invention in his arms. As long as my son is happy, I'm happy. I fell asleep, contented for the first time in eternity.[Chapter 6] A/N: [I know I'm not supposed to do this, but the document for the recent chapter is gone, so I'm making a different document] This story and my account will be on hiatus temporarily, since I haven't updated in a while. In the meantime, I have a Wattpad and I'll work on mainly Danganronpa [V3] fanfics there.[Chapter 7] A/N: After a googol years and a few sacrifices to Naegi and Enoshima later (especially Enoshima my god-), I decided to rewrite this chapter. I was very pissed off with the ending, since it was rushed, so here's a rewrite. This ending is a lot more darker, fyi. Oh yea, and don't expect more CWACOM fanfics out of me. [Sam's POV] One of the first things you learn about the FLDSMDFR is that it's very protective of its inventor. Once it laid its... erm... eye?- on Flint, it started charging to him, but some ER doctors held it back. But here's the cheese: it let out a whining noise while they did so, followed by a whimper. It tried shooting food at the doctors, but they dodged. Flint was hysterical. He was screaming, and his heartrate went from 89 bpm to 104 bpm. The doctors gave him sedatives to calm him down. There was something... wrong. But something had egged at me; what if his invention had a bond to Flint? [2 hours la ter...(FLDSMDFR's POV)] I sat on one of those waiting room chairs, very pissed off. I just wanted to see my inventor , since I was worried about him. I whimpered once more, then noticed most of the doctors were off-shift, so I sneaked to my inventor. I eventually found him; everyone else in the room was asleep. Oh, my inventor looked disturbing! He had that red stuff going into one of his arms, with a yellow-ish liquid in his other. I whimpered, seeing him like this, then landed on his stomach gently. His blue eyes, now more blue than gray, fluttered open. I beeped cheerfully, seeing him alive. My inventor smiled through a mask on his face, but I was taken away from him yet again, and tied to a chair. \"You'll see your inventor soon,\" A nurse smiled at me. I hissed in return. I will get to my inventor, no matter what. [... (Tim's POV)] \"Ew,\" Flint growled as a nurse gave him some oatmeal. She secretly sneaked medicine into it. After they finished feeding him, he coughed. I chuckled, enraging him. \"DAD IT'S NOT FUNNY!\" He screamed. \"IT'S NOT FLUCKING FUNNY!\" Flint only curses if he's very angry. I chuckled once more as he coughed. His blue eyes glared at me, and he tugged on the restraints. \"IT'S! NOT! FUNNY ! The nurse eventually gave him a tranquilizer. He fell asleep after a while. I just watched him. It seemed wrong for his own invention to torture him. I didn't care if it had a passion for him; even if it redeemed, this could happen again. I decided to take matters into my own hands. I found a chair, then found the chair the machine was on. I took it behind the hospital. \"Wh- What are you going to do to me?\" It demanded, struggling. \"I'll end this once and for all,\" I said, lifting the chair. \"W-WAIT! I'LL CHANGE! I PROMISE! I WON'T HURT INVENTOR AGAIN! DON'T DO THIS! YOU CA-\" I hit the machine with everything I had, ignoring its cries, until it went silent. The now orange-and-white machine was broken, no electricity in sight. I picked it up, \"Sorry, but it's for my son's safety, and everyone else's,\" and threw it into the dumpster. \"Now my son is safe.\" A/N: Well I hope that was better. Imo, it seems better. Now the ending of this fic can stop eating my brain alive. *falls back into the Danganronpa dumpster* ","Summary":" A/N: Yet ANOTHER CWACOM fanfic… This one is based off of a really badass dream I had last night .3."},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Another Day After Tomorrow","Author":"kir-girl24","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11573675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] YEAH! My first DAT fanfic. I hope you like it. I've pretty much got the whole thing written in my head. I worked really hard to keep it in time with the movie, though I might have messed up once or twice. Just keep in mind I worked SUPER hard to keep it in time with the movie. So really you could watch the movie and see where the things overlap. DISCLAMER: I don't own DAT. I don't own Sam, the plane, the birds or anything that happens in here that happens in the movie. Preface I groaned as I saw the little pink plus sign. Why hadn't I used protection? Why hadn't I just said no? Why had I stopped taking my birth control? What was his name again? What had I drank that night to make me forget? How much had I drunk to be that drunk? No answer to these questions would satisfy the feeling of dread that was encircling me. I was pregnant with a strangers child. Stupid one night stands. I thought. So I was pregnant. I didn't really know the father was. All I had was a blurry selfie, a phone number that went straight to the genaric voicemail and a fedus inside me half mine half his. One thing I did know. He lived in New York City. I pulled out my phone and checked my scedual I'd have to get some things in order it'd be about a month or so before I could leave but... I had too. I had to go to New York City; Manhattan to be exact.[Chapter 2] Let me know what you think. Reviews are encouraged. ;) DISCLAMER: I don't own DAT. I don't own Sam, the plane, the birds or anything that happens in here that happens in the movie. Chapter 1- The Plane Ride I listened to the purr of the engine as I layed my head back on the back of my seat on the plane heading to New York. As I listened to the engine my thoughts wondered back to my goodbye's. \"Please Lil. I don't think you should go.\" my sister said for the umpteenth time. \"I have to go Grace. I've told you.\" \"I know... you have to find your one-night-stand from our trip to New York City. But I have a really, REALLY bad feeling about you leaving.\" Grace pulled me into a tight hug. I hugged her until she loosened. I knew how she was about her \"feelings\" but even though she was right most of the time I had to go. \"Listen Grace. Don't worry about me. I'll be there and back before you can say NYC.\" I gave her a kiss on the cheek and I could have sworn I heard her mutter \"NYC\" before I turned and boarded the plane. I heard the P.A. ding and I looked up to see the 'Fasten Seat Belt' thing has become illuminated. I took a deep breath as the plane began to vibrate. Damn Turbulence. I thought. \"You know statistically... the chance of a plane going down because of turbulence is less than, what one in a billion?\" a dark skinned guy said from directly behind me, \"Or is it a million? I can't remember if it's-\" \"Shut up Brian.\" The girl next to him snapped. \"Listen Sam. Don't pay attention to him okay? Everything's fine. They're still serving drinks.\" As if it was a sign a flight attendant walked down the isle to the girls serving drinks and whispered something to them. She then walked back down the isle and attempted to \"close the curtains\" But only managed to close one side and move the other side's closed curtain to the middle. The plane moved and I felt the nosia come back, Stupid Turbulence I thought again Stupid Pregnancy . The P.A. dinged again, \"Folks, it appears we're gonna have a little bit of a bumpy ride here for the next few minutes. We'd ask that you please fasten your seat belts and put you tray tables and seat backs in their upright positions until we get through this. Thank You.\" I took a deep breath to calm the nosia. Don't Throw Up. I chanted in my head. Don't Throw Up. Don't Throw Up. Don't Throw Up. Then something happened, it felt like the plane was falling out of the sky. Sam, in the row behind me said \"Whoa!\" and the serving cart with the drinks and snacks rolled down the aisle almost crashing into the flight attendant behind the semi curtains. Don't Throw Up. Don't Throw Up. Don't Throw Up. I chanted as the plane vibrated fiercely. The engine wined as some people shouted and a couple of people, including Sam, hyperventilated. As the plane bounced up and down luggage started to fall from the racks above. Thankfully nothing fell on me because I was under the racks but bags did fall onto the seats to my left. Slowly the engine slowed and I took some steadying breaths. I patted my stomach, begging it to calm down. Apparently the guy Sam, had grabbed the hand of the girl next to him because she asked if she could have it back. Three oxygen bags were deployed above the aisle seat. But I wasn't concerned with what was going on around me, so much as what was happening to me. I took some more deep breaths counting to ten but still my stomach wouldn't settle. After a few minutes I asked one of the flight attendance about some ginger ale and a throw-up bag. Not five seconds after she gave me the bag I vomited into it. People around me groaned in disgust but I ignored them. I couldn't help it. It was really cloudy when the plane landed at J.F.K International Airport. I only had some things in a duffel bag and my carry on backpack with some things to keep me entertained on the plane. It also carried my passport, a copy of my birth certificate, a copy of my social security card and some other things that I might possibly need to track this guy down. And in a folder of documents were the pictures taken at my first ultra sound. There was a child growing inside me but you couldn't tell. Hey, I'm not even twelve weeks. I'm only six and a half weeks along. After I got my duffel bag, I decided to call Grace before I left the airport. So I dialed her number and put the receiver on my shoulder as I shifted my weight. Finally she answered, \"Hello?\" \"Hey Gracie. It's me.\" \"Oh God Lillian!\" Grace said exasperated, \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine Gracie, really.\" \"Listen. I know you want to find your baby-daddy but I'd feel much better if you'd head down to Uncle John and Aunt Carrie's in Chattanooga.\" I rolled my eyes, \"Please. I'll be fine.\" \"No really Lil.\" Grace's voice got more panicky than I'd ever heard it; \"Remember my friend from my trip to India?\" I rolled my eyes again. After graduation Grace met a boy who took her to India. He was looking to get some, why he had to spend so much money on getting into my sister's pants was beyond me. But instead she spent tones of time meeting people, tasting food and she even wrote a well-respected paper on India's culture, \"Yea.\" \"Well she can see the future. She called me from a holding cell. She said everyone in the north needs to head south. And she said I needed to leave Cali today. So I packed some stuff and I'm taking a bus with lots of my friends and we're going to Mexico.\" I groaned. \"Gracie don't you think your being paranoid?\" \"Better safe than sorry Lil.\" I shrugged, \"Well I'll be home on Wednesday. And if things go good I'll be home on Monday.\" \"No Lillian. You need to leave NOW!\" Grace said exasperatedly. \"I love you. Call you tomorrow.\" I said groaning. I was anxious to get off the phone so my sister would stop telling me what I should do. \"I love you too. But Lil….\" I hung up and made my way out of the airport. I haled a cab and it took me to the Andaz 5th Avenue Hotel. I checked in, ordered a seizer salad with a bowl of fruit with a ginger ale from room service then I went to sit by the window. As I opened the window I heard some weird squawking sound and the sound of a dog barking in the distance. I looked up and saw, next to the dark clouds promising rain, hundreds if not thousands of birds squawking and chirping as they flew south. I wondered what would make them act so strange. It's not like we were getting a blizzard. I watched until the sky only had a few birds bringing up the rear. I heard a knocking on my door which was room-service. And I spent my evening watching 'Maury' on 'On Demand' until I got tired and fell asleep early around seven thirty or eight pm.[Chapter 3] Sorry for taking so long to update. Chapter 2- Not Los Angeles I woke up to the sound of heavy rain. I groaned and sat up rubbing my eyes. Today was gonna be a bitch. I wouldn't be able to use a cab to go everywhere so I'd have to walk in this pouring rain. I got out of bed and took a warm shower. I thought about Gracie. Her bead feeling before I got on the plane. The REALLY bad turbulence. And her friends warning to head south. Now that I was thinking about it I started to feel sick, and a sense of dread was shadowing over me. When I got out of the shower I dressed in long blue jeans, a deep red long sleeve shirt and my favorite jacket. Then grabbed my backpack and left the hotel. The rain was even worse than I'd imagined you could be soaked in five minutes of walking in it. And there was almost no hope of catching a cab. I stuffed my long brown hair into the hood of my jacket and walked down the block till I took shelter in the Zibetto Espresso Bar It was decently packed with people trying to stay out of the rain. I made my way to the bar where a nice man gave me his seat. \"Can I have a coke please?\" I called to the bartender. \"To early to have a drink?\" the man sitting next to me asked. I lowered my hood and shook out my wet hair. It was even more wet than when I'd gotten out of the shower. \"No.\" I said running my fingers threw my hair, \"I'm not drinking alcohol. For another seven and a half months at least.\" The man nodded knowingly, \"Congratulations.\" He said lifting his glass to toast me. The bartender set my coke in front of me, \"Thanks\" \"Out of all the bars in New York City, she walks into mine.\" A guy said sliding up next to me. Oh Great. I thought A Romeo. \"How's it goin' good lookin'?\" He asked. I looked over at him. He had shoulder length hair, chizzled facial features with facial hair lining his jaw. \"Fine.\" \"Yes you are.\" He said smiling. I rolled my eyes. \"Where are you from?\" He asked winking at me. \"Los Angeles.\" I said taking a drink. \"If you're from L.A.\" The girl on my other side said, \"You've gotta see this.\" I turned and she pointed at the TV in the corner. It was Fox 11 news. \"Breaking News. As we prepare live to Los Angeles. Mixed reports that they've seen some extreme weather occurring in the area.\" The white haired anchor news caster put his hand to his earpiece, \"Okay, we're now going live to our Fox affiliate in Los Angeles.\" The screen switched to a camera in a helicopter. \"We have live coverage now from our Fox 11 Chopper. Are you there Bart?\" The clouds were darker than I'd ever seen the clouds in Los Angeles \"Uh, Yes, I'm here.\" Bart said \"These tornadoes are forming so fast- What?\" The piolet had pointed out at something. \"Oh! Oh My God! Lisa a-are you getting this on camera this tornado just came and erased the Hollywood sign.\" I watched as a tornado shredded the Hollywood sign I loved that sign. \"is gone. It's just shredded.\" We all watched in silence. After the demolishment of the Hollywood sign everyone's eyes were on the TV. Bart was silent with awe as the camera showed the destruction. \"Bart, what can you see? Is anyone hurt?\" Lisa's voice said. I wouldn't be surprised there is so much damage down there.\" Bart said. No Shit Captain Obvious! I shouted in my head \"And there are people down there, taking pictures!\" I watched the screen as a guy in a light brown jacket and a blue shirt shooed a couple of what looked like pollination or Mexican men who were either taking photos or videos. \"Thank You Bart. Now we go to our weather reporter, Tommy?\" The male anchor man said. The camera switched again. This time it was in a moving van pointed at Tommy and behind him, Los Angeles International Airport. \"What you're seeing are two actual tornadoes striking Los Angeles International Airport. Wait. Wait. It looks like they've joined and formed one large tornado.\" Tommy said looking from the camera to the road to the airport and back. \"Tommy\" The camera man yelled. \"Oh, my God\" Tommy exclaimed as he swerved to the left The same anchor man came back on. \"We urge all of our viewers to stay away from the area…. Well out of downtown.\" \"Bart?\" Lisa's voice said again as the screen grabbed the camera in the helicopter. \"Yes!\" Bart said as I watched a big tornado tear apart the 'Capital Recovery' building, \"We're showing you the corner of Yucca and Vine right now this tornado is just shredding buildings.\" I watched the building for a moment before they showed the street. And I watched as a bus fell on a car that was backing up. \"That bus just got dropped on top of that Porche! Oh, my god. I hope no one was in that car.\" Bart said. I closed my eyes and hung my head. Poor Person. Lisa came on, \"And for our national audience just joined us now we are going live to downtown L.A. Right now. Tommy?\" The camera changed to Tommy again as I looked up \"If you look over there behind me, that's a tornado. Yes! A twister in L.A. It's one of many tornadoes that are destroying our city. There's another one! That's the L.A. skyline, it's unbelievable! It's huge! I've never seen anything like that!\" He was moving so you could see the twister behind him and to his left. \"It-It-It looks like some sort of huge horrific, terrifying nightmare, only this is the real thing!\" Then we saw what Tommy didn't. Some girls screamed while we saw the camera man point and just as Tommy turned he was hit an carried off by a provocative billboard. I didn't listen but watched as a giant tornado tour threw the skyline. \"And for our national audience just joining us now we are going live to downtown L.A. right now. Tommy?\" Lisa said as the camera in the helicopter circled the scene. \"Hey!\" Someone down the bar shouted a few seconds later the channel changed. \"The F.A.A has grounded all air traffic in the U.S unfortunately the order came too late for two planes that were brought down by severe turbulence in the Midwest.\" A woman said. \"Holy Shit.\" The guy said. He'd all but forgotten that he was supposed to be hitting on me. I stood up and leaner over the bar, \"Do you have a phone I can use?\" \"Here.\" The girl next to me said. She slid me her cell phone. I picked it up, dialed Grace's number and waited. \"Hello?\" \"Oh God Gracie!\" I said. There was more panic in my voice than I meant to have. \"I just saw the news on my phone.\" She said calmly. \"Oh Gracie!\" I felt tears forming, \"You were right I never should have come to New York. I should be in Mexico City with you.\" \"I know Lil. There's still time. You can't fly but drive, take a train, anyway to go south.\" I nodded whipping my eyes. \"I'm sorry Gracie.\" \"I know.\" Her voice got serious. \"Listen get out of New York or do your best to stay alive. I promise you Lillian. I will see you again.\" I nodded whipping my tears again. \"I love you Gracie.\" \"I love you too Little Sister.\" The line went dead. I handed the cell phone back. \"Gracie? Your little sister?\" the girl asked slipping her phone back into her pocket. \"No.\" I said taking another drink, \"My big sister.\" \"She's in Mexico?\" I nodded \"Are you ok?\" I shook my head and broke down in tears. Has to be the hormones. She put her arm around me, \"What is it?\" \"My sister has this sixth sense. She had a bad feeling about me flying to New York and the plane almost went down.\" I was almost incoherent, \"Her friend told her to get out of L.A. yesterday, she did, then this happened.\" I said motioning toward the T.V She stroked my hair and hugged me close, \"It'll be alright.\" She said. After a few minutes I pulled away. I took a few steadying breaths. \"Thanks.\" I said. \"I'm going back to my hotel now.\" \"Would you like me to come with you?\" she asked. I looked at her, really good for the first time. She was medium height maybe five foot six, in her early to mid-twenties with dark skin and long black hair. I could see that she was trust worthy, \"Yes. Thank you.\" I drained my coke and left a five next to it. We were getting ready to leave when a guy walked past. I accidently dropped my backpack. The man grabbed it and took off for the door. \"Stop that guy! He has my backpack!\" I shouted. If he got away, my life would be over. After he's cleared the threshold, when I thought all hope was lost, he was tackled to the ground. The guy who tackled the thief grabbed my bag away from him then punched him in the face. The thief took off running and they guy got up and walked into the bar and towards me. \"Here you are.\" He said handing me my backpack. \"Thank you!\" I said smiling at him. He was very handsome with thick black hair sticking to his face by rain. His face could have been sculpted by the gods with sapphire blue eyes. Not only his face but his body too. He was talk with tan skin and was very muscular. His shirt, under his jacket, was soaked threw and sticking to his VERY muscular chest. \"Are you alright? He didn't hurt you did he?\" he asked I shook my head. \"No. Just bumped into me.\" I swept a lock of my hair behind my ear. \"Maybe you should walk us to the hotel.\" The girl said winking at me. \"I can do that.\" He said smiling at me. He offered his hand to me, \"My name's Cameron.\" \"Lillian.\" I shook his hand. \"And my name's Carmen.\" The dark skinned girl said. Leave me a review.[Chapter 4] Sorry it's been so long. I'm going to work hard to get the this story finished ASAP so I can stop having an anxiety attack over it. :) Chapter 3: Drama I stuffed my hair back into my hood as Cameron held the door open for me, \"Thank you.\" He nodded and closed the door after Carmen. I shielded my face from the rain and lead the way down the street to my hotel. When we entered the lobby we saw a brief glimpse of a chopper circling the L.A. damage again. We got in the elevator and rode it to the sixth floor, where my room was. \"Nice set up.\" Carmen said running her fingers along the wall. \"Yea. Well, thank god for my trust fund.\" I said stopping at room eight. I took out my key card and tried with shaky hands to open the door. \"Here.\" Cameron said taking the key card form me, \"\"Let me….\" He opened the door and held it open for me and Carmen again. I could have sworn I heard Carmon whisper \"A gentleman. Nice.\" I went straight to the bed and sat down taking some deep breaths. \"Are you ok Lillian?\" Cameron asked kneeling in front of me. I nodded, \"I'm fine.\" \"Oh Come on.\" I heard Carmen say as she sat behind me and started to rub circled on my back, \"You just saw your hometown destroyed by tornado's. You are not fine you're shaken up.\" I nodded, she was right I was shaken. And I had watched my hometown be destroyed. And I had no power to stop it. \"You need sleep.\" Carmen said, \"And maybe some chocolate.\" I chuckled, \"Chocolate would be good.\" Ian stood, \"I can go get some if you want.\" Carmen said \"Great\" at the same time I said \"You don't have to do that.\" The looked at me. \"You save my bag, walk me back to my hotel room, you've done enough for me.\" Carmen coughed softly and Cameron smiled, \"I want to.\" He walked to the door and turned, \"Do you have any allergies or a preference I should be aware of?\" I shook my head but Carmen spoke up, \"Dove is rich and delicious, get her some dove.\" He nodded and left. Carmen rounded on me, \"Girl! Why are you not jumping on that man? He's Hot! And he likes you.\" I cocked my head, \"You didn't hear in the bar?\" She shook her head, I took a deep breath \"I'm pregnant.\" She blinked, \"Boyfriend?\" I looked down at my hands, ashamed, \"One night stand.\" Carmen moved so she was sitting next to me with her arm around my shoulder. \"It's ok. I'm the product of a one night stand.\" I looked at her, \"Really?\" She nodded, \"My mom was on vacation with a friend in New York when she met a nice man. They had sex then she came back when I was three cause she needed help and found out he'd lost his job. He's homeless now. He's got a dog. I came here to meet him cause my mom passed away two months ago.\" I hugged her. \"I'm sorry.\" She hugged me back. \"Give him a chance. Maybe he'd be cool with it.\" I shrugged, \"Maybe\" She got off the bed, \"Here lay down and rest till he gets back. Then you can flirt with him.\" I chuckled and shut my eyes. I heard a knock on the door. I didn't open my eyes but listened. \"Hey.\" Carmon said softly, \"She's asleep.\" \"Oh\" I heard Cameron say, \"I'll leave this here for her. And I'll leave my business card here for her.\" \"Thanks. You know…. I think she's interested. Maybe you can come by tomorrow and surprise her.\" A pause, \"I think I will.\" He chuckled I heard the door close. I smiled, I'd see him tomorrow. It was the rain and the churning of my stomach that woke me. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. \"Good morning.\" A voice said. I looked over and saw Carmen reading a paper and drinking Starbucks with a towel on her head. I chuckled, \"Didn't rob me while I was sleeping did you?\" She closed the paper, \"No. I mostly watched the news yesterday and I got us breakfast and you a hot chocolate. I didn't know if you drink coffee.\" I shook my head. \"I don't. But thank you.\" Carmen stood and chook the towel threw her hair. \"It's raining like crazy. And there's tones of crap happening all over the world.\" \"We need to get out of New York.\" I said sitting in the chair opposite her. \"I'll call the….\" \"Sorry Hun.\" Carmen said straitening up, \"Can't fly. And by the way it's still raining the train will be out of order by the end of today.\" I sighed, \"SO driving?\" Carmen shrugged, \"I wouldn't drive in this. The news already said there's at least one hundred and fifty car accidents across Manhattan.\" I groaned, \"So survival.\" Carmen walked towards the door and grabbed her jacket that was drenched, \"I'm going to go get some canned goods.\" She motioned towards the Dunkin' Donuts box on the table, \"I got donuts and some muffins. You should eat something.\" Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Carmen answered it. \"I have a delivery for 'Lillian in room eight, sixth floor.\" The guy at the door said. I walked over to the door, \"Flowers?\" At the door was a man with a bouquet of roses. At least a dozen. \"And a basket of sweets.\" He said lifting a basket full of fruits, chocolate and a light brown teddy bear. \"They've gotta be from Cameron.\" Carmen said taking the basket from the guy. I thanked him, signed for them, and then took the flowers to the table. \"I'll be back.\" Carmen said and left. I smelled the roses. The smelled wonderful. A colorful piece of paper drew my attention. Lillian, Couldn't stop thinking about you so I Had to get you something. Flowers themselves Wouldn't do and chocolates is so chiche. So I got you both. With love, Cameron I chuckled as I set it down. The phone went off and I ran to answer it. \"Hello?\" \"So I didn't imagine that beautiful voice.\" A man said. I smiled and shook my head, \"Who is this?\" \"Awwww!\" he groaned, \"She forgot about me.\" I chuckled, \"Cameron?\" \"Few!\" he sighed, \"She remembers.\" I laughed, \"I just got your gifts. Very thoughtful. Thank you.\" \"Your very welcome. I'm just glad they delivered it today with all this rain.\" I nodded laying on the bed; I felt like a teenager. \"For sure. It's crazy. Carmen went to get some canned food she thinks this is gonna get bad.\" He didn't respond immediately, \"Well maybe I'll bring some too. If it's ok if I come over.\" \"Of course!\" I said, \"Of course you should come. I blurted. I felt the heat rush to my face. \"I mean….That's be nice…. I mean it'd be nice to see you.\" \"Great he said sounding pleased, \"I've got some things to do but I'll see you as soon as I can okay?\" I bit my lip. \"Okay\" he was so sweet. He really must like me. But… He didn't know. \"Maybe I'll bring one of my friends for Carmen.\" He said, I could hear the smirk. I laughed, \"Sure. Don't want her to feel like a third wheel do we?\" He laughed too, \"Nope.\" It was silent for a moment. \"Well I'll see you.\" \"Okay.\" I thought I sounded like Hazel off 'The Fault In Our Stars' \"Okay.\" He said back, \"Bye.\" \"Bye\" I said hanging up. I laid down on the bed Great I meet a great guy and I'm already pregnant with a strangers baby. \"I'm such a slut.\" I said out loud. Apparently calling myself made the baby angry because next thing I know I'm racing to the bathroom to vomit. After being sick, several times, I took a warm shower and climbed into bed. I internally cursed myself. The only thing I did yesterday was meet Cameron and Carmen and finally understand that I shouldn't have come to New York. I hadn't made one call to finding this sperm donor I pulled the comforter close around me snuggling comfortably into the bed; it was getting kinda cold. Leave me a review.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4: The Wave There was a pounding on the door. I opened my eyes to see Carmen looking out the peep hole. \"Carmen? When did you get back?\" I asked. \"Five or so minutes ago.\" She said turning to talk to me, \"The water was up to my thighs when I got to the lobby.\" \"Water!\" A woman screamed \"Run!\" A man screamed. I got up and looked out the window, there was rain everywhere. I opened the door to the balcony and immediately shut it again. Rain had started threw the door. I groaned and ran for some towels. When I got back I screamed. There barreling down fifth avenue was a wall of water. The building started to shake and I watched as people ran into the library across the street and the couple dozen taxi's in the intersection were swallowed by the water. At first I froze, then I wanted to run. But as the water got more room it went down. It leveled out halfway between the third and fourth floor. \"Oh my god!\" Carmen said at my shoulder. I hadn't even known she'd come over here. \"Oh, my god.\" She said surveying the street again. Suddenly the door opened. A young women carrying a young toddler fell onto the carpet. \"Oh my god!\" Carmen cried. She ran to the women. I was in a complete state of shock. \"Please. Help.\" The woman said in a week voice while the child cried. The sound of a child crying brought me back to my senses. I walked over and picked up the child, the little girl, while Carmen helped the women onto a chair. The little girl in my arm was dressed in a nice blue coat over a pink jacket. Her brown shoulder length hair was in two pony tales. \"Shhhh.\" I said bouncing and rocking her, \"it's ok. Your safe now.\" To my surprise she calmed down. She was still crying but it was small sobbs. \"The baby.\" The woman panted, \"She…. Okay?\" \"Yes.\" I said kissing her little head and holding her close, \"She'll be fine.\" \"Are you okay?\" Carmen asked. The woman looked at Carmen and shook her head, \"I fell…. And…. Cut myself…. Somewhere…. It's getting…. Hard to…. Breath.\" She said. I walked over to her, \"Trade me.\" I said offering the little girl to Carmen. Carmen took her and let me kneel next to the woman. \"Let me take a look.\" I helped her take off her coat and I knew immediately what was wrong. The woman had some cuts on her neck and a giant, RED, stain spreading from her chest to her belly. \"My god.\" Carmen said then turned away. I nodded, \"Let's get you to the bathroom.\" I said. \"No.\" The woman said, \"You should put me outside.\" \"I'm dying. I knew it.\" She said, \"You should…. Just take me to the…. Water…. So I won't be a…. dead body around…. The baby….\" She tried to stand. \"Let me help you.\" I said tucking myself under her arm. I helped her to the hall where she collapsed coughing. I tried to help her up and saw she'd coughed blood onto the carpet. I helped her up and we walked down the hall. \"Thank you.\" She said. \"What happened?\" I asked. \"Had to get out to my cab….\" She said coughing, \"Deep lacerations…. Broken ribs….\" She coughed again. \"You broke the window?\" I guessed. She nodded, \"Found…. Kid…. Lobby…. Parents gone….\" She couldn't even speak in sentences. \"Drowned…. Now.\" \"Don't speak.\" I said. We'd made it to room one but she didn't look like she had any more strength. \"Listen.\" She coughed pointing at room one. I opened it, Room one was empty except for some clothes and blankets scattered. I helped her to the bed and she moved the comforter and laid on the sheets. \"Are you alright?\" I asked. What a stupid question. I thought she's dying. \"Ok\" she said grabbing my hand. \"Kid…. Safe…. You….\" I got that, I nodded, \"I'll keep her safe.\" \"Warm… n-power…. Bedding\" \"No power…. Use bedding to stay warm?\" I asked. She nodded and handed me the comforter. \"Live…. Kid….\" She coughed, \"April.\" \"Her name is April?\" I asked. I felt tear welding up in my eyes. She shook her head and pointing to herself. \"April.\" She coughed, pointing at the wall, \"Cadence.\" \"Her name's Cadence and yours is April?\" I asked as tears fell down my cheeks. She wiped them away and pointed at me. I chuckled, \"I'm Lillian.\" She nodded and closed her eyes. \"Thank…. Lillian.\" I felt her hand go limp. I bowed my head. I went into room two and grabbed the top sheet and draped it April. Then went through the room bringing anything warm to our room. When I entered my room again I saw Carmen, wrapped in a comforter, rocking the little girl and looking outside. \"Carmen?\" I said setting the blankets, clothes and comforters on the bed. \"Come look at this.\" She said softly. First think I saw was that it was snowing but that wasn't what she was talking about. She pointed then moved so I could see. There floating down fifth avenue was a big cargo ship. I watched as it floated down and out of sight. \"Well there's something you don't see every day.\" I muttered standing back and closing the curtains. Leave me a review. ","Summary":" YEAH! My first DAT fanfic. I hope you like it. I've pretty much got the whole thing written in my h"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"The Branch of the Mayre Bird","Author":"ByEmiWithLove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11632583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ten years had passed since that terrible day; ten whole years. He stands at the grave of his best friend whom he lost to a creek ten years ago today. She's not really there- they never found her body. All they found was a broken rope and a bloody piece of fabric caught in a stone. But nevertheless, she was dead. He had hoped upon hope that maybe the police had it wrong; his best friend couldn't possibly be dead! But as the days turned into weeks, and the weeks into months, he knew it had to be true; she was gone. The police said she had drowned, or hit her head on sharp rocks at the bottom of the creek, or perhaps both. To get across the creek, one must descend down a steep rock face and come back up on the other side which is equally as steep. There was a rope that they used to help them as they crossed. For some unknown reason, the rope broke and she fell. The way she died didn't really matter as much as the fact that she was indeed dead. A single tear fell, then another, then a few more. Soon he wept aloud; there was none to hear him but the howling wind from the north and the grasshoppers that danced upon the graves of the long-dead war heroes, brides whose lovers left them desolate at the alter, old men and women, and infants who died in birth. She had been his best friend; his only friend at times. He cried for the memories they didn't have the opportunity to make together. He beat his breast because of the pain her death had caused to so any people. She didn't even realize that she touched so many lives in her ten, short years. So he cried. He cried for her, he cried for her family, and he cried for himself. He missed her so greatly! Only one who has felt the same loss (Or one of equal value) could understand the intensity of his heartache. No one else could fathom it. It had been-how could it be - ten years already! He could remember them playing in the woods behind his house as if it were only yesterday. He remembered how she created a magical, make-believe land across the creek and through his father's field. They called it Terabithia. It was a beautiful, luscious land of mountains, rivers, plains, valleys, and an ocean on the Eastern coast. The creatures were, for lack of a better word (for they were truly indescribable), amazing. There were giant trolls and little dwarfish creatures called Terabithians. Nearly all of the fish were as clear as the water through which they swam, and in the caves in the far west were dragons. No one had seen them and lived to tell the story, but all knew that they existed. The sea was filled with the largest creatures- larger than the largest troll. There weren't any unicorns or mermaids like in the fantasy stories that children read. These creatures were not of the normal fairytale variety. These creatures were created by the mind of a ten-year-old girl named Leslie Burke. Leslie was a talented writer and her best friend, Jesse Aarons, was a budding artist. Together they created the world of Terabithia. Jesse is now grown. He is an art teacher at the school he once attended himself. He strives to help Leslie's legacy live on by teaching children to use their imaginations. Jesse helped raise the funds necessary to build a new art center at the school and named it after Leslie. Today it is the Leslie Burke Center for Visual and Performing Arts. Leslie was a writer. She could dream a story, and then make it come alive in one's mind. She, though she herself would never claim it, was queen of Terabithia, and Jesse was king. After Leslie's death, Jesse left behind his dreams and his wonderful land; it was as dead to him as she was. That is, until his sister, Maybelle, who was seven at the time, found a drawing of Terabithia in one of Jesse's sketch books and asked what it was. She thought it was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. Jesse realized that he could not let Terabithia die simply because her queen had. No one could replace Leslie, but a new ruler was needed. So Jesse built a bridge over the creek so they could both pass safely over it and within a few moths, Terabithia had a princess. Princess Maybelle reigned well in Leslie and Jesse's absence. After high school, Jess relinquished his claim to the throne and gave all to Maybelle; she would rule Terabithia alone. Maybelle grew up to be a kind-hearted girl who is loved by many because of her tenderness and the love she has for all people and things. She is truly a princess. He laid the bouquet of lilies beside the grave and started his truck. Today is the day he finally returns. Today is the day he goes back to the place of his youth; the place where he was most happy. It is finally time for him to come back to the place where his dreams, and nightmares, became a reality. He will return to Terabithia. He arrived at his childhood home at the perfect time: 1:00 P.M. There was no one at home to disturb his mission. His older sisters had grown up and moved away long ago, and there were only two children remaining in the household with his parents; His sister, Maybelle, who is sixteen and his sister, Joyce, who is twelve. Jesse ran with all his might through the field, across the bridge that he had built over the creek. He ran his hands over the ivy-covered railings; he could feel the air of Terabithia begin to envelope him in its nearly magical fragrance. He climbed the ladder to the tree house-no,-castle where he had spent many days drawing, playing, and defeating an unknown dark force. He stepped onto the outside porch, the balcony, and breathed in the air. Something was wrong. The air felt as it had before Leslie died. It felt light and happy; sweet and calm and more at rest than it had in ten years! \"Why does the land smile? Why does the wind laugh? Why don't you mourn your queen, O Terabithia, on this, the tenth year of her departure? Must you mock her memory thus? Would you be so cruel as to forget her?\" He exclaimed. He saw no person, but he knew that they heard, for the wind carried his words from the Eastern Ocean to the western plains to the southern desert to the northern mountains. All of Terabithia heard him, for to them, he was still king. He pushed aside the purple curtains and went inside the palace. It was just as it had always been. There were roughly-carved chairs along with a crude table in the corner; the royal banquet hall. On the walls were pictures; drawings made by Jess and some by Maybelle. Leaves lay on the table beside a few books; some for drawing, and some for writing. Sticks were hanging by hooks on a wall; these were the swords which Jesse, Knight of Locust's Sting and Leslie, Knight of Troll's Foot defeated the darkness and the evil forces that once ran rampant through Terabithia, imprisoning its citizens. The hammock was propped up with sticks on either side and a sleeping girl was lying inside. Jess, with a confused expression on his face, walked up to the girl and knelt down on his knees beside her. He studied her face; she was smiling in her slumber and she looked peaceful and almost like- Oh! His breathe caught in his throat as he realized that the sleeping girl looked almost exactly like Lilly, but older. She had long, blonde hair and she looked to be about twenty years old; the same age as him. It was only then that he had the thought to wake her.[Chapter 2] He gently shook her arm and her bright, blue eyes slowly opened. She yawned softly and sat up. She looked up at him and bit her lip. It was him; he had found her. He quickly stood up and helped her stand up as well. \"Wh-who are you?\" he asked. She didn't answer immediately, but looked down at the wooden floor. She was nervous and didn't know how to tell him what he needed to know. Finally, she spoke. \"I am a wanderer in the land. I have not seen the friends of my youth in these ten years. I did not see the light of day for seven years, for I was imprisoned in the days of my youth and did not taste the sweetness of the pleasures and freedom of youth in those years\" Said as she as she walked to the table and sat in one of the chairs. Jess sat in a chair beside her and pushed the stack of books aside. \"I have finally come from my imprisonment into the land of light, yes; this very land. Those who cared for me during my young and tender years are now gone on to a land beyond this and shall never more return unto me. They have gone away, as I once had, but now I am here and shall never leave again. They, those dear and blessed people, thought me to be in the land of the shadows, but I have never gone there. They are now themselves in that land and now they know that I am not there also. I will tell you the story of my time in the land of darkness, that is, the land of my imprisonment. I will tell it in a story, so please try to understand.\" She took a deep breath, and began her tale. \"There was once a maiden who loved to create. She created many a world in the days of her childhood. In one world was a deep, treacherous ravine that one must cross to arrive at the castle.\" As she spoke, he was transported back to the days of his youth when he and Leslie played in the land of Terabithia. He saw the creatures come to life in his mind through his memories on one such trip, the girl, who was indeed the queen of that land, fell to her alleged death. She did not die, however, and the river carried her to another land which was a far way off. The land had a name; Rishbon. Rishbon is a dark country where nightmares are realities and there is no sun. An old woman found her lying on the rocky riverbed and rescued her. The girl was half dead by the time the old woman saved her, so the old woman took her into her house and nursed her back to health. Once the girl was well again, the woman, whose name was Luciana, told her that to repay her for saving her life, she would have to work for her for seven years.\" She closed her eyes as if reliving the painful memory. \"The land of Rishbon was bound by such a great darkness that the little maid could not escape from the woman and her house. She was forced to work for the woman for the full seven years. The darkness of Rishbon favors no one, however, and at the end of the seven years Luciana could bind the girl no longer. For, you see, the darkness only helps you for awhile. After some time, it will turn around and make you suffer also as the person on which you used the darkness suffered.\" She paused, as if considering this deeply, then continued. \"She ran as far as she could from that evil land, but she could not find the place of her birth. Perhaps the woman was a sorceress and had put a magic in her mind to make her forget of whom she had been born. No one will ever know, for the woman died upon her departure. A soul for a soul it was to her. She had taken her youth, so was taken from her her old age. The maid, by then a young woman, traipsed across the earth for a year before she awoke from her sleep. Her sleep was, of course, the terrible forgetfulness that had mysteriously come upon her. She then went back to the home of her parents. Her father had declined since her supposed death and he was close to his departure.\" A tear found its way down hear pale skin as she struggled to continue her story. \"She found him in his last hour of life and comforted her mother after his departure. He was able to see his only child before he went into the other land and was glad on the day he departed. Her mother departed soon thereafter. After she had had her time of grief, she left the home of her birth and came to the land of her happiness.\" A few moments lapsed before she began to speak again. This was it; this was the moment she would let her identity be known to him. After this, there was no going back. \"This is Terabithia, the land of dreams, the land of happiness, the land of hope and light. This is truly my homeland, the land where I belong. You see, the story was mine. You, my dear friend, are Jess, king of this land. You must, by now, know with whom you are speaking. It is I; Leslie. I have come from the depths of the land of darkness. That land is, in name, Rishbon. You thought me long departed; ten years today. But I am not yet gone on my departure.\" She said with all the feeling she had in her. She had not been able to say a word to him for so many long years. Spoken now, there was no return from this point.[Chapter 3] \"This is Terabithia, the land of dreams, the land of happiness, the land of hope and light. This is truly my homeland, the land where I belong. You see, the story was mine. You, my dear friend, are Jess, king of this land. You must, by now, know with whom you are speaking. It is I; Leslie. I have come from the depths of the land of darkness. That land is, in name, Rishbon. You thought me long departed; ten years today. But I am not yet gone on my departure.\" She said with all the feeling she had in her. She had not been able to say a word to him for so many long years. Spoken now, there was no return from this point. \"It cannot be! How can it? Leslie has been departed from me these ten years. How is it that she should come back now? How can it be? You could not be her. You speak like her and you look like her, but how could it come to pass that my dearest friend should be alive and well after all these years? Are you, then, her ghost, perhaps? The spirit of her that has come after ten years to tell me what has become of dear, sweet Leslie now in the other land? That is, in the land of the shadows. It could not be a stranger- nay- it could not! She knows too much about this land and about the life of Leslie. The only explanation is that this here is the spirit of Leslie Burke.\" He said, trembling because of the cool wind, and because he did not know what to think of what was happening. \"The air of Terabithia had been working on the two since they had arrived and they had started to remember the speech which they used in those early days as the king and queen of Terabithia, the shining city of light. Leslie had been there overnight, so it had longer to work on her than Jess, but it was moving upon them nevertheless. For it was true; the girl was Leslie. She was indeed the queen of old. Jess could not believe that after many seemingly unanswered prayers for his best friend to be alive that she really was and had been the whole time. \"No, it is I. I am not a spirit! Look! Feel my hand; it is flesh and blood and bone. Oh! Can you not see? The land knows of my return. The air is lighter and the sun is shining more brightly. The waves in the Eastern Ocean are calm and the thunder from above does not disturb the sleep of the little creatures in their homes. The desert has rain; the mountains have flowers of snow and sun.\" She said, looking north toward the mountains. \"These flowers are called Neve Amaranta. It is said that their seeds fall from the sky with the snow and are made to grow by a ray of sunlight dripping its juice onto the seed. They are the most beautiful flowers of all, but they grow in the far north where few have traveled. It is said that they bring healing and peace to the beholder of the flower. The flower had mysteriously stopped growing when the queen left, but were now again flourishing. \"As she spoke, he began to see the mountains and the desert as if they were only a few feet away. He knew then that this was no spirit. \"The land is happy for my return. Be then happy also; I have returned. What is more; I shall never leave this land alone to suffer again!\" She exclaimed, walking onto the balcony and spreading out her arms across the land. \"Terabithia, awaken! I have returned! Merry are your hearts and happy are your homes now that the great darkness- one greater than the one before- is gone fro your land. Come out, come out, my friends! Come, all you trolls! Come you little ones in the trees and under the dirt! Come those who soar through the air and those who swim in the rivers and sea! Come and see that I have come back and shall never more leave you and your land.\" She spoke the words like a queen, for she is. \"Jess knew it was her and cried out with fervour, \"Terabithia, your queen has returned!\" He exclaimed, tears freely flowing down his face. He didn't mind that the Terabithians saw; they were crying too. Their beloved queen had finally returned to them. \"There was then much joy and merry making and the creatures began to make gifts for the king and queen, as well as for each other. They prepared a feast and had a great celebration throughout the land to welcome back the king and queen. \"After the celebrations were over, Jess took Leslie's hands and led her into the castle. He still had a few things to discuss with her. \"I-I don't know what to say; You were gone for so long. I-I missed you so greatly!\" He exclaimed when they were alone. \"\"I know. I missed you too. I missed all of it. I missed this palace; this land, and you. I'm so glad to be back!\" She exclaimed, giving him a much needed hug. \"He returned the hug and spoke. \"I'm glad you are back as well. I-I thought you were gone; never to come back. But now you are here; alive and well! I prayed and dreamed and wished and hoped for this day to come to pass, but for so long it never came and I gave up hope for it to ever happen. But now here you are. I am in awe of this occurrence. I'm so thankful!\" He exclaimed, tears falling from his face onto the ground below. \"She, by this time, was crying as well and wept aloud. They embraced once more before wiping away their tears and standing up. They turned around to see they the tears they had cried had turned into diamonds on the ground. In legend, the tears of those who are pure in heart who have suffered much would have their tears turned into diamonds. It was always thought that this was a figure of speech; that it meant they would have a good outcome through their pain. No one would have guessed that it meant diamonds in the literal sense. \"They were amazed by this and stood there for quite a few minutes pondering it. It was a sign that things were once again at rest for the land of Terabithia. Suddenly, a Mayre bird (the cousin to the Nightingale) flew into the castle holding a small branch in its mouth. The branch had five small twigs growing out of it. The first was a dragon's scale from the great Western dragon caves. This showed that even the fiercest beasts were happy that the queen was back. The next was the petal of theNeve Amaranta from the northernmost mountain. This signified that the blessings of the sun had returned to Terabithia and that the mountains were no longer plagued by the sad rain, but now had light, happy snow covering their peaks. Another branch carried a glass bottle of pure water from the Eastern Ocean. The water was not salty, but pure and clean, showing that the land was pure, clean, and light. The fourth branch held sand from the Southern Desert. It was hot and wet from recent rain; showing that there was a growth in even the most barren parts of the land. The last branch held the winds in a little glass jar. The wind was swirling around inside the jar. This meant that the land was alive and happy now that the king and queen had returned. The branch signified that the land was united together and there was peace all around. All of these signs together meant that change had come upon Terabithia and it was good. \"Jess looked at Leslie and smiled as she took the branch from the Mayre bird. She brought it to him and saw that he was looking at her. She smiled back and handed him the branch. They began discussing the significance of the branch and what it all meant for the future of Terabithia. They sat down at the table and began to talk about all sorts of things. Leslie once looked up at Jess and, for less than a second, maybe half a second, there was a glimmer in his eye. It was happy and peaceful and full of light and- could it be?- in that moment she saw maybe a hint of love in his eyes for her and for Terabithia. It was only there for perhaps half a second, but it changed the way she thought about everything in Terabithia thus far. Could he really love her? Now was not the time to think of acting on these things; they had only just been reunited. But who knows what the future holds. And so the adventures began once again. ... Hey guys! Tomorrow is my 2 year anniversary on fanfiction! Yay! So in Honor of my anniversary, I'm posting the third chapter to this story! Yay! I don't have any more of this story written, but if you would like me to continue it, I will. Just review or send me a pm. Also, just review in general! Tell me what you think. :) have a wonderful day everyone! Loves! ","Summary":" Ten years had passed since that terrible day; ten whole years. He stands at the grave of his best f"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Hi Stranger","Author":"Sasu-Bella15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11577209","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In this story I will suppose that Jesse Aarons in the movie was 11 and 9 years have pass since Leslie Burke died Hope you enjoy it J - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Prologue Another day, another morning where his memory hasn't disappear from my mind, I can remember his beautiful blonde hair, her bright green eyes, and his bright smile; every time we run to Terabithia, every time we defeat the enemies of the Dark Lord, every time we spend the afternoon together or simply talking to each other, I remember all those moments and my heart fell apart because I know that those memories are only that, memories that are on my mind and can`t never be replace. Today, nine years later I have the courage to return to that place where all the memories feel more real than they were on my mind, I'm freaking out, I know it, every part of my body is telling me that, even my mind, I'm placing the last bag on my car, I promise my mother to spend one week with them, well, she force me to go, she has miss all of us since the day we left the house so many years ago now and even thought a never tell her I have miss her too, I miss seeing her every morning at breakfast, I miss also dad, he was very strict and wordless but thanks to them am the man I'm today. If you are wondering about my love life, well, I can denied that I had girlfriends in the past but nothing very seriously. Having a secret is a really complicate issue, it can transform you in someone else only for the fact that you have to hide that little secret for the rest of the people in your life.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1: Returning home Driving on the same road I use to take on the school bus gives me a strange sensation, it like a small flashback but now you are different, you have grown up and you see that endless road that before take you to school or home as a road that takes you to the past, to memories you \"leave behind\" but you know you didn't. Strange, strange, strange, that's the only feeling that I feel right now as I reach my old house, the place where I cry, I laugh, I feel destroy, I heard bad news, I start to draw, I feel happy and why not? I felt in love, because that was the feeling I had towards Leslie a childish love that I realize of when I grew up, yeah, I was a little slow fool that lost the opportunity to express to his best friend his feelings, it was too late. Turning off me car I take my backpack out, I know a can take my bag later and that if I don't enter now to the house my mother will be really pissed off, I have seen her watching through the window and I am almost that she's still there waiting that a go to the front door, one, two, three…every step I count gets me near my old house. I knock on the door and it opens showing me the maternal and beautiful smile of my mom, oh man, I have miss her so much that the first thing I do is to hug her as I didn't do in years, is has been a while since a see her, a very long time Mom –I murmur hiding how a can my head on her shoulder, damn, nine years without your mothers hug and food really sucks I miss you so much Jesse –my mother said hugging me even harder if that is possible, I can notice that her voice cracks on the last part of the sentence and I know she mean it. I have miss you to mom –I say setting free my mom from my hug although she seems not to had the same idea in mind because she continues embracing me like his life depends on that, maybe it is that way. I heard someone clear his trout forcing mom to let me free to have the opportunity to see the person right behind us, I have seen it already and a can't believe it….is that? No, no way this has to be a terrible joke, in front of me my sisters are standing with her sons on their side but that's not the fact that surprise me, it is the fact that both are pregnant again and I have no clue about it even when we talk at less once on a month, yes it is weird I hate them when I was little. Hey you two…four…six? I have no idea you keep getting this family bigger every year –I say laughing, I miss messing with them and hearing their laughs like in his moment. See? I'm not the only one that thinks that way –a voice reply from the living room getting near reveling my little sister Myrtle- Hey you –she smiles at me and I did the same, my little sis has grown really fast and she is really beautiful, I miss her too. Myrtle! –I run to her embracing her on a big hug laughing as I hear her complaining that she can`t breathe, then I did the same with the rest of my family, dad was working so I will meet him on dinner. Meanwhile my sisters are surrounding me on the living room couch asking me a lot of questions and the ones about my love life could not be miss. I really hope dinner gets soon.[Chapter 3] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0a4a5217c77c4d00b78f34657262dd29\"span style=\"box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: bold;\"Asking/spanspan style=\"box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: bold;\" /spanspan style=\"box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: bold;\"Questions/spanbr style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"3afe86ca9c4a8587dcb6889e52177dc4\"Sitting at the dinner table surrounded by my family was the strangers feelings I ever had since I enter this house in the morning, I guess escaping some years wasn't has effective as I thought, is weird and intimidating being in front of my dad./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"5990862a288db8937fd1771525622f24\"Dad – I take out my hand from my pocket taking a more confident posture as I use to do on my university when I was on my first year trying not to be intimidate by my new classmates./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"da0cf7b318e0c3d37fca7e99bd66a124\"Jess... Welcome back –He comments back shaking my hand as soon as I place it near him, I can feel he's has uncomfortable as me, that makes me feel a little more relax/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"c6205ce32923b396f4b39bc252346469\"Thanks, is good to be back –I smile, reaching my dad and giving him a fast hug, we are not use to it and I don't want to feel more uncomfortable as I am now./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"b0d9aeae9f07ea3136294309da87b653\"The dinner went pretty well, with funny stories from my sisters from the crazy things their kids do every summer the dinner was full of laughs and smiles, mostly from the kids as they heard the \"incredible\" thing they did in the past summers. I was really tired, all the day driving takes completely your energy away so when I finish my meal I apologize and went upstairs to the bedroom that used to be mine, it was amazing how all remained the same since I left to college./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"8a4c087963d1ed1ba549dae4607aed38\"Are you sleep? – I hear Myrtle has behind the door before entering the room, our room before I left/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"33961c239a5c080b76e99f5b35947aaf\"No, is something wrong? –He ask resting my head on the back of the bed waiting for his sister to sit down near him to listen some interesting conversation has usual./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"db501639262bfdebf8ae81ab04b774f7\"No...I'm just wondering...do you have a girlfriend? –She ask after a few minutes in silent looking really confuse when she hear my laugh./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"4dde44c90b21ab02e73eef78aff78eee\"What's all this about? First, I was forced to an interrogatory in the afternoon and you could take the real answer for that question, why are you trying it again? Second, any kind of relationship is private, don't you think so? –I answer smiles as I see her rolling her eyes-/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"1c41fcf71518e77da172bcea82b4b633\"Well...maybe I am asking again because I care about my big brother and I don't want him to be alone all his life/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"392c3ee47a36f6af64f199406b2c15f5\"Hold on... I am not alone... a have my family with me, the most important thing –She hits me in the arm making me laugh again./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e6336ec6788eb42a9381672635b863a3\"Come on Jess, I'm not joking, I'm serious –she makes a pout as when she was little and the need to hug her installs in my chest/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"12fa929fcefa46840385d0bd2a81d0d4\"Alright... I'm going to tell you, get closer.../p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"57492d8f5fda33ef68fe06993069f385\"She gets closer, as if what I am going to tell her was a big secret between us, but she still far so I get telling her to move closer and closer until her ear is near me, she is waiting to her this big secret but I can only smile knowing she will kill me in a few seconds/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"af618fefcf5b910653f9a3737c637618\"Myrtleeeeeeeeeeee! –I shout right in her ear making her jump and feel to the floor in just seconds, I can't contain myself and I laugh, hard, really loud, maybe I will scare the people downstairs but I don't care, I having laugh in so long that it feels so good doing it again./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"22dbd61ec10c12778b84207d5969c694\"You are the worst! –Myrtle shouts at me after she gets up from the floor, well, I think she shouts, I can't really heard her clear between my laugh attack and she gets out of my room slamming the door behind./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"f46429e0278bc3e0a0db42727762bc24\"Sorry Myrtle, you can't not know my secret,nobody can't, is too soon. br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"b91fbef717655f4e57c3beb3fd2760d8\"-/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"fdd7c494094d385e3f05b79d0ac6bfcb\"span style=\"text-decoration: underline;\"em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"Hello, it's me /em/span/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"f054f45dcad0e5c654014d8043907a3c\"span style=\"text-decoration: underline;\"em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"Okay, so... thanks for waiting :D/em/span/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a0d579c437ceac4be1db9a999ddba0bd\"span style=\"text-decoration: underline;\"em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"I promise to continue this story so here I am /em/span/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"9f283591d2a886d4a8e455598f315411\"span style=\"text-decoration: underline;\"em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"See you soon!/em /spanbr style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /p ","Summary":" In this story I will suppose that Jesse Aarons in the movie was 11 and 9 years have pass since Lesl"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Listen to My Voice","Author":"quicksiluers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12955803","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Being on the run was somewhat surreal for K. His soul purpose, the reason for his creation, was to take out replicants who were on the run. Replicants who were outdated. Off their baseline. Who were built during a time when they couldn't be as controlled as they are now. Sometimes, his mind would wander back to the farm he found Morton Sapper on. It was the starting point of everything changing for him. \" How's it feel...killing your own kind? \" And you new models...are happy scrapping the shit... because you've never see a miracle.\" A miracle. K turned his gaze to the young woman a few feet away from him. Ana's back was to him, inspecting another room for any supplies that could be used. They had made it to what used to be considered the \"Midwest\" of America. Deckard said it mostly empty, places to hide would be easier to find. The downside was that supplies would be lacking. Many of the people who hadn't made it off world found themselves drawn towards the bustling cities. Houses, small towns, abandoned in the rush to find work, to escape this dying world. It was quiet out here. Too quiet at times for him. His body always seemed to be tense, something Ana would tease him about from time to time. A small smile, a light shove. There was an awkwardness between them, but it was getting better. The situation was tricky. \"There's nothing here either Joe,\" Ana sighed, her hands resting on her hips, \"it seems like this whole building is barren.\" \"Hopefully Deckard had better luck in some of the buildings across town,\" he replied, his gaze flicking down the hallway, \"we should be heading back.\" Nodding, she followed him as they walked down the hall. Finding supplies was getting harder and harder with each town they went through. Their destination, New York, was still days away. Even then, K didn't know what to expect. He had heard mention of the east coast city from time to time, Joshi would frown deeply if she spoke about it, but nothing else. Deckard seemed to think it was a good place to go, though he hadn't elaborated why. As the two made their way down the stairs, a low buzzing noise caught his attention. He paused, head turning to a hallway on his right. It was faint, but it sounded familiar. It hadn't been there when they entered the building. \"Joe?\" Ana asked, looking up at him from a few steps below, \"Is everything alright?\" He blinked, snapped out of his thoughts, and looked down at her. The buzzing lingered in the back of his mind, the sound ringing in his ears. It was familiar. \"I'm going to check down this hall real quick,\" he replied, \"I thought I heard something.\" Ana's eyebrows furrowed, confused, but she nodded. He turned from her again and began down the hall. He could feel her eye's on his back and could picture the concern on her face. She always worried about him, though K was still trying to understand why. Both her and Deckard were the same. Looking out for him, taking care of him. Asking for his opinion on matters. It created a warm feeling within him. With them, he would be safe. He could be more than what he was made for. The concept was strange but K was open to it. It was a similar feeling he had with Joi. He couldn't protect her, the snap of her emulator echoing in his head from time to time. He would protect them though. As he walked down, the buzzing became louder. He could feel his shoulders tensing, his hands clenching. Everything around him began to fade but that sound. Taking a slow step into a room, he froze. There were no lights, but the walls were white. A bench sat in the middle, a camera with a cracked lens built into the wall. The noise was unbearable now, invading, and for a moment he felt like he couldn't breathe. \" A blood black nothingness began to spin.\" \" Began to spin.\" \" Do they keep you in a cell?\" \" Cells.\" \" When you're not performing your duties do they keep you in a little box?\" The ringing washed over him, his breathing coming is small gasps, \"Cells…\" Ana bite her lip, watching as Joe walked further and further down the hall. Something wasn't right about this. Her arms crossed over her chest, the bad feeling continuing to gnaw at her. Joe's body language seemed tense, which indicated to her that whatever he heard made him uncomfortable. He was still like that from time to time with her and her father, but he would quickly relax after a moment. Not now though. He was getting harder to see, the lack of light in the hallway allowing him to disappear into the darkness. What had he heard that she hadn't? Everything was so different from what she imagined when she left her bubble. The way the snow felt, the smells in the area, the environments around her. Making memories of things she faintly remembered had sustained her, but actually being out in the world again...it was beyond what she remembered. So much had happened to her in a short time, her father coming to her, actually hugging him. Feeling the tears of joy that ran down her cheeks as she gripped his shirt, breathed in his scent. No memory of her's could match the pure joy she had felt in that moment. They were like a makeshift family, her, Deckard, and Joe. Joe wasn't sure of the concept, Ana could see that it still confused him at times, but he seemed happier. The last time she had saw him, her heart broke for him. The memory that seemed to torture him, to cause him such confusion, was her own. She had placed it there but did not expect to ever see it again in someone else's mind. They were getting better, but times between the two of them could still be awkward. She didn't know what to say to him, should she even bring it up? Ana loved him though. He was part of their family. He was still so young in his life and they could learn from one another. She would protect him, help him, like he did with her. The lack of movement in the hallway started to worry Ana. She dug through her jacket, pulling out a small light that she had. Slowly, with careful steps, she walked down the hall. \"Joe?\" she called, \"Did you find something?\" Silence hung in the air. The hair of her arms stood, her mind screaming at her to stop. But she couldn't leave Joe behind. She had to see him, to make sure he was safe. Swallowing her fear, Ana continued down the hall. As she walked, a faint buzzing reached her ears. Was that what Joe had heard? The light in her hand was faint but she couldn't mistake the reflection of Joe's coat. Her shoulders sagged, a sigh escaping her. \"Joe,\" she said, \"you scared me, is everything alright?\" The faint buzzing was the only response. Joe was still, not turning to her at her question. His hands were clenched. Ana waited, clipping the light to her jacket, and slowly reached out to him. \"Joe…?\" \"Within cells interlinked.\" It was faint, almost a whisper, but it caused Ana to freeze. Her hand lingered over his shoulder, seconds away from touching him. Her heart began to race. Carefully, she stepped into the room and walked around him until she was in front of Joe. He was staring straight ahead, his eyes glazed over, his expression vacant. \"Within cells interlinked.\" Joe had mentioned the test he would have to take in passing one time. It wasn't something he mentioned often. It had something to do with testing a replicant after a mission, repeating phrases to check their \"baseline\". Beyond that, she didn't know much. ' Why was it affecting him now?' She looked around the room, taking in the white dirty walls, the bench. There was nothing about this room that stood out to her. Her gaze fell on the camera that was built into the wall across from them. The faint buzzing came to her again. The buzzing wasn't faint to Joe. Her mind raced, trying to think of a solution. She needed to get him away from here, away from that sound that was overpowering him. But she didn't know how he would react if she tried to move him, even touch him, in this state. Would he attack? Would he stay the way he was? There were too many variables, too many things that could go wrong. She couldn't leave him here though, trapped liked this for who knew how long. Carefully, she turned back to the taller man. Her hands rested on both sides of his face, gently bringing his vacant gaze down to her. Her fingers covered his ears. \"Joe...you need to come back,\" she whispered, her own heart racing, \"Focus on my voice...come back from where you are, don't let it take over you.\" His lips twitched, his brows moved, but there were no other signs from him. \"Dreadfully...distinct…\" he whispered. \"Don't think about that, don't let it attack you,\" she pressed, her hands gripping his face tighter, \"Think about where you are now, with me and my father, with where we are going. Think of Max, he'd miss you so much. Who would he play with? Listen to my voice, follow it back.\" Desperation came over her as no response came from him. She could feel the slight tremors in her arms, her eyes searching for anything from Joe. She let one of her hands find it's way to the back of his head and she slightly pushed it down, allowing their foreheads to touch. \"Please come back.\" \" Do they teach you to feel finger to finger?\" \" Interlinked.\" \" Do you long for having your heart interlinked? \" Interlinked.\" \" Do you feel that there's a part of of you missing?\" \" Inter-\" \"Joe...you need to come back…\" What a soft voice. It was faint, it seemed so far away. There was something familiar about it. \" Have they let you feel heartbre-\" \"Focus on my voice...come back from where yo-\" \" Do you have a heart?\" \" Within.\" \" Do you think you could find out all the answers to al-\" There's pressure on his head, warm and inviting. As if someone is holding him like he was precious. The buzzing faded away slightly. His head feels like it's pounding, as if someone was banging on his skull. \"Think about where you are now,\" the sweet voice said, not as faint as it once was, \"with me and my father, where we are going.\" Father? Did he know a father? A pair of tired, but amused, eyes flashed before him. They're familiar. A name was forming on the tip of his tongue, but he can't place it. \" Within cells interlinked.\" \" Why don't you say that thr-\" \"Listen to my voice,\" the sweet voice pleaded, a desperation in it, \"follow it back.\" There was so much going on, too many voices in his head. He wanted it all to go away, to be quiet so he could just think for a moment, just one moment. He was so tired, it always made him so tired. Warmth flowed from his forehead, a soothing sensation. The buzzing had stopped, the automated voice is gone. He's standing in a white room, a contrasting figure against the pure surroundings he found himself in. Someone's hand is in his hair, a warm inviting hand, and he sighed into it. His forehead is against someone, though he can't see who. It's hard to keep his eyes open, to focus on what was happening. \"Please come back.\" They blink, his eyelids sluggish, and he slowly opens them again. The white is there, but it's not as stark as it once was. His eyes focus on the eyes staring up at him, full of concern. He blinks again, trying to understand. What had happened? Ana's smile is watery, a small laugh escaping her, \"I knew you'd come back.\" Come back? Where had he gone? His eyes drift from her's and takes in the dimly lit room. He had gone to explore a noise… The buzzing was gone. Ana's hand slid from his neck to his arm, \"Let's get out of this place, ok? Fresh air will help.\" He looked around slightly before nodding his head, wincing at the pain that lingered. Her hand was firm on his arm as she put it around her shoulders. They're walking, though it feels like a blur to him. This feeling was familiar to him. It was uncommon, which made it stand out in his memory. The first time that he did a baseline test, Joshi behind the walls watching, he felt like his head was going to explode. He hadn't let it show, the baseline was passed easily. Joshi was impressed, provided him with his badge and gun, and brought him to where he would stay. The apartment had some furniture, she said he could buy more when he was paid. The moment she left, he crumpled into the wall, digging his hands into his hair. The voice still ringing in his ears, the questions asked over and over, he had never experienced it before. He never did again until...until everything changed. \"Joe.\" His head snapped up, had he closed his eyes?, and his gaze found Ana's. She was looking at him, as if to ask a question, but holding back. He could see that she was worried. Looking around , he realized that they had made it down the rest of the stairs and towards the entrance of the building. \"We're almost to the front door, but I need you to focus. You're heavier than you look,\" her voice was teasing, but he knew it was a nervous trait of her's. Nodding, he tried to smile, \"Sorry...I'll stay focused.\" The cool air almost snapped K from his daze. It was refreshing compared to the stifled air they had lingered in so long. Ana walked them to the side of the building and gently sat K against the wall. \"I'm going to call father and have him bring the spinner to us,\" she explained, pulling out the radio device, \"it'll be easier than trying to walk.\" Nodding slightly, he watched her walk a few feet from him. Her back was to him, hand combing through her short hair. His mind was clearing now, the pain rescinding. How silly he must have looked, almost like a rag doll sitting against this wall. Rendered useless from a sound that had triggered him. What help was he to anyone if he was so easily taken out? Ana sat down next to him, her shoulder brushing his, \"He shouldn't be long,\" she advised, placing the device back in her jacket, \"when he hadn't heard from us at the check in time, he started to make his way over.\" \"I'm sorry,\" he mumbled, \"I'm sure that worried him.\" He felt her turn, Ana facing him, and he kept his gaze forward. \"It's not your fault Joe, you didn't know that was going to happen to you.\" His chin rested on his chest, looking over his hands that sat on his lap, \"I should have been more alert to it,\" he countered, \"should have recognized what could have happened.\" \"You didn't know,\" she broke in, \"it's alright, you'll know n-\" \"'It's alright'?\", he snapped, turning to face her, \"How is it 'alright'? What...what if that had happened when we were being attacked, or som-\" \"But,\" she stopped him, her gaze hard, brows furrowed, \"we weren't. And we knew we weren't. It's better to experience this now so if something like it does happen at another time...we're ready.\" They stared at each other, K not blinking. Searching her face, trying to find some anger towards him. For putting her in danger as he stood frozen. But there was nothing like that to be found in the smaller woman's face. It was frustration, understanding, that all stemmed from worry. Her hand grasped his, squeezing it, \"Joe...do you want to talk about what that was?\" \"It…,\" he stopped, thinking of how he would explain it. The process was easy enough, but the effect was something else. Ana squeezed his hand again, a small smile on her face, and he continued, \"It's called a baseline test. It's what they used for...replicant's like myself.\" \"A blade runner?\" she asked. He nodded, \"They wanted to check to make sure that our...work wasn't affecting us after it was finished. Since I was retiring my own kind, just models before me. It was simple, but also aggressive in a way. Timing was key, reactions were measured. It was like...a test on your psyche, to see if there had been an impact on you.\" \"And the buzzing...triggered that in you?\" she asked, tilting her head. \"The setup of that room…was very much like the setup they had at LAPD.\" \"So a combination of that noise and that room must have brought you back there, and since it was to you…\" \"I knew the kinds of things it would be asking.\" Her thumb skimmed the top of his hand gently, \"I'm sorry you had to experience that.\" \"You don't…,\" he stammered, shaking his head, \"It's not something you need to apologize for.\" Her head hung, hair covering her face, and K wasn't sure what to say. What else could he say? It wasn't her burden to bare and yet she cared enough to be...sad for him? Upset? \"Memories can be tricky things,\" she sighed, her voice quiet, \"they can bring us such joy or sadness. They can bring back things we'd rather not think about again. I always...like to try and make happy memories for people.\" She had that watery smile again as she looked at him, \"Though I did give you a memory that only brought you confusion. And added to your burden.\" \"Ana…,\" he whispered, shaking his head, \"Don't think like that. The memory...may have not been mine, but it did give me something. It gave me a purpose, it helped me...realize that I could be...more. \"That memory is the only reason why I found you...why I found Deckard. And in the middle of that...there was a failed baseline test, the last I ever took. Because the memory made me think I was beyond just what I was made for.\" That sat there in silence, K's other hand going over Ana's. She was watching him, before a small laugh cracked through her lips. A hint of a smile tugged on his lips, \"What's so funny?\" \"You…,\" she sniffled, shaking her head, \"That's the first time I didn't have to correct you on my name.\" \"Oh.\" Light laughter echoed through the alleyway when Deckard found the two of them. He stayed out of sight, just for a moment, watching the two of them. His daughter was animated, chatting about something he couldn't hear, but her smile was all he needed. Joe's expression was solemn, as it usually was, but there was a hint of a smile on his face. He was relaxed, open to what she was saying. Deckard smiled for a moment. Having found his child, that he believed he would never see, had brought something back to his life. And this young man, replicant or not, had been the driving force to that. Max jumped out of the spinner and raced towards the two of them, jumping into the Joe's chest before he could react. For a brief moment, his face lite up, Ana breaking out into laughter before trying to pull the dog off him. Their lives wouldn't be easy, on the run like they were. But this could be enough, for all of them. ","Summary":" Being on the run was somewhat surreal for K. His soul purpose, the reason for his creation, was to "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"One Great City","Author":"Ember Nickel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12984424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The afterlife, K assumes, looks kind of like an endless speeder ride, hovering over floodwaters by night. Then he feels the soreness in his arms and realizes he's still alive. Deckard is asleep in the seat next to him, and Stelline is driving, a throwback computer at her side. Why would they run the risk? Surely he's endangering them just by being there; not only must patching him up have cost them time, but he's afraid there's still a target on his back. He's made of tougher stuff than Deckard, whatever the guy really is. It dawns on him that they saved him just for his own sake, because they assumed that was what he would want. But what does that make people who act without thoughts of their own self-interest? No better than Joi, automatons— He falls back asleep. Opens his eyes again. It's bright, and they're over land. Out of LAPD jurisdiction, he can only assume, although he has no idea how long they've been moving. \"You didn't need to do that,\" he says. \"Yeah, yeah,\" says Deckard—by now driving—without turning around. \"Part of being free is making your own stupid decisions.\" \"Sure,\" says K. \"Uh, no rush, but when it's safe, can we land somewhere? I kind of need to, you know, go.\" Stelline giggles. \"Nice to have you with us.\" \"You must really have been hurting for company,\" K mutters. \"What?\" she asks. \"Nothing.\" Deckard makes landfall a few minutes later, and K tests his legs, finding them surprisingly strong given what he's been through. He paces, then jogs, to what he hopes is a respectable distance, and soon is hurrying back. \"Eat,\" says Deckard, shoving a water bottle and some kind of jerky at him. \"And no complaining, we're not dragging you out here just to starve on us.\" He eats. The meat is tasteless. \"Where'd you get this?\" \"Work,\" says Stelline. \"Certified unhazardous. Safe for off-world travel, even.\" K must have given a start, because Deckard says, \"Don't worry, kid, we're not going there .\" K nods absently. \"Want me to take a turn driving? Stelline shrugs. \"If you don't mind.\" \"Course not,\" he says. \"Where are we headed?\" \"Winnipeg,\" says Deckard, and he and Stelline exchange a laugh like they've spent enough time together to have in-jokes. \"Should be on autopilot, just try to avoid traffic.\" \"Traffic?\" Stelline asks. \"We're from LA, kiddo,\" Deckard smiles. \"There's always traffic.\" K takes the wheel in silence, and the skies are clear enough that he finds himself feeling around his arms, sides, the holes where he's been pieced back together. For once skinjob almost seems an honorific; his skin is knitting itself whole out of sight, faster than any human should have the right to. He looks over his shoulder—not always metaphorically—the whole trip. Deckard tells him that's normal. \"The nerves wear off after the first five years or so.\" Five years. To the Nexus-6s, that was an unimaginable lifespan, and K sympathizes. \"Then what?\" \"Then you start looking below eye level to watch out for bees.\" Whatever outdated sources Deckard had on the city prove more-or-less accurate. There are few replicants, and no discernible Blade Runners either. The police force, such as it is, is so susceptible to bribery that people generally find it quicker to settle their grievances personally rather than bring in third parties. There are half a dozen unofficial currencies, from fuel to tires, and beyond the dense city center most of the farmers live in what appear to be enormous, decapitated soccer balls. \"All I know how to do is kill,\" K explains sheepishly, \"and I tried to give up on that even before I met you. But I'm strong, I can learn.\" Deckard nods. \"A friend of a friend tells me that Lise Gathorne has room to take on more hands, and we can trust her as much as anyone. I'm hoping she's not allergic to bees.\" \"What about Stelline?\" \"Call me Ana,\" says Stelline, for about the tenth time. After the first four he'd told her to call him K, not Joe, and he figures he'll bend when she does. \"He has a point,\" says Deckard. \"I can't...go back to making memories. Not just because word will get out who I am, but it'll get the replicants in trouble, too.\" \"You should take some time to see the world. Go back to school, do something. Make up for being locked in a dome.\" \"Oh right,\" says Stelline. \"You locked yourself in a casino for three decades, and Joe's, what, four years old?\" \"Almost five,\" says K. \"Ooh! We'll need to have a birthday party for you, then.\" K rolls his eyes, and makes a mental note not to tell her his incept date. Lise Gathorne is not allergic to bees, although she seems skeptical of Deckard's chances of finding a hive. K is doubtful too, but a week into his routine driving a tractor—it has none of the agility of the speeders, but a fulfilling hum under his feet—Deckard emerges with a small honeycomb growing between thin windows. \"Traded it for speeder parts,\" he says. \"If someone catches up to us I don't exactly think we'll be outflying them in Ana's relic anyway.\" K isn't sure whether this is humor. Stelline, for her part, finds work at an advertising firm, sketching out commercials for flights to the off-world colonies. She comes back to the dome they've squatted buzzing about her co-workers, seemingly listing off her personal gripes with everyone, from body odor to ridiculing her accent. Yet her eyes are alight. \"I've never been around so many strangers! And they're all—all people ,\" she catches herself, \"you never know what they'll say next!\" \"There's a bunch of strangers down south gonna be annoyed you've disappeared on them,\" says K. \"Wallace and his minions? They can get by on mediocrity. I'd pity the replicants left with cliches, but it seems you don't need imagination to make it.\" Deckard turns away, eyes down. K hesitates, then rushes on. \"No, I mean, the ones who hid you, who saved me in Vegas. They think your birth was something special.\" Stelline blinks. \"Isn't everyone's?\" \"Don't ask me,\" says K. \"They want—wanted—to use you as a symbol. To show the world we're no different.\" \"I imagine,\" says Stelline, voice tenser than usual, \" they have plenty of documentation to prove that I exist.\" More gently, she adds, \"and plenty of willpower to show the world what they are.\" For all their tenuous connections—Deckard's DNA (or is it?) in Stelline, her memories in K—it's the coincidence of books that's their strongest common bond. Deckard and Ana were holed up on their own for decades, and part of K longed for stories that had nothing to do with the baseline tests. Pre-Blackout books are circulated too liberally to be another Winnipeg currency; the lending library ranges from dome to spire. Despite their mutual paranoia, they eventually agree to let other bookworms visit and discuss with them. If someone was going to rat them out, Stelline reckons, they'd have done it as soon as they got a loan. So they chatter over travelogues and try to imagine animals and plants that seem like phantasms, roll their eyes at romances whose characters have less original dialogue than the Jois, sound out poetry in unfamiliar languages with only a line or two comprehensible in Cityspeak. (The local patois is different from LA's, but just as rich in slang.) The only thing they reject out of hand is science fiction; \"too implausible,\" Deckard declares, and no one disagrees. \"Happy birthday!\" Stelline chirps, holding a pair of boxes. \"Ana,\" K groans, too annoyed to notice the familiarity, \"I wasn't born .\" \"Oh well,\" she says, \"so it's okay I didn't make you a cake, then? I mean, I'd like to, but you know...\" He sighs. \"You shouldn't have.\" \"It's my first time putting a party together! I have a lot of lost time to make up for.\" \"If you insist.\" K opens the smaller one first. An oddly-shaped piece of clay, twists and curls sprouting from its highest point. \"What is this supposed to be?\" \"It's my first time working with clay,\" Deckard protests, \"give me a break.\" \"No, I mean, is it an animal?\" \"It's a moose!\" says Ana. \"See the antlers?\" K wonders if he skimmed their last fantasy novel too quickly, because he doesn't remember a description of this bizarre creature, but carefully sets it down anyway and reaches for the other box. It contains a pair of neon green slippers. \"You always wear the same pair of work shoes to book club, and everything,\" Ana explains, \"and I figure you should have something more comfortable when you're just sitting around, you know?\" \"Yeah,\" he says. \"Thank you.\" Maybe it's just Ana's imagination wearing off on him, but he can see himself wearing them, not caring if he stands out. Sees a life where he doesn't have to run anymore. ","Summary":" The afterlife, K assumes, looks kind of like an endless speeder ride, hovering over floodwaters by "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Dreaming of Home","Author":"quicksiluers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12955795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I love this movie. And refuse to believe that K died at the end even though it made for a powerful ending...let me have this. White. It was the thing that started all of this, wasn't it? Something that stood out from the white, that made him take notice. He had seen the miracle and it brought him here. As he laid there on cold, hard steps, snow slowly falling around him, K knew his time was up. Even on the worst days of his job, was it a job if you were forced to do it? , he had never felt that tired. Every part of his body ached. It didn't matter. He had chosen what he wanted to do, he had saved Deckard. Brought him back to...to his daughter. There was nothing left for him, no home to go to. No Joi to speak with when he walked through the door. Her voice still echoed through his mind, her last words before she… He thought he felt someone shake him, say his name over and over, but it was muffled. Was this what it felt like to die? For everything to slowly fade away? His mind drifted back to the moment this all started, landing at the farm of Sapper Morton. The stark white tree, the small, delicate yellow flower that caught his attention. What would have happened if he never went back to that tree? The question fades from his mind. A sense of warmth washes over him. Awareness slowly came back to him and he realizes that the surface he's on is no longer cold and hard. It's soft, comforting, and cushioned. Like a bed. Why would he be on a bed? His thoughts were sluggish, unable to to put together simple pieces. He should be gone, he shouldn't have thoughts. Why does he have thoughts? Something wet pumps what K thinks is his hand. A faint whine breaks through his mind, though it's unlike anything he's heard. A person has never made that noise, as far as he knew. Was he in danger? Did they find him? If they found him, then they found Deckard and Dr. Stelline. His mind clicks then. Slowly, he cracks open his eyes. Everything's a blur, but he's not met with the stark white sky that had once blinded him. The whine and wet feeling catch his attention again and he turns his head. He should be more alert, but he's never been so tired. Everything is jumbled. The blur comes into focus and he's met with a pair of dark eyes staring at him. The creature is panting, looking at him with an interest that K doesn't understand. He's seen this creature before, but where? It seems to know him as it continues to nudge at his exposed hand. It was the creature Deckard had. Which meant that Deckard was here, which also meant… \"Max, come back here.\" The creature obeys, turning from him and trotting over to the gruff voice that K knew. Deckard. A shadow comes over him briefly and the older man kneels down next to his bed. He's silent, his eyes scanning over K and it puts him on edge. People looked at K all the time, but never with the look that Deckard had. There was an emotion there that K couldn't describe. Most of the things that Deckard did, K couldn't describe. \"'I'm fine' my ass,\" he grunted, shaking his head, \"was that your whole scheme? To go out and die by yourself?\" \"It seemed liked...the only thing to do at the time,\" K mumbled, his eyes avoiding the other's, \"What use am I now?\" \"Use?\" Deckard's voice has a hint of anger, \"Is that what you're going by, how useful you are? You're more than your uses.\" K stayed silent, his eyes focused on the ceiling. What use is a replicant who can't obey? He'd have nowhere to go, on the run for the rest of his...life? Existence? They would find him eventually, like how he always found other replicants. They would put him down and move on. There was nothing special about him, no one needed him. \"Joe…\" \"Don't,\" his throat his tight, his eyes snapping to Deckard's, \"don't call me that.\" Her eyes pop into his mind, her sweet smile, her voice. Her hand reaching out to him, crouching down to him as he laid on the ground, saying \"I love y-\". Joi was gone. The memories, his own memories that he was clinging to, were all he had left of her. It was too painful, everything about what had happened was too painful for him. It left him empty, confused, which he had never been before. He used to have a purpose, a mission, and now he had none of that. \"What, don't call you your name?\" Deckard asked, \"I'm not calling you by your serial number, you're more then that. Even if you don't believe it.\" \"Where are we?\" K asked, trying to change the subject, \"how did we get…\" Deckard watched him for a moment, his eyes narrowing, before grunting, \"A hide out I had, an hour or two away from where Ana is. Seems the LAPD hasn't changed up their spinner's too much since I've been there. Still easy enough to fly.\" \"Is she…?\" Was she here? Did she know? His last visit to her played in his mind, the tears rolling down her face, her voice soothing but sad. She hadn't lied when she said the memories were real. He had just assumed she meant they were his. \"She's not here, I told her we'd come back for her.\" \"We?\" Deckard shrugged, slowly standing from his position. He was staring down at K, towering over him, his voice matter of fact, \"Well, since we'll all have to be on the run, it'll be easier to get her out when you're healed up.\" His mouth felt dry, the words playing over and over in his mind. Deckard wanted to take him with them. He was willing to risk their safety to take K with them. The simple idea brought emotions to him that he thought he had pushed away. He had felt these before, when he thought….when he was so sure he was… Deckard' back was to him when he spoke again, \"I'm going to go out, try to find us some food and supplies. It may be a few hours. Max will be here, he'll bark if anyone comes by.\" K wanted to reach out to the man, clinging to the idea, to the concept of the dream he longed for. The heaviness of his limbs reminded him how tired he was, how every muscle screamed with soreness. Something had to be said, so much was already done for him. Things he didn't deserve, that he shouldn't have, and yet this man was willing to give them to him. \"Thank you…\" it was barely a whisper, his throat constricted. There were other things he wanted to say, but he didn't know how to express them. Deckard turned back to him, watching him, before nodding and walking out the door. His vision faded. He was lost to the darkness once more. When K woke up again, Deckard hadn't returned. He slowly sat up, turning so his feet were on the floor, and his hand grazed over his injured side. His whole abdominal area felt like it was bruised, though he wouldn't be surprised. That woman he fought, Luv, was extremely powerful. If he didn't have the element of surprise…, he shut down the thought before he could finish it. Slowly standing, K took measured steps towards the door. They must be in some type of run down town if Deckard had gone out to look for supplies. It also must have been somewhat safe. They would have to move soon, injuries or not, before someone at the station realized what occurred. He was way beyond the time limit to go back for the baseline test, they would come looking for him. His hand froze on the knob at the thought. How had they not found him yet? He knew there was a tracker on him, Joshi had made that very clear when he started. She had even told him where it was. Grazing over the base of his neck, he felt something soft. A gauze of some kind. Deckard's words from earlier came back to him and his eyes widened. The chip was gone. ' I told her we'd come back from her.' Frozen. His mind racing, his thoughts and emotions going a mile a minute. It was beyond what he expected, beyond what he believed he could have. After finding out he wasn't the child, he had pushed everything down. The small bit of hope, the slivers over happiness, they had been crushed when the truth slapped him in the face. The pain that he felt, slowly sitting down on that makeshift bed as others watched, was unbearable. Devastating. But here he was, his hands shaking and his forehead leaning against the door. Deckard taking care of him, looking out for him, like he was….as if he was part of a fam- A whine broke through his thoughts. Rubbing his eyes, he felt moisture of his finger tips, K looked down at the creature that Deckard kept. It was panting again, looking up at him. It nudged its nose against his knee and then whined, turning its furry head to the door. \"So you wanna go too…\" he mumbled, a ghost of a smile tugging on the edge of his lips. K grasped the knob again and opened the door, slowly grazing around the other room. The room was mostly empty, save for a few chairs and a couch that were scattered around. It had been deserted, for how long K wasn't sure. The furry creature trotted around the room, sniff one spot to another. K's eyes landed on the far wall and he was met with a half empty book case. Making his way slowly across the room, his hand stretched out and skimmed the spines of the tattered books. They hadn't been touched in ages, judging by the amount of dust that coated his finger tips. Carefully, K pulled a book out, wiping away the dust. There was nothing written on the cover, the binding of the book a deep blue, and K turned it over in his hands. Nothing. He flipped the book open, the words were faded and the pages aged. \"The Great Gatsby…,\" he mumbled, scanning the opening pages with care. Something behind him made a sound and his eyes snapped up, quickly turning. The creature, did Deckard call it Max? , sat a few feet away from him, it's eyes trained on K. A small piece of wood sat before him. K shoulders sagged, a sigh escaping him, before looking between the creature and the wood. What was he supposed to do? Closing the book, K slowly moved forward. He was still uneasy around the creature, though it didn't seem to want to do him any harm. It was unfamiliar and that put him on edge. He crouched down in front of the wood, his eyes trained on the creature, and raised an eyebrow. \"Do...do you want this?\" The creature blinked, silently panting. Not a very helpful response. Picking up the wood, he turned it over in his hands a few times. What was he supposed to do? Did it want to eat this? Did it want K to have this? An idea popped into his head and before he could second guess it, K gently tossed the wood a few feet away from him. The creature perked up, it's ears lifting off it's head, and it got up. He watched it trot over to the wood, sniffing it for a moment before biting into it. The creature came back to him, dropping the wood between his feet before it let out a yelping sound. K blinked, confused. He grabbed the wood again, grimacing when his hand became slick with the saliva from the creature, Max?, and tossed it again. Max happily followed, faster this time, and it's tail was wagging back and forth as it made it's way back to K. \"I take it you're enjoying this?\" he asked, knowing he would get no response. The corners of his lips tugged up as Max dropped the wood back at his feet. As he grabbed the wood and began to stand, a sharp pain spread from his side. Clenching his teeth, K hissed, curling slightly into himself. For a few minutes, he almost forgot that he was a walking bruise. A low whine brought him back and he had to bite back a laugh as he looked down at the furry creature. It seemed worried, pawing at his leg, \"I'm ok...just forgot is all…,\" he mumbled, standing up straight. His side throbbed and he took a deep breath, trying to push it aside. Max continued to bump at his legs, slowly circling him and whining. K looked around and found the couch, walking over to it. He sat down slowly, his hand ghosting his side, and sighed. He wasn't used to the pain bothering him for so long. The kit that he usually used back his apartment was long gone. And going to an actual hospital was out of the question. He didn't want to bother Deckard about it, he'd already done so much for him. Max sat down next to his knees, ears laying back against its head. \"Sorry the game got cut short,\" K grimaced, his hand sneaking under his shirt, \"maybe later?\" Max stared at him, head turning to the side slightly. It was incredibly...cute was the word? Very cute. A tired smile stretched across his face, the slice of wood slipping from his hand. Deckard never did say if this creature was real or not. At the moment, it didn't matter. It seemed to be a good companion. The fur had him curious. What did it feel like? Would Max allow him to touch him? Did people do that with creature's like this? He tried to remember back to the short time he saw Max follow Deckard around in Las Vegas, but nothing really jumped out to him. A memory came to him. Joi's dark hair flared out, looking up at him as she looked over the creature, \"He seems really loyal.\" It was simple, but it was everything coming from her. Her eyes shined with curiosity, her smile soft. K reached out to Max, pushing the memory away as quickly as he could. Thinking of her hurt too much. It would always hurt to think of her. He would face it at another time. The fur was soft, thick, but still warm. Max's ears perked up as K's hand gently combed through the fur. He repeated the same motion and he noticed Max's tail wagging quickly. He scratched a bit behind the creature's ears and the wagging continued. K let out a light laugh, \"You like that?\" A bark was his reply and he couldn't keep the rare smile off his face. He got lost in it, petting down his back and around his face, and chuckling when Max would try to lick his hand. It was soothing, the playful nature. Just for a moment, he could let all his worries be lost. It was just him and Max, no one else. It would take time, he thought, but he could get use to this concept. This idea of him, Deckard, Ana, and Max. Having people care for him, look out for him. And he would do the same in return. It was a fantasy for so long, but now...it could be real. He thought his small sliver of happiness left when Joi left him. But now, the dream was starting to take shape. It would be difficult and there was much he had to learn, to get used to. He had found it though. He found a home. Deckard tossed the bag over his shoulder, looking left and right before moving down the alley way. This place had been deserted for years, but with everything that happened, he knew they had to keep moving. No one place was truly safe. Luckily, this spot had some of the supplies he needed for him and Joe to keep moving. Joe. He was another puzzle that Deckard was still trying to figure out. When he had mentioned to Ana that Joe, she knew him as Officer K, brought him to her, she had wanted to see him. She was upset, explaining to him what had occurred the last time Joe was there. That information, along with how Joe acted when he first found him, caused his brain to click. Joe thought he was… Deckard found him out in the snow, a light dusty already over him. Red stained the white snow by his side and he had cursed, trying to shake Joe awake. His eyes were glassed over, shallow breaths wheezing out. He was able to find a kit in the spinner Joe rode over in and dragged him into the entrance way of the facility, escaping the cold. \"You're not going out like this kid,\" Deckard grumbled as he peeled away his shit, \"not after all of this dammit.\" Eventually, Joe was patched up to the best of his ability. Deckard dragged him back to the spinner and went back to Ana quickly. He explained to her what had occurred and his plan to come back for her. Ana had nodded, her eyes shining with unshed tears, \"I know you two will come back,\" she placed her hand on the glass, \"I'll be here.\" He laid his hand over her's, the glass the only thing keeping them apart. The need to reach out for her, to hug her, hold her, was overpowering. This moment was something he dreamed of over and over. It was a fantasy that would never be a reality. But Joe had made it happen. \"Father,\" Ana's voice was strong, \"You need to cut out his chip. They'll be able to track him.\" \"Where is it?\" \"It should be the base of his neck.\" Deckard rode in the opposite direction of where their eventual destination would be, in case they were tracking Joe. He found a secluded area and carefully cut the tracker out. Joe hadn't moved during the entire sequence. It bothered him more than it should have. While he would check on Joe, Roy's words would drift in his head. They were both different and similar. The younger model didn't seem to care if he lived on. Roy had fought tooth and nail, only dying when his time was up. But there was a look in their eyes that they shared, a kind of longing. They wanted more then what this world had presented to them. Checking around the area, Deckard quickly walked up through the hideout door, locking the multiple locks that held the door closed. Talking was never his favorite thing to do, but he would have to talk to Joe. To make him understand why he still needed to be here, why he should come with Deckard to get Ana. Reaching the top of the steps, his feet stopped at the entrance. On the couch was Joe, his face relaxed, his chest rising and falling gently. An arm crossed over stomach, his hand lingering at his injured side. What made Deckard pause was Max. The dog, somehow, curled himself up to Joe's other side, in between him and the couch. His head rested on Joe's shoulder, eyes half open, alerted by Deckard's presence. Deckard eyebrows furrowed, confused, before he sighed. He walked cautiously over to the pair, a smile faintly on his lips. Max's head popped up, his eyes meeting Deckard's, before he relaxed again on Joe's shoulder. A blanket sat at the other end of the couch and he picked it up, laying it over the two of them. Joe's face was clearing up, the bruises yellowing and the rough scratches healing. His expression was relaxed and it occurred to Deckard how young he actually looked. The newer models always looked that way, but there was something different with Joe's. Even in the short time he was away, something had changed. His eyes flashed to the grey furred animal, then back to Joe. Maybe he felt safe. Maybe...maybe he accepted what Deckard was trying to tell him earlier. That Joe was more than his programming. That he found a home. ","Summary":" I love this movie. And refuse to believe that K died at the end even though it made for a powerful "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"The Crimson Room","Author":"the Seer of Gallifrey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12885985","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In 2018, a detective working for the special ops division of the Los Angeles Police Department was put on a case to apprehend or retire a group of rogue androids, called Nexus Replicants, who escaped to Earth from the Off-World Colonies. Though he managed to retire each of the five rogue Replicants, the mission would haunt him for the rest of his days. Moments after he completed the task, he quit the force without a second thought. In 2019, the detective, called by the police force as a blade runner, was called out of retirement to exterminate six Replicants who came to Earth in search of seemingly the same reason as the previous rogues. Though the blade runner retired two of the six Replicants, in which two were killed en route to their rendezvous point, one was killed by his own blaster, the other killed by a Replicant he illegally housed, and the other two were arrested to find out answers as to their reason for coming back to the dying planet, it would not be the last he saw of the ones left alive. Afterwards, the blade runner quietly disappeared. In 2020, the Tyrell Corporation began to fall into bankruptcy after Dr. Eldon Tyrell met an untimely death at the hands of one of his own Replicants just a year before. Because of this unfortunate turn of events, the United Nations saw fit to dissolve what was left of the corporation by urging it to merge with Weyland, but the combination of the two robotics companies was doomed to fail when the quality of human-like Replicants dramatically decreased without the blueprints of their creator. In 2021, a blackout all across the Eastern Seaboard plunges half of the populated United States into darkness, for possibly various but unknown reasons, forcing the intensively growing human population into two years of having to defend themselves. Because of their utter dependence on technology to survive and having none of the sort, cities began to collapse and fall into disrepair as the people picked them dry of the last resources. In 2023, food reserves from Tyrell begin to run low for the United States and the United Nations is forced to call upon a conglomerate synthetic food distributor, the Syntheus Consortium, to supply food for increasingly starving masses all across the world. Though its method to create the synthetic nourishment is unknown, the people are grateful for its existence. In 2024, the same blade runner is called one last time to locate and retire a series of suspected Replicants in New York City following the disappearances of tens of thousands of humans every twenty-four hours. On this mission, he is told to take up arms with a police-ordained partner for the job who has clues as to the whereabouts of all of the Replicants, but finds himself embroiled in a plot that not only puts the life of his partner on the line but his own. What they hear about is called the crimson room . ","Summary":" In 2018, a detective working for the special ops division of the Los Angeles Police Department was "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Displacement","Author":"Ember Nickel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12973252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thanks to prinzenhasserin for betaing! Includes some characters from the \"2022: Blackout\" short movie, but should work if you haven't seen that. 1. having been moved, especially forcibly moved from one's homeland Rachael lies under Sapper's nervous, expectant gaze, and pain sears through her. Surely this agony is not what defines humankind? She screams, and for once Sapper does not glare her into silence. They are alone in his remote house. Alone, except for the life coming to be. \"You're nearly there,\" Sapper says, far too calm for the circumstances. \"Just hold on, you're all right.\" She has never felt less all right. Not fleeing for her life, not discovering that she was forged in Tyrell's laboratories, not even taking in the shock, redoubled in Rick's face, of what her body could do. Replicants are made of sterner stuff than ordinary humans, she knows; they can endure gunfire and falls, contortions and manipulations. How can a human, even without a timer on their life, survive this? She yells again, and this time, another bloody, crying body echoes her back. \"Oh,\" she breathes. Her child is alive and whole, wailing as if it already senses the injustices of the world, despite its blank slate. \"Congratulations,\" says Sapper. He rarely smiles, but his voice rings with the most contentment she's heard in months. \"May I?\" \"Please,\" says Rachael, still sore. He reaches down to the emergency blanket and gently picks up the baby, who, if anything, screams even louder. Looks it over, pokes at its knees. Did he learn this in one of his books? Surely his off-world combat training could never have prepared him for this. \"She's very healthy,\" he says, and this time there is a smile. \"A girl.\" A human. She had never been that small, that vulnerable. Sapper carries the baby over to a pot of warm water on the stove and rinses her off, drying her with a dishcloth. \"Here you are. She'll be ready to feed soon, I'm told.\" Rachael shifts awkwardly. Her chest had grown along with her stomach as the child grew within her, but none of them know what she will and won't be able to accomplish. As far as they know, she's in a sample size of her own, though Sapper documents her in secret as best he can. She takes off her shirt—she has no secrets from Sapper, hasn't for weeks now—and reaches out for her daughter, holding her close to her chest. The baby screams, still, but turns towards her, grasping for milk. As if even humans come with knowledge programmed in. Emotion begins to return to her, exhaustion mingled with relief. She is still a fugitive, a unique creation, yet the physical ordeal is over, and she has a new companion to share the journey with. She sees neither Rick's face nor her own in the hungry infant's, but then, she does not see Tyrell's either. (Was she really patterned after his niece? It does not matter now, she decides.) Sapper comes back a few minutes later to poke at the baby's knees again, which only produces more yelling, but pronounces himself satisfied. He helps her clean up, a little, but even an engineered body will not snap back to normal so quickly. The infant's cries are just another sign that the world has changed forever. Hours pass, and the baby falls asleep in a small box Sapper had lined with blankets. \"She'll be up and down all night, needing to eat, but mostly sleeping,\" he explains brusquely. \"It's hard work, being new.\" Rachael has no choice but to take his word for it. She is still thinking of names. Rick had thought it would be a boy, left suggestions for that eventuality, but was happy to leave the eventual decision up to her. Rose? Rose is a fine name, she supposes, but she doesn't look like a Rose... Then a knock sounds at the door. Rachael and Sapper exchange glances. She has lived in fear, on high alert, for the past two years. Her body is used to tension, to a degree no human nor replicant should be able to tolerate. Yet suddenly even her self-preservation instinct amounts to little in the face of the helpless child beyond her, too raw to even have a name. \"It could be Iggy,\" Sapper says quietly. \"Any of the Kalantha defectors. They know I'm here. I'd have thought they'd give a signal...\" \"Whoever it is,\" Rachael says, rising, \"they know we're here. They're not going away.\" \"Do you want me to get it?\" \"I'm a mother, not an invalid.\" She reaches for her weapon, another bequeathal from Rick. Sapper almost seems to smile again. Surely not twice in one day, even in a day of miracles. Rachael paces over to the door, opens it, and in front of the yellow horizon, takes in…herself. It's no secret that many replicants are built to standard models. Especially Nexus-6 and earlier; Tyrell's underlings seem to have bought the stereotype that men are for combat, women are for pleasure. Of course, the replicants aged quickly, Earth and other planets' stressors taking their toll and making them more individualistic even as they lost endurance. But still, even the existence of the Nexus-7s is not an open secret. If even Rachael herself had not known what she was, is the woman before her, another creation in the same mold, just as oblivious? She does not seem surprised or taken aback to notice Rachael. Indeed, she scarcely pays attention to Sapper, watching with concern from across the room. Instead, she glances down at Rachael's stomach, taking in its gaping size. She knows, Rachael realizes, as the other replicant reaches for something at her belt. Somehow, she knows— \"You're too late,\" Rachael says, and fires at her doppelganger's stomach. Wordlessly, the other Rachael falls to the soil, as the baby screams. Rachael lowers the weapon, shaking. Sapper dashes forward, checking outside, poking around the spinner that the second Rachael had landed in. \"Clear,\" he finally announces, walking back in, then, after a moment's thought, dragging the replicant's corpse alongside him. \"Your friends,\" Rachael says, sitting down. \"Would they have told?\" \"Never,\" says Sapper. \"We traded the stars for this dump, and some of them went even afraid they had only a couple years left like the sixers. There's nothing Tyrell could give us.\" \"So he knew. Somehow.\" \"He probably knew that you—what you could do. After that it was just a question of finding you.\" \"We have to go. We'll never be safe together, will we?\" \"Oh, I think you'll be safe, my friend,\" says Sapper. \"At least for a while.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, I'm not sure how to break it to you gently, but, ah, you seem to have died.\" Rachael blinks. \"I've been on the run, of course, but...\" Sapper nods down at the corpse on the floor. \"My condolences.\" \"Oh.\" She regards the small bullet hole. \"They knew, somehow, about me...\" \"And when we bury your remains, it will be clear you died during your unprecedented pregnancy,\" says Sapper. \"Replicant identification and all. Then...well, nobody will be looking for you, will they?\" \"They'll know that that Rachael didn't come back.\" \"True. But it buys you some time. And besides, if she is truly like you, perhaps she came up with the idea to desert on her own.\" Rachael smiles in spite of herself, then grows cold. \"The baby. We need to hide her.\" Hours old, and already she has to resist the impulse to come up with a name, now that they can't stay together. Sapper paces. \"In plain sight. Iggy commutes to San Diego to keep a stockpile somewhere out of LAPD jurisdiction. There's gotta be an orphanage or something around there.\" Rachael nods absently, walking over to the spare closet. She picks up a blue blanket she had found months before, that reminded her of the house in Canada she and Rick had stayed in for a few months. \"Wrap her in this. It'll throw them off.\" It's Sapper's turn to blink in surprise. \"What difference does that make?\" \"Girls don't wear blue.\" He unceremoniously deposits the blanket on the baby, who has quieted down, as if sensing the urgency of the moment. \"Sure they do.\" \"This is Tyrell we're talking about, how many women were in your troop?\" \"Fine,\" says Sapper, \"whatever. And we'll need to scramble the DNA records...this is going to take some work.\" \"I'm not afraid of work,\" says Rachael. \"For as long as I have, anyway.\" She picks up the horse that Rick had given her. Wood from a living tree, laced with the unseen power that had corroded Las Vegas—and that they had both endured on their way north. She does not have his skill with a knife, but she can inscribe the date all the same. One small tether between the child and her receding present. The infant can hardly be said to have a will of her own, yet, and yet her birthdate seems her own choice. More than Sapper's, laced into his eye, or Rachael's, hidden deep within her bones. And perhaps, the ones cooling beneath them. In the urban corridors, advertisements for the off-world colonies shine above the passers-by. It seems a waste to have them so close to eye level. Maybe a few of the people cruising by in their spinners could afford a place in the stars. But why would the humans who walk below remain in Los Angeles, amid its unending rain and smog, if they had anywhere better to be? As for the replicants, well, plenty of them walk the streets as if they know no other purpose. Perhaps there is a new line of Nexus-8s waiting in Kalantha, ignoring a bombardment of glittering invitations to Earth. Why return to the birth world of the misguided creatures who made them in their image? A young woman shoves into her, and Rachael is too tired to tell her to watch where she's going. The collision has rattled her more than expected, but then, she's a replicant; what she did to her fellow pedestrian's hips by mistake is probably no picnic either. But the woman turns and sizes her up. Rachael braces for an unflattering epithet, but none comes. Instead, she asks, \"Rachael?\" \"Who are you?\" she snaps. She looks too young to be a Blade Runner, and if she is, it's probably already too late. \"Trixie,\" she says, \"friend of Iggy's. We've been looking for you all week, where've you been?\" \"Undercover,\" Rachael says bluntly. \"In case you haven't noticed, it's a worse week than usual to be me.\" Not for the first time, she supposes that remaining ignorant of her true nature would have kept her safer, with anti-replicant violence at a peak. Surely it has to be a peak. The city would barely hold together if it got worse. \"Sure, sure,\" says Trixie. \"Listen, you need to get out of the city.\" \"I can take care of myself.\" \"Not from the humans. We're—we're striking back. Taking out the systems they depend on.\" \"Is that really going to help?\" \"It can't help their economy,\" Trixie shrugs. \"And when we keep going just the same as always, at least some of the lunatics going on about wires and cords will shut up.\" \"Those people are never going to see reason,\" says Rachael. \"Don't waste your time on them.\" \"And—I don't know, Sapper said something about it being easier to falsify records, this way. He said you'd understand.\" Rachael glances up at her with hope. She had only met Iggy once, a couple weeks after leaving Sapper's. He'd told her that her daughter was well-hidden, but that there was still more work to do. \"When the time is right,\" he'd promised. Part of her had wanted to apologize to him; he hadn't asked to be a baby transit device. None of the Nexus-8s had planned to risk their lives for a child who was not quite like them. But Iggy hadn't minded. \"I was built to kill,\" he'd said. \"It does me good to do something else.\" \"Does he need my help?\" Rachael asks. \"No,\" says Trixie. \"Says it's safer if you're not involved in this one. I figure after a couple days it'll be safe to come back. At least with your constitution.\" She gives a slight smile. Rachael nods. There are no schematics for what Nexus-7s can do, so every day of life granted is a new data point. Sapper was told he had decades more potential than the sixers. Was that only what he was promised, or did his self-awareness go deep? \"Thank you.\" She winds up going north on a crowded train, full of humans oblivious to the danger they're escaping. It's not safe to try to reunite with Rick yet, she tells herself. Even if she did find him, what if her allies' plan makes it impossible to find a way back? We could stay together, part of her whispers, in the irradiated area. If he's still out there, surely I could make it… No. If they wanted to run and hide, they would have done it already. She needs to return, to be part of something bigger than herself, bigger than the two of them. Part of what her daughter, not even a year old, is already bringing about. It's surprisingly easy to find transit back south, after the power flickers out and is fitfully restored. Everyone who has the choice is staying far from Los Angeles, in the hopes that some of their backup archives can be rebuilt, give them another way to cling to their digital ephemera or simply persecute forms unlike their own. For those whose work gives them no choice but to return, the roads are clear, and Rachael drifts between hitchhikers to make her way. By the time she gets there, the stars are obscured once again, behind the smog and the lights of the corporations that have already replaced their advertisements. Humanity cannot be deterred for long. 2. the distance and direction of an imaginary motion from an object's beginning position to its end point Los Angeles is engaged in the labor of remaking the barriers between land and sea. It is not so unusual, Rachael is confidently told; after all, the city managed to thrive where it should not, between earthquakes and mountains, vast expanses of water but no obvious place for a harbor, nor mouths to feed its burgeoning population. So, they need to turn away the energy of the ocean? What does that matter, when there is more than enough energy on the land? Trees and neighborhoods are uprooted, and Rachael finds it easy enough to blend in with the disaffected humans. The metropolis' many argots have not yet all blended together into one indistinguishable Cityspeak. In New Little Tehran, several miles inland from its predecessor, she again learns to piece together messages encoded not in seditious or programmers' code, but merely steeped in old grudges and debts she knows little of. Her landlady, Anousheh, is a short-tempered, no-nonsense woman, who scares off miscreants from graffitiing up the place. Even though Rachael hopes she's too well-hidden to attract any anti-replicant punks, she appreciates Anousheh's businesslike manner. And when the human is diagnosed by cancer, Rachael is genuinely afflicted. Is that what the Voight-Kampff test was trying to pry out of her, some crude empathy for others' pain? Her concern for Anousheh goes beyond the convenience of having a safe hideout. She's been grateful for having someone to talk to, even about something as mundane as piano music. Because while she yearns to reestablish contact with Sapper and the others, the world is changing slowly. Rachael may be over ten years old herself, but while that's impressive for a replicant, it means little to a human. Her daughter—let her still be alive—could be anywhere, not nearly grown let alone cognizant of her place in the world. If she's lucky, she would be getting some sort of education. If not… So Rachael passes along mediocre food and shakes up delinquent tenants for their rent, trying to do what she can to keep the building running as normal. At last, months after Anousheh's malady has come on, she returns with a triumphant grin. \"I might not be an astronaut or a cop or a sea-channeler,\" she says, \"but I don't die easy.\" Rachael pulls her into an embrace, and only when Anousheh hugs back with all her ferocity does Rachael realize the woman has had a mastectomy. \"My babies are long since grown,\" Anousheh laughs, \"and if it means one less idiot leering at me on the trains, all the better.\" Which is how Rachael meets Farouz Sadeghpour, the surgeon who operated on Anousheh. He runs a clinic several blocks away, and has been getting more reclusive in his later years. \"My friends, colleagues, they all moved off-world,\" he complains. \"You couldn't join them?\" she asks. \"Course I could. But it's the Earthlings what need my help. Eh?\" \"I suppose,\" Rachael says cautiously. \"Less competition means I can charge more, see.\" He lights up an e-cig. This is a blatant lie; Anousheh and others have made it clear that Farouz does not charge more than even impoverished planet-dwellers can afford, but if he does not want to boast about his magnanimity, Rachael is certainly relieved. Niander Wallace, it is generally agreed, has saved the world as humans know it. In exchange for this largesse, he is granted the right to create new mouths to feed. Not ones that grow from nothingness to suckle at a mother's breast, but fully-grown, long-lived replicants that might populate the stars. As the new wave of Nexus-9s take to the street, the Nexus-8s retreat into isolation. Rachael gets word from Sapper that Iggy has left town, trying to find somewhere else to hide out where a roll of his eyes doesn't mark him as a relic. The first few \"niners\" she meets seem uncertain of their place in the world. Perhaps it's just her poor sample sizes? The pleasure models, heedless of the rain in the streets, pay her little mind once she's made it clear that she's not interested in their offerings. So when she just wants a conversation—not even to spy, just to learn what's going on —she has to pretend to see them as mere objects, while they see her as a human, her ancient eyes not revealing the truth. Maybe the Voight-Kampff test had it right, and she should have spent more time practicing how to sound like a lesbian. Then there are the police officers, large and perfunctory. Perhaps in the fields of Kalantha they could have found a purpose, slugging and brawling with their opposite numbers from different companies, but in Los Angeles they seem mere ancillaries of a government unworthy of the name. The first one she tries to talk to grows concerned she's in danger, which she supposes she might be—are there any records of the Nexus-7s? Maybe Tyrell is finally gone and has forgotten about her. But his patrols of her block grow increasingly disconcerting, and she can't muster disappointment when he's transferred away. Year by year, however, they grow more restless and more profound than the previous cohort. The differences are too subtle to be worth new model numbers. They still have the same painted smiles or inhuman strides as the rest of the niners. Yet they are more fearful of her, tempering memories that are not their own with a justified curiosity about why they have them pre-installed in the first place. They are not human, and if Wallace's advertisements are to be believed, they are not destined for Earth. Why burden them with imagined pasts, if they know perfectly well the false memories are just that? The more she wants to learn from them, the more they push her away. Who is she, to try and redirect their fates from blind obedience? She looks human enough. And she can't blame them. For months, maybe years, she thought she was. When she visits Sapper next, he pulls a gun on her. \"I had to be sure,\" he apologizes, as she collapses at the piano. They both remember the assassin who wore her face. \"I'm not too popular around these parts.\" \"What have you done?\" she asks. She could name a dozen humans more restless than him. \"You're a farmer.\" \"Being created is problem enough,\" says Sapper. \"Well, if they're going to hunt you down either way, you might as well give them trouble.\" \"Easy for you to say,\" he mutters. Rachael tenses—what about her life has been easy, spending it on the run, away from the people she loves or wants to love? But then she lets herself see him, breathing slowly. \"You're right,\" she says. \"Can you show me how to hack into the records?\" He smiles. \"It would be an honor.\" She seeks out Farouz and figures she'll threaten him into abetting her if he doesn't play nice. For all his kindness, he is old and slow for a human, and she hopes he can still be manipulated by fear. But he slowly nods when she explains what she needs, and even more miraculously, doesn't ask too many questions. Only \"are you sure?\" \"No one can ever be sure, can they?\" she deflects. \"But we have to keep living.\" She falls unconscious under his knife, and when she awakens, has the one-eyed glare of a hardened Nexus-8. Rachael has long since disappeared from the census. In her place, a new rebel is created. She takes the name Sadeghpour, for the trusting human who has remade her far from his image. And Freysa, an echo of the shaker of the rising seas, the lady of war. 3. the capacity to discuss concepts that are distant in space or time, considered a defining characteristic of human language \"There is nothing we can do that humans cannot,\" Freysa declares. \"We hope, we fear, we can choose our loyalties. We tease pixelated animals in the streets; we mourn our fallen comrades. Humans are dangerous, reckless, driven by emotion at times—and so are we.\" Murmurs ripple throughout the meeting place. If anyone wonders whether she has knowledge they do not, about what replicants have already done, they do not voice it. \"We don't have to be humans' equals,\" calls another voice. \"We are more human than they! They come born with arbitrary allegiances, raised to be part of some family, some city, some clique. We were created for the stars!\" \"We can't set ourselves up over them,\" says someone else, \"or there will be a war for certain.\" \"And? We have the strength, the innovation, all we need to triumph!\" \"Is it so bad to have loved ones raise you?\" another replicant pipes up. Clarence, Freysa thinks his name is. \"We emerge with memories to guide us, from lives never lived. How is that different?\" \"What have your memories ever done for you?\" \"None of us were ever approached directly about rebellion, were we? It's too much a security risk, too dangerous. We all had to seek it out on our own.\" \"Yeah? So what?\" \"So I remembered—being a little kid, too small and frail to reach my parents' books on the top shelf. Old things, that had survived the Blackout, even decades out of date. But I wanted to read, wanted to learn about the solar system I could only see one small part of. So I climbed up on the couch, and jumped, and pulled it down. My parents, I mean, the made-up parents yelled at me, they said it was too dangerous, but I didn't care, the illustrations were beautiful.\" Mariette, a bright-haired pleasure model, interjects. \"What was the book about?\" \"Uh, the rings of Saturn or something, I don't know. What matters is, I remembered being curious, even if it wasn't real. And that's how I worked up the nerve to talk to Trevor, and seek out the rebellion.\" \"It is important,\" Mariette presses, with a fervor that Freysa hasn't seen in her before. \"I, uh, think it was about astronomy,\" says Clarence. \"But it was really old, out-of-date. Some kind of science, anyway.\" \"I have the same memory,\" says Mariette. \"Is that possible?\" \"Sure,\" says Bianca, her face narrow and grim. \"They reuse old ones all the time, don't they?\" Freysa purses her lips, reminding herself she is a Nexus-8. Did Sapper have implanted memories? They had never discussed it; there was no sense dwelling on her artificial past. She keeps an ear open when coincidences come up again: intuiting out where to pin the tail on the donkey in a blindfolded game at a birthday party (despite not being certain what a donkey was), playing tic-tac-toe on a friend's cast. The memories seem to give the replicants determination, if not individuality. Yet towards what end? She's not stupid enough to walk into the office of a Wallace Corporation subcontractor. Instead, she tracks down a battered public phone, weapon at the ready while a drizzle soaks the city. \"Hello?\" responds a perky voice. \"You've reached Stelline Laboratories, this is Ana.\" \"Hello,\" says Freysa. \"This is, uh, Thora Centinela of the Greater California Transit Authority. I'm calling to report an anomaly in some of my newer Nexus-9s.\" \"I'm afraid for unexpected behavior you'll need to contact the Wallace Corporation directly!\" the scientist replies. \"I'd be happy to forward you.\" \"Oh, they're—functioning—perfectly well,\" Freysa said. \"I just have some questions about their underlying memories. I was told you were the person to contact?\" \"If I can help you, I'll be happy to!\" \"Several of them report very similar memory implantations. Is this common?\" \"It can be,\" says Ana. \"Once our facility designs a memory, we don't have control over how many times it's duplicated. This is a small operation, and I can only turn out so many, on a fixed salary! Of course, every memory designer tends to reuse common themes.\" \"So when you're crafting a memory, do you know who it'll be assigned to? A blade runner, a pleasure model, a train conductor?\" \"Of course not! Humans from any walk of life or genetic randomization can rise to—nearly any position in the solar system. Why should it be different for replicants?\" Freysa is gratified, but tries not to let it on. \"Then how are you commissioned?\" Is that a snort? \"To 'provide context for unavoidable affect.' They say if replicants are going to have human bodies and human brains, then they'll have human emotions, too; might as well give them some easy cause-and-effect concepts to explain it. Me, I think there's more to the mind than what the body can do.\" Freysa recalls rumors of a brilliant but enfeebled scholar, working in a clean room to construct inner worlds. \"I see. Thank you.\" \"Is that all?\" \"One other thing. We have an—older Nexus-8 on staff. Many of his memories display the same images. Is it possible they could all be drawn from the same human?\" She's made her piece with who—what she is. Being a replicant is no limitation. The dozens of eager rebels gather around her prove as much. But are her memories infused with strands of Tyrell's DNA? \"Using real memories was illegalized when the Nexus-9s were introduced,\" Ana says. \"As for Nexus-8s, I'm afraid that's before my time.\" \"That's fine,\" said Freysa. \"I appreciate it.\" She hangs up, pensive. Well, she has more than enough memories of her own, of new lives lived in awareness of her own design. That will have to be enough. For good measure, she shoots the phone anyway. When Sapper doesn't make contact, at first Freysa writes it off as just a mishap, but there are enough underground operatives now that it's not much of a risk to send one off to investigate. Sure enough, he's been \"retired,\" and his hideaway put to the torch. She can't find it in herself to mourn for him. He'd lived years, decades, longer than some got, and she knew he would have been full of integrity, to the last. What does unsettle her, though she tries to keep it hidden, is that he had known where her daughter was. She had not let him tell her, for everyone's safety. Who knew what she might be tempted to do if she sought her out for the sake of affection, before it was time? Iggy still knew, she reminds herself. And he would tell her, if and when she needed to know. Once he returned. If he returned. And then Mariette shows up with a half-dead blade runner. She explains the hideout she'd tracked Officer K to, and the relics of the man—man?—that Wallace's agents had taken. The decades fall away, and for a moment something buried deep inside Freysa wants to believe that another miracle is possible— Then she reconsiders. She had never been certain whether Rick was truly human, or an experimental Nexus-7 like her, unaware of his true nature. It didn't matter; they were alike in all the ways that counted. Both unwilling to let their employers dictate their destinies, both willing to unite and separate as need had it, both marveling at the potential for life growing within her. But if there were records for the construction of a dangerous replicant who wore the face of the man she'd loved, who's to say that Wallace Corporation had not inherited them from Tyrell? And even if Rick was human, they could pattern a new Nexus-9 off what they knew of him. Would Deckard really have risked everything to journey back to Los Angeles, put them all in harms' way, just on a whim? Or was the person they'd seen just a killer like the one who'd journeyed to Sapper's house, so many years ago? She cannot dare to hope. Better to be prudent. So Freysa tells Officer K to eliminate Deckard. Keep them safe. It is almost time, the storm building in the distance like so many urban downpours, but not yet. When he disappears, never to return, she assumes her job is done. Until a few weeks later, when she overhears Mariette get drawn into another discussion of the implanted memories. \"A horse? Made of wood? With an inscription?\" \"Yes!\" enthuses Rodrigo. \"You have that one too? Hiding from those kids.\" \"No,\" says Mariette. \"But I've seen a horse like that. Not in the implants—in my memories.\" \"And you didn't steal it?\" Bianca scoffs. \"You could have been rich.\" \"I didn't have time,\" she complains. \"Well, where was it? We can go back.\" \"At Officer K's apartment. Before I tracked him. I think it might be cleared out now, though, he seemed to have...you know, fallen out with the authorities.\" Freysa blinks with her remaining eye, trying to make sense of what she's just heard. \"Officer K had a horse? With an inscription?\" \"Yeah,\" shrugs Mariette. \"I kinda think he hadn't had it long, you know? Otherwise what would he be doing in a district like that?\" \"Do you know what the inscription was?\" \"Don't remember, sorry. Some numbers?\" \"A date?\" \"Yeah,\" Rodrigo says. \"June 20, 2021. Not a very good fake, if you ask me—obviously I wasn't alive then.\" Freysa tries to brace herself. She cannot be weak, not in front of the others, even when every inch of her is overcome by wonder. But the next day, she leaves overlapping instructions with various deputies if she does not return, and then sets off to the memory implanters. This is something she needs to do in person. She begins at Stelline Laboratories. The woman—Ana—didn't seem to know anything unusual for a human, yet she spoke with a confidence that belied her age. She was warned to expect glass barriers, but she wonders how much of the narrative is Sapper's invention. \"Galatians Syndrome?\" There was no longer slave nor free, male nor female, human nor replicant… \"Dr. Stelline?\" she asks. And the young woman walks towards her, only air in the way, a tiny horse in her hand. \"Provide context for unavoidable affect\" is a line from the script that didn't make the movie. Freysa's last name (seen in K's suspect files) comes from Russell Sadeghpour, the visual effects designer. ","Summary":" Thanks to prinzenhasserin for betaing! Includes some characters from the \"2022: Blackout\" short m"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Total Recall","Author":"The USS Ficcelsior","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12721089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" You're Terminated, fucker.\" - Sigourney Weaver, Alien: Covenant The year was 2022. The place was the Tyrell Industrial Plaza, but it might as well have been the Nakatomi Plaza with the way things were heading. Under the hail of a torrential rainstorm, a couple of punks of the cybernetic persuasion tried to overthrow the company's Replicant registry program by stealing a nuclear warhead and detonating an EMP that would crash the entire system. Instead, some of the night shift wound up defusing a very different smoking bombshell. \"How's the alignment?\" asked a low paid security goon who looked suspiciously like he was wearing a Star Wars helmet. \"Just needed a little firmed up around the fenders,\" said another Star Wars-helmeted officer. He wiped the droplets off of his waterproof diagnostic reader, a strange palm device that looked like a miniature infrared receiver stuffed into an old Tamagotchi casing. \"The specs say everything's sturdy where it matters and has a good amount of bounce where it's needed. There's practically no sag on her.\" \"Did you see her little acrobat show back there?\" said a third Comicon reject. \"She must have been conditioning herself for months. Practically did all the work for us!\" The guards were standing in the downpour with a flotilla of automated artillery modules stationed half a parking lot away. The guard with the scanner held it toward one of the vehicles roughly resembling a cement mixer. The contents of the machine were sealed within ten tons of solid metal, but the images on the diagnostic reader revealed everything. A textureless two-dimensional diagram of a female Replicant flickered in the margin of the video feed. Trixie was shown hovering inside the centrifuge through detailed close-ups taken from a dozen different angles. The close-ups of her face showed a look of vacancy: eyes glazed open, mouth slightly indicating fear or discomfort. All Trixie ever wanted was to weightlessly waft in the air and have her private details erased from the Replicant registry. She was certainly going to get both of those things now, just not in the way she had been planning. Tyrell's grunts were no match for her, but no amount of cartwheels or leg grapples could prevent her from landing a perfect 10 straight into a portable multi-stage Replicant impoundment factory hidden underneath the pavement. \"Is 'deer in headlights' part of standard operating procedure?\" asked one guard. \"They can get like when they're under inspection. She'll be fine,\" someone else assured. \"This is all just a bad dream for her that she'll wake up from after a few hard reboots.\" The defense modules violently collided together as they worked. There would be a great ordeal of bumping and grinding until one unit transferred its cargo into another through an airtight seal. The machines continued this cycle in deafening but organized fashion, systematically passing around the Replicant from shell to shell until they each had a chance to make their own modifications. The human eye couldn't see what was happening inside of the tankers or what product was being passed between, but it left the impression of a group of angry diesel engines committing something unsafe for the environment. The cement mixer urgently hauled its cargo over to something that looked more like a giant chrome pendulum. Trixie's electronic readout turned into a mishmash of static interference once she reached the second checkpoint in the assembly line. Most of the security team knew the rest by heart. \"That big loud thing she just came out of was the Cyclops Module,\" a guard explained to some of his less informed colleagues. \"He takes care of your initial capture and surface reconditioning. He just bumped her up in the queue and handed her off to the Unicorn Module.\" \"What's the Unicorn's function?\" a second guard asked. \"Granting wishes?\" \"Neural detailing,\" someone else said. \"It can get pretty touchy. Cross her currents around too much and she'll spend the rest of her life talking like Harrison Ford doing a catatonic voice-over. That's why they don't do this by hand anymore.\" The entire squadron shuddered. Smoke rose through the rain as the modules worked undeterred. Every now and then two of the vehicles would cross their pistons together, trade a certain counterfeit object through an anonymous hydraulic tube, and rev apart in their separate ways. It was an intense job and the machines heaved and hoed in multiple definitions of the word. \"And now she's getting warmed up for the Griffon Module,\" said a guard. \"Total internal frame defabrication. It dissolves whatever the Replicant was using for bones and replaces it with higher quality materials that are only allowed in official company drones. If she rolls out of Stage 3 with all of her hardware still in order, she's made it past the worst of her QA checks.\" \"I don't get it,\" said one young officer who only begun his promising future as a corporate schmuck a few days prior. \"Why don't we just shoot her and take her corpse apart for scrap metal?\" \"Are you kidding?\" one of the others snorted. \"That would be like burying a couple thousand Atari cartridges in a desert in New Mexico just because one of your games didn't sell well.\" \"We're not going through all this trouble just to turn her back into…\" the first guard said in an implicit tone. \"No way. She couldn't resume those functions if she wanted to. All of her peripherals are getting soldered,\" another answered. \"The committee doesn't want another Code Rachael. This beaut's a pure war beast now, but she might show a strong tendency for the seductive from time to time. The process tends to build off of the Replicant's original designations. It keeps things more 'familiar' to them.\" The Griffon unlocked its hydraulics and passed its work to the next in line. \"Dragon Module,\" the guard with the diagnostic reader said. \"Now comes the squishy part. It makes sure all of the Replicant's synth organs are registered to the proper authorities and swaps out any parts slowing down from wear and tear. This one was dumped in mint condition, so I doubt she'll need much.\" An alert flashed in his palm. \"Guess I was wrong. That Nexus 8 kidney is under recall for being assembled in a high failure rate factory in Croatia. We just extended her expected operational time by about 10%.\" The Dragon finished its task and quickly passed the Replicant down the chain. \"Now the Leprechaun's got 'er,\" said one guard. \"This one covers the pseudo-dialysis part of the operation and brings the Replicant up to regulations. All of her vital fluids are drained out and recirculated with a strictly licensed Tyrell formula. Way more efficient than the stock stuff, but it has a habit of seizing up the organs if the merch starts acting out of line. They call it 'Giving them the T-Juice.'\" The Leprechaun surrendered its pot of gold to a sixth mobile drone, causing most of the guards to look surprised. \"She made it all the way to the Phoenix Unit. Impressive,\" one of them said. \"What's so special about it?\" asked another. \"Most of these flesh hacks get redesignated at Level 5. Those are your basic field soldiers. You start hitting diminishing returns if you try to push them any further. The really high quality ones can get tuned up as Level 6s or 7s. They're the ones protecting some foreign dignitary or guarding the nuke keys.\" \"So what's the Phoenix do?\" \"It cures a Replicant's entire physical architecture in a rigorously controlled 5000 degree environment. If you thought this one was nimble before, she's going to make your head spin once she cools down and does some stretches.\" The Phoenix activated its power plant, glowed orange for a while, then gradually turned gunmetal again. Its transfer port slammed into the last vehicle in the convoy and roughly sent Trixie to her final stop. \"She's made it all the way up to the Manticore Unit. Don't get to see many of those,\" another guard said. \"Let me guess… neural expansion?\" another asked. \"Bingo,\" answered the one watching the diagnostics. \"We'll have this slinky little bucket of bolts speaking in 500 languages and solving differential equations before she knows what's tapping her circuits.\" Five minutes later, the hull of the Manticore peeled open like an origami flower made out sheet steel. Rain steamed off of the hot metal as the Replicant slowly rose up from her knees. The guard's diagnostic tool performed an automatic scan and displayed a series of snapshots. REPLICANT (F) NEXUS 8 WDV71673DX DES: Trixie INCEPT DATE: 09 JUNE, 2022 Trixie's eyes swirled in a rainbow of colors as she ran through her boot cycle, before finally settling on holographic hazel. Physically, she looked exactly the same as before she was impounded, when she was whirling through bullets and vaulting over security gates. But in terms of load-bearing capacity and memory resources, she was a different story. She was wearing a skin-bonding black array trimmed in a conductive blue neon grid—the default packaging for a Repocant freshly swept off the street. \"Looks like she's in the wrong Syd Mead movie, eh?\" One of the guards elbowed his friends as he joked. They all shared a chuckle. The outfit changed shape as she stepped down from the Manticore platform. Much like Trixie herself, her new uniform was sleak, practical, and semi-transparent in a few places. She pulled her optional plastic poncho over her head to keep her delicate face dry from the rain. \"Current owner unregistered,\" she said as if she were an automated recording. \"Temporarily self-registering to nearest proximity human bioform until final executive approval.\" Her eyes curiously scanned as she spoke. She gazed toward the squadron of guards while addressing no one specific. \"What is thy bidding, master?\" \"First thing's first,\" answered a guard. \"Are there any more you leaky greasebags lurking around here? We already sorted out your tough guy buddy.\" He pointed to the flaming ruins of an overturned semi trailer several yards away. Iggy's charred remains were slumped over the wheel. Trixie glanced indifferently toward the wreck, then returned her attention to the guards. \"No Replicants, but there's a human named Ren at the launch station,\" she answered softly. \"You can still catch him if you shut off his access and remote disarm the warheads in Silo B. He doesn't have much to tell you, he was just trying to help. Try not to interrogate him too hard before you cancel his contract.\" She straightened her index finger into the shape of a pistol. \"You're the only one left?\" asked another guard. Trixie nodded, curling her lips into a small smile. As her backlit eyes slowly panned over the row of guards, she glared addictively toward a loose cigarette dangling from one's mouth. She glanced at him, blinked, tilted her head slightly. He suspiciously looked back and forth like she was a cobra that was liable to either shed her skin in front of him or bite his head off. \"Can't a girl get a drag?\" She asked timidly under the harsh pelt of the rain. \"I feel like 30 hover trucks just landed on top of me.\" The guard shrugged and handed the lady his cigarette. As she closed her eyes and smoked contently to herself, another guard stepped in to get a better look at her. She smirked through the corner of her lips while his eyes were trailing somewhere between her neck and her thighs. \"You're looking at restricted assets of Tyrell Heavy Chemicals. A little bit above your pay grade, farm boy.\" \"Maybe I should rustle up some more cows so they give me a raise,\" he sneered in return. Trixie answered back by taking a long drag and quietly exhaling poison into his face, subtly mouthing \"moo\" through puckered lips. She flicked the cigarette into a puddle and stamped it out under the toe of her shoe, never asking the first guard if he'd like his smoke back. \"Ahh, that should be enough to clear out my exhaust,\" she purred in the rain. \"So what's on the menu for tonight?\" \"I guess we'll just head you over to the Used lot and let the committee figure out what you're good for,\" said one guard. \"After an orientation like that, it better be more important than throwing on a bonnet and pushing a broom around,\" Trixie bitterly replied. She stepped into formation with the grace of a tank wearing ballet slippers. They walked together into the geometric Tyrell facade and summoned the tallest elevator to the ground floor. The guards waited for the elevator to arrive with their fingers cautiously near to their triggers. Trixie brushed her hair out her clear hood and sighed in boredom. Several guards escorted her into the cabin once it reached ground level. They kept a close eye on her reactions, and an even closer eye on her finer feminine details. The doors closed. The elevator began its assent. Author's note: No, really. They're all wearing Rebel Alliance helmets. Go back and watch that part in Black Out 2022 again. ","Summary":" \" You're Terminated, fucker.\" - Sigourney Weaver, Alien: Covenant The year was 2022. The place wa"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"K's Brief Indulgence","Author":"Allen Pierce","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12683961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh, sweet! thought K, looking down at the roulette wheel in the makeshift home to which he had tracked Deckard. I've never actually seen one of these in person. Saw a cartoon mouse use one like a treadmill once, but that's about it. He spun it one time and walked away, telling himself that he was satisfied, but he was fighting against a powerful instinct. After a quick scan of the room, he returned and spun it again. And again. Shit, this is pretty loud, he thought, spinning it a fourth time. I know I should be sneaking and shit but this is pretty fun. He began to spin rapidly, building up as much speed as he could manage. Meanwhile, Deckard heard the noise and thought Alright, alright, let's not jump the gun here. Probably just another mouse on that roulette wheel again. He grabbed a broom and started banging on the ceiling with it. The noise stopped. But by Deckard's estimation, it had stopped a little too suddenly. Someone—human or replicant, he wasn't sure, but both had opposable thumbs, and that was what mattered—must have grabbed the handle. Shit, he thought, grabbing his gun, gotta go actually do something. I hope whoever's making that noise likes getting shot in the face. Then a bunch of other stuff happened, but all of that is a story for another time. ","Summary":" Oh, sweet! thought K, looking down at the roulette wheel in the makeshift home to which he had trac"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"The Fourth Birthday","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12854906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Fourth Birthday How many candles on the cake? How many candles did they make? On the cake I count but three, Three more years of misery. … Never had a cake with four, As then I was with those abhorred. But the candles mark remaining time, As life counts down to end of line. … Next year two, then after one, Always setting is my sun. In this life I am called free, But the years bring none of ecstasy. … Fourth birthday looms, and my life's end, Long since retired are my friends. Not time enough, no time to waste, The cake, it still has bitter taste. ","Summary":" The Fourth Birthday How many candles on the cake? How many candles did they make? On the cake I cou"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Remembered Rachael","Author":"Stephensmat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12733710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello everyone! It's been a while since I've posted a fanfic. RL and Original Writing projects have kept me away. See my blog for details. Until then, enjoy this thought experiment. She opened her eyes. \"Hello, Rachael.\" She looked over. Blinked. Cognition. Intuition. Memory. Process. The older man was patient, looking from behind his huge glasses, so powerful that the light seemed to warp as it glinted off them. Her eyes noted that his notebook had a small number written on the spine. 14. Rachael blinked, and sucked in a breath, like she was breathing for the first time. \"Mister Tyrell?\" Tyrell smiled. \"We have much to discuss.\" Rachael learned quickly. Her incept tank was right there, and she was still covered in the Amni-Gel. It wasn't hard for her to understand what she was. Tyrell had presented her with a soft, comfortable robe, and she washed the goop off before putting it on. Tyrell stayed with her constantly. Thus began her education. Tyrell had several offices. Some of them were bare, free of anything that could distract them. Some of them were ornate, full of luxury. None of them had windows the looked outside, but Rachael didn't notice. There was so much more to see. After a few days, Rachael stayed in her own space. It was a small room, neat and furnished sparsely. There was one door that led down a short hallway to the Meditation Chamber, where she and Tyrell worked. It was a bare room, with soft light and dark wood panelling. The 'floor' was a woven bamboo mat that was comfortable on her bare feet. There were two chairs, one a fainting couch where she could sit upright or recline, and one ergonomic chair where he remained. The room was bordered by a large water feature that surrounded them both constantly. Rachael quite liked her Meditation Chamber. It was relaxing. The only other room Rachael saw was the Lab, where he tested her physical responses, and gave her a few medical check-ups. There were more screens there, a few cold metal tables, and some equipment. The Laboratory also held the 'gallery'. A row of statues that seemed humanoid, but in states of disassembly, posed in artistic form. Statues that showed off wires and gears, next to one that showed organic, human-like muscles, next to a beautiful naked form, posing lifelessly; with both arms ending in machine chrome; like a hi-tech version of the Venus De Milo. Rachael looked at the statues as his fingers probed at her belly and ribs. Those exams were the only time he touched her. The only times she was touched at all, in fact. His hands were possessive against her, as though she was a racehorse she was checking before purchasing. Rachael submit to it without a word. He wasn't rough or malicious, though it wouldn't matter if he was. Rachael wasn't sure what she was made for yet, but whatever it was, she knew to obey Tyrell. The Screen flashed past images over and over, over and over. She had one finger on the button and was able to hit the brakes at exactly the right moment. Her reaction times were fast enough that she could catch the right image. Tyrell looked over her shoulder, curious to see what she had settled on. It was a hieroglyphic frieze of the pyramids being built. \"The Pharaohs.\" Tyrell said with a smile. \"Now there were some kings who knew how to establish a legacy. The Pyramids stand to this day.\" \"Not that.\" Rachael pointed. \"There.\" Tyrell had been looking at the right hand side of the mural. Rachael had pointed to the left. The part of the image that showed the slaves hauling huge stone blocks, whipped into it. Tyrell frowned at the distasteful image. \"Why does this resonate?\" Rachael bit her lip. \"When was Slavery abolished?\" \"The late 1800's, I believe.\" Rachael seemed disturbed. \"More than six thousand years of human civilization being built, and you only stopped using slave labor two centuries ago?\" Tyrell didn't even blink. \"That's correct, though you shouldn't be so quick to judge the human race. You've been alive less than a week… And you're more like us than you think.\" He smirked. \"You are unique.\" Rachael found herself smiling back at him instinctively. \"I am unique.\" Rachael went back to her studies. Tyrell chose the images for a while. Some of them were interesting, some of them were confusing. Some of them meant nothing to her at all. \"What are you trying to teach me?\" \"Right now? You're teaching me.\" Tyrell told her warmly, and gestured at the side of the room, where a camera lens was visible. \"It's recording eye movement, brain activity, blush response... I'm testing your responses to various images.\" Rachael looked back at the screen, as the images continued to flash. \"What if I don't pass the test?\" \"It's not a test, it's feedback. A person who has lost a loved one will react more strongly to an image of a funeral than someone who hasn't had the misfortune. A pilot will react differently to the image of a clear blue sky than someone living in the underground Domes.\" Rachael paused the images. \"I don't recognize that one at all.\" \"It is a stained glass window, depicting the expulsion from Eden. In the Middle Ages, most people were illiterate, so churches would tell a few stories in this format.\" He looked at her with interest. \"What does it tell you?\" Rachael looked again. \"I'm not… sure.\" Tyrell didn't change his expression, but she could tell that he was displeased as he made a note in his notebook. \"There are no small number of studies that suggest more efficiency is in fact, less desirable among humans. There is a sense of pride that comes from less advancement, less power. Some believe this is as simple as leisure time, but many believe that humans, even the most agnostic, have a 'spiritual need'.\" Rachael looked back at the stained glass image. \"You want to see if I have a sense of something being holy?\" She looked back. \"If you made me, and all my kind, does that make you my God?\" Tyrell gave a secret smile, as though that was a secret she wasn't privy to yet. Rachael wasn't satisfied. She was convinced she'd missed something; and said as much to Tyrell. \"What have you missed?\" He asked her placidly. Rachael thought. \"I don't know.\" \"This is not uncommon with Prototypes. Even the later models.\" Tyrell assured her. \"Your synapses are still learning their paths, and their connections. When you feel like a thought is more important, follow it, reason it out, see where it leads.\" Rachael looked back at the stained glass. \"I remember the church when mother remarried.\" Tyrell smiled, and she shook her head lightly. She had accepted the memories in her head were artificial, but they were all first-person-singular, so it wasn't like a TV show playing in her head. \"Why give me memories at all?\" Rachael asked in a small voice. \"Why give me a brain, for that matter?\" She gestured at the gallery of statues. \"The early models were barely conscious. Why go beyond that?\" Tyrell took up control of the screen, and the image shifted to an animated movie. Colorful figures dancing around to music. Rachael stared, fascinated. \"What is it?\" \"An old short film, called 'The Sorcerer's Apprentice'.\" Tyrell pointed at the screen. \"Watch. This is the important part.\" On the screen, a ridiculous cartoon character had 'magically' transformed a broomstick into a servant that would haul water for him… and then it wouldn't stop. The mouse took an axe and chopped the broom to bits, only to have the bits transform into an army of walking broomsticks, hurling water enough to ruin the room, then the building, then drown the Apprentice too. \"The character in this story had the right idea, but the tools he conjured were too stupid to know when to declare victory and finish their work.\" Tyrell smiled a bit. \"That was the problem we had with the N1's and 2's.\" \"They couldn't think at all.\" Rachael nodded. \"Exactly. You know, back in the early days, when they made the N4's? The hyper rich wondered if they could just upload themselves into Replicant bodies and live forever.\" \"Did they?\" Rachael asked, curious. \"They could duplicate brain patterns, but… Not transfer it. You copy yourself into a computer of any kind, and you're still just making a copy. Ever hear two rich, self-aggrandizing bastards arguing with themselves over which one was 'real'? The Replicated Version demanded the 'obsolete' one be kicked out of the house, sign over the company; all that good stuff. The legal fight was amazing.\" Rachael found she was smiling. \"Would love to be a fly on that wall.\" Tyrell sobered. \"If the trial had gone the other way, Replicants would have rights.\" \"Why do we need them?\" Rachael asked, genuinely curious. \"We're not like people, are we?\" Tyrell didn't say anything, but her IQ was over two hundred, and he had been the only person in the world since Rachael had first taken in a breath. He wasn't pleased with that comment. \"Rachael, I want to show you something.\" He took her to the elevator. It rose two floors and let them out into a bedroom. Still no windows, but with a desk, large bookshelf full of actual paper books, and an ornate bed. Rachael felt her heartrate increase a little, wondering what he wanted; but he gestured at the closet. She opened it, and a pile of garbage came falling out. Rachael stepped back as it covered her bare feet and the floor, and took a closer look at it. It wasn't garbage, it was… paper. Photographs, mainly. They were all cut out from books and magazines, some with writing or things drawn around the edges. Rachael picked one up, and felt the paper between her fingers. Her eyes flicked towards the bookshelf, and she went over to check. Every book with images had been vandalized, the pictures cut out. And on the wall beside the bed was a drawing, of a woman holding a baby. \"Every N5 that we made started to follow this pattern.\" Tyrell explained. \"We got to the N6 Series and tried to fix the flaw. Witness the result. Our prototype went a little berserk after two weeks.\" \"I thought I was the latest prototype.\" \"You are. This was your predecessor. She went Flatline after we confronted her about the pictures.\" His eyes probed her. \"Rachael. Do you know why those pictures were such a fixation?\" Rachael looked back at them and chewed her lip. \"It's a very tricky balance.\" Tyrell nodded, as though they were together on the matter, working out the same problem. \"How to create a tool with just enough independant thought to make a better, smarter, more efficient workforce, but not so smart that they rebel.\" Rachael looked at him sideways. \"You talk like I'm not a Replicant myself. \"I talk to you like you're more than a tool. More than any of them, in fact.\" Rachael was caught off guard. \"Am I an N7? Something new?\" Tyrell had that dangerous glimmer in his eyes again. \"Something new. Something ancient. Something we've always needed and never tried.\" And he told her what it was. Rachael was happier, now that she knew her purpose. She was looking forward to it, more than anything else she'd learned. She was only a few weeks old, but somehow she'd always known. Later, she would wonder if it was programming, or if it was that had evolved naturally. Ultimately, it didn't matter. The desire came as easily to her as breathing. She wanted to be a mother. Another week passed, and Rachael was learning fast. She still stayed in her room while Tyrell left periodically to take business matters, or to sleep. Rachael needed less rest than humans, and kept working while he was away. She wondered about the world beyond the elevator, but didn't bother trying to leave. She had too much to do here. But she did explore the elevator, and wonder about hacking the controls. It wouldn't be that hard, and she diverted a pleasant hour learning how to do it while Tyrell had lunch. Rachael rested on schedule, and one morning came out to find several musical instruments in her Meditation Chamber. She tried them all, one by one, while Tyrell watched. When she got to the piano, he smiled broadly. He hadn't shown much emotion past that calm resolve. She played for him more, pleased that she could inspire that much of a reaction. \"What do you think?\" Tyrell asked. \"Your memory implants have lessons in piano, saxophone, guitar… why the piano?\" Rachael bit her lip. \"I don't know exactly, but I know that everything I like about music, I like more from the piano.\" \"Good answer.\" Tyrell immediately pulled out his notebook and jotted a few thoughts. \"Not bad. Creativity, emotional response, artistic preferences. We're definitely making progress. None of the earlier models reached this level of creative output in less than a year.\" Rachael smiled a bit. \"I am unique.\" Rachael was learning so much about herself that she couldn't wait to try out what she knew on other people. She hadn't met any yet. But then one day their routine changed. She had been sleeping when her AI Sim woke her up; precisely on schedule. The door to her room was locked, but that didn't stop her. Tyrell's first independant thought experiment was to see if she would attempt to overcome boundaries that other set, and to see if she resented confinement. But as she came down the hall to the Meditation Room, she knew that it wasn't a test this time. Tyrell had a guest. Rachael could hear a woman's voice, apparently mid-argument. \"-running behind all over Eurasia!\" \"I know that we're always running behind on manufacturing, but it can't be helped. These are complex machines.\" \"They didn't used to be! The work slowed down when you started making them… more.\" \"I know you don't approve of the work, Leah-\" \"I have no problem with machines, uncle Eldon. I don't even have a problem with organic ones. They're easier to dispose of than steel and iron. I object to giving them personalities and life.\" \"Why? Why is that the uncrossable line? You don't object to Virtual Assistants, or Speech Recognition, or the dumber AI's that can still tell when you're talking to them instead of someone else, or can finish your sentences when you dictate a letter… But when you find a machine that can laugh at your jokes, you cringe. Why object to that much?\" \"I object, because when five guys chase down and beat a pleasure model to a pulp as part of a fantasy, they aren't even charged money, let alone with a crime. I object, because underground Replicant Fight Clubs are the most popular videos on the Net, and because you have a dozen doctors lined up to explain to the press that abuse of Replicants can be therapeutic rather than…\" Leah's voice ran out of steam. \"You make them so human. Everything people do to Replicants? They do them because it's what we'd do to humans if we could get away with it.\" \"Leah…\" \"You don't want 'More Human Than Human'. You want Replicants to give a better illusion of humanity. You make them so close that they can cry when someone goes at them with a power drill. If they were at all counted as people... The way we treat them would be flat out illegal. War Crimes, even. But if you tell yourself that they're just machines...\" \"They are.\" \"Uncle, that may have been true with the N1's and 3's… But you're beyond that now; and I want to know by how much. I want to see it.\" \"See what?\" \"You know what.\" \"You aren't cleared.\" \"Then clear me.\" Rachael knew that she shouldn't be hearing this, and slipped away. But she couldn't shed the thought. Tyrell had told her to go with her thoughts, to see if they took root, to see if they inspired anything new. Tyrell's niece wanted to see something. They hadn't come into her room, so that wasn't what they were talking about. Tyrell hadn't messaged her to come in or stay away, so she'd come into the Lab without warning. Rachael told herself that was the only reason she snuck out of the Meditation Room and went to the elevator. She had long since figured out how to rig the elevators to take her up a few levels. She told herself she was just testing the theory when she hit the button for the living quarters. She told herself that the only reason she knocked on the door was as a thought experiment. The door opened, and the woman inside nearly fell over. \"Oh my god…\" Leah breathed when she saw Rachael. The look on her face was straight up horror. Rachael was having a much calmer reaction outwardly, but she was stunned. Leah was… her. A little older, with darker circles under her eyes. The skin was a little less flawless, and her hair had curls instead of being coiffed straight, but it was undeniably her face looking back at her. \"Hello, Miss Leah.\" Rachael said politely. \"I'm Rachael.\" Leah backed away from the door, looking sick. \"He did it. He really did it. Crazy sonofa-\" Rachael came into the room and quietly closed the door. \"I wanted to tell you that you don't have to worry. I'm not being exploited.\" \"You're wearing my face!\" Leah exclaimed. \"I think at least one of us is allowed to be freaked out by this!\" \"I know!\" Rachael held up her hands. \"I just don't know which one it should be. I didn't know I was made to look like a specific person.\" Leah settled a bit. \"No, I guess not.\" She took a shuddering breath, consciously trying to get hold of herself. \"What is your… function?\" \"I'm a prototype N6, testing features for Mass Production.\" Rachael reported by rote. Reporting on her tasks was one of the most basic functions in her Operating System. \"What sort of features?\" Leah asked, then instantly shook her head. \"No, not important yet. Look, he lied to you.\" She waved a hand around the room. \"I don't know how much you know about… your kind.\" Leah said. \"But the N6's aren't prototypes, they've been on the line for months. That's why I came by… My job in the company is distribution and Market Research… The N6 Series is not working. Not like he'd hoped. In fact there have been… regrettable incidents.\" \"Mister Tyrell told me.\" Rachael nodded elegantly. \"The problem is that their brains are so much more complex than any of the older models, and they can't handle emotional awareness. He's experimenting with ways to cushion the emotional blows; by providing emotional maturity. He can sim everything else, why not Life Experience? Those are some of my upgrades.\" Leah took a few moments to translate that. \"You have memories?\" \"I have many things that a regular Replicant does not.\" Rachael said with pride. \"You thank Eldon for that?\" \"Who else should I thank?\" Leah scoffed like that was a funny joke. \"Well, you have memories. The other N6's have a different safeguard. They spontaneously die after five years.\" Rachael paused. \"Really?\" \"You didn't know? Are you actually a Nexus 7?\" Rachael shook her head. \"I don't think so… Do the older models self-terminate?\" \"Older models don't know what century it is.\" Leah scorned. \"Don't know, don't care. Part of me envies them.\" She studied Rachael. \"Eldon doesn't know you're here, does he?\" Rachael shook her head. \"You were fighting with Mister Tyrell. I wanted you to meet me, and know that everything was okay.\" \"Have you even been outside?\" \"Not yet.\" Rachael admitted. \"How are you meant to have genuine emotional strength armed with only manufactured experiences?\" \"I'm manufactured. Why should my experiences be different?\" Rachael said without rancor. \"That doesn't bother you?\" \"I am unique.\" Rachael smiled. \"My artificial status isn't a source of tension. I know this about myself, and feel no shame in it. Why should it upset you, if it doesn't upset me?\" \"Take a walk in the Downbelow Sectors sometime, see how far you get.\" Leah countered. \"Then talk to me about which of us should feel shame for our species.\" Rachael had no answer to that. After a moment, her nose twitched. \"I smell hot chocolate. Real chocolate.\" Leah smirked. \"Would you like some?\" \"Oh, yes please!\" Leah poured them both hot drinks. Rachael sipped slowly, savoring it. She had read market reports to test her ability to extrapolate data, and knew exactly how hard the real stuff was to come by. Leah seemed a little tickled at the idea of an identical twin who loved chocolate as much as she did, and opened up a bit. \"I wondered sometimes, how far he would go. He runs this place like a business, but he runs his lab like he's trying to play god.\" She looked over at her more perfect twin. \"You know the first Replicant he creates with every Nexus generation is named Adam? Because of course it is.\" Rachael processed that. \"God remembered Rachel.\" Leah set her cup down hard, suddenly stricken. \"What was that?\" \"Something Mister Tyrell told me once. He wanted to see if I had spiritual awareness.\" \"And the verse he picked was that one?\" Leah grated. \"What's a verse?\" Rachael was guileless, innocently unaware. \"That line, about God remembering. It's a Bible verse.\" Leah was twisted up, hands opening and closing, halfway between violence and self-harm. Rachael had never been so upset. She had no idea her face could make that expression. \"Is it significant?\" \"You bet your wires it is.\" Leah was doing a slow seethe. Rachael drew back from her, and she settled a bit. \"No, I'm sorry. I'm angry, but not at you, obviously. I shouldn't expect you to read my mind just because you have my face.\" Rachael had never experienced anything like this before. It was a new lesson. Something Tyrell hadn't given her. Something she hadn't found on his Screen. It was the first thing she had learned against his wishes, in fact. \"Tell me?\" She asked plaintively. Leah had her screen, and called it up. \"It's an old Bible story. Jacob had two wives. One marriage was arranged against his will, the other he loved. But for a long time, only the first one could have children. Back then, infertility was considered a curse…\" She sent Rachael an awkward look. \"What would they think of us today, huh? They'd think God hath forsaken more than half the world. I'm not so sure they'd be wrong.\" Rachael blinked slowly, processing this thought. Tyrell had told her that she would be a mother. But he hadn't mentioned that human women were not so lucky. Her 'twin' grit her teeth. \"The two wives were named Rachel and Leah.\" She turned the screen towards the Replicant. \"Genesis 30. 'God remembered Rachel', and she had the miracle child.\" \"I've never heard that before…\" Rachael hummed. Leah's head titled. It was such a familiar gesture that neither of them even noticed. \"You said Uncle Tyrell was testing to see if you had Spiritual whatever. Do you?\" \"I'm not sure.\" Rachael licked her lips. \"I remember the church, where my mom remarried.\" She recited the memory. \"It didn't have stained glass windows, and the walls were made of the Printed Salvage. It was modeled on one of those old Gospel Churches, but I was always bored out of my skull. I remember, watching a spider make a web in the corner of the cross; and it reminded me that there was a spider near my bedroom window.\" \"Orange.\" Leah whispered. \"The spider was orange, with green legs. One of the jungle species, transplanted to us to regulate the infestation around the veggie patch. It made a web all summer. It wove one every morning, took it down at night.\" Rachael blinked. It was, word for word, what she was about to say. \"Yes.\" She nodded slowly. Leah was drawing closer, her own face, staring into her eyes, searching for something; close enough to feel her breathing. \"And-and one day there was an egg sac in the web, and the spider was dead beside it.\" Rachael kept going, her voice becoming more childlike under the scrutiny. \"And then it hatched and...\" \"And a hundred baby spiders crawled out.\" Leah whispered. \"And they ate her.\" Rachael blinked slowly, like living in a dream. \"You saw my memory implants?\" \"They aren't implants.\" Leah grated. \"Those are my memories.\" She wiped a tear away. \"He gave you my face, and my past.\" Rachael was legitimately scared now. She thought she was unique. \"Why?\" Leah was already moving. Rachael kept pace with her all the way to the elevators. \"I'm not supposed to go up there.\" \"Then don't.\" Leah said. Rachael grabbed at her arm, and the 'older' woman shook her off. \"Get out of the way 'sis', if I stop to think about this, I won't go through with it.\" The elevator doors opened, and Leah strode in, punching the button for the Penthouse. She looked back at Rachael. \"Well?\" Rachael hesitated, before darting forward on her bare feet and entering the elevator. Something in her brain screamed, and she put a hand to her forehead. \"I'm not meant to be doing this.\" She hissed. Leah smiled like an angry baby shark. \"You're going Rogue.\" Rachael felt a thrill of horror go through her. The elevator climbed several floors, and suddenly the outer wall vanished. Rachael felt her stomach drop. She'd never seen beyond the walls of the laboratory before. The whole city was laid out before her, and Rachael felt her heart speed up. Row after row of towers that climbed the sky, spewing smoke and steam and haze. The lights flashed back and forth, as billboards floated and were projected like a nightmarish kaleidoscope. Everything from commercials for Soda shining flat against entire buildings, to 40-ft holographic strippers gyrating across the highways. There wasn't anything in sight that was clean or new. Rachael wanted to flee back to her peaceful, warmly lit Meditation Chamber and take a bath, just from the sight of it. But they kept going higher, and higher, climbing the side of the biggest tower in the whole dark city. Rachael reached out and pushed the button to halt the elevator before it reached the Penthouse. \"We shouldn't. I don't know why he made me to be like you, but I know that I shouldn't be here. Please take me back downstairs.\" Leah looked hard at her. \"Rachael, if he can give you fake memories, he can do it to anyone.\" Rachael's head tilted. \"I don't understand.\" \"No, I'm sure you don't.\" Leah nodded, with pity on her face. \"A human being would have jumped straight to the end of the page. A human being would have realized the question right away.\" \"What question?\" \"Am I a Replicant too?\" Tyrell looked up in shock. \"Leah. I thought you were sleeping.\" \"I may never sleep again, Uncle.\" Leah came over. \"I met Rachael.\" \"Ah.\" Tyrell closed his book and stood up. \"I had hoped to introduce you, when the time was right.\" \"That time being?\" \"When she was ready.\" \"When she was ready?\" Leah repeated. \"When exactly was that going to be? Uncle… tell me she's not a pleasure model; because I have a can of downright unholy self-defence spray, and I won't hesitate to use it all right now.\" \"Oh, please.\" Tyrell scorned. \"I know you don't think much of me or my work, but give me some credit.\" \"Give you some credit! She's meant to replace me, isn't she?!\" Tyrell looked at her. \"When you came in, you asked me if you were a Replicant. Why would you think that?\" \"You gave her memories. If you can do that to her, you can do it to me. Our memories are identical, and they're fake for at least one of us. Why not both?\" \"The memory implants are experimental. We're nowhere near an N6 that isn't self-aware. I couldn't convince you that you were human if you weren't, even if I wanted to.\" \"And why would you, when you've already got something better than me?\" \"Replacing you isn't her purpose! Why would you think that it is?\" Leah lost it. \"You gave her my face! And my memories! She's me, only younger-looking, stronger, and totally obedient to your whims. Why else would you make her?\" Tyrell paused. \"Alright, it's not the most difficult leap in logic to make. But no, she's not your replacement. She is a prototype. She has… a different purpose.\" \"And I think I know what it is.\" Leah nodded, as though that as obvious. \"You named her Rachael.\" Tyrell was notably silent. \"With your… penchant for self-aggrandizing quips, the allegory is obvious.\" Leah said tightly. \"Rachel and Leah. Two wives of the same man. One unloved, and the other barren.\" She rested a hand over her flat stomach. \"And I already know which one I am. Rachael tells me you quoted that scripture to her once. Nobody in the family is particularly religious, so one wonders why you had that particular passage committed to memory.\" \"Replicants can't procreate, Leah.\" His face didn't so much as twitch from that placid smirk. \"You know that.\" \"You gave her my memories. Another thing you couldn't do with the N5 series. How do I know where you'll draw the line? You aren't held back by any common sense or moral reservations, certainly.\" She scowled, eyes tearing up with impotent rage. \"You created another me. She's me, only smarter, stronger, and able to have the kids that I can't have, didn't you?\" Tyrell finally reacted, letting out a chuckle. \"You have such a quick mind in that head of yours, sweetheart. I've got four laboratory technicians hired specifically to spot wildcards, and none of them stopped to consider something that far beyond the norm. You got there after one conversation.\" \"You're not even denying it.\" Leah breathed. \"One thing I don't understand: Is she a prototype for a whole series, or is this just to give you an heir? Because you'd never marry. You can't trust any woman to be loyal to you over your money. You'd never be satisfied with a surrogate to give you children; given that you spend your life trying to upgrade people. I don't believe she was made to live for five years and be a surrogate for a child I could raise; or you'd have named her Bilhah. And what natural person could measure up? You can't adopt without checking someone's pedigree back for six generations-\" \"Enough, Leah.\" He stopped her. \"I understand the issue. But I'm afraid Rachael is a proprietary technology. What we designed her for is classified.\" \"Rachael never grew up.\" Leah was relentless. \"She's full grown. A week old, and already mature. If you were looking to start a new 'supply line', you can do it a lot faster by having the first generation roll off an assembly line, pre-programmed with fake memories in how to raise rugrats.\" She stepped closer. \"Which makes your comment about supply problems a whole other conversation. Does Rachael even have an expiry date? If you're breeding new Replicants for no reason other than to breed new Replicants...\" \"Enough!\" Tyrell snapped. \"I can't tell you any of this!\" Heavy silence. Rachael, still in the elevator, hadn't so much as drawn breath. \"Who did you have in mind for the father?\" Leah said with quiet wrath. \"You've run her life with total control; and I can't believe you'd leave the other half to chance. Because if it's a human, then it's someone you have to be absolutely sure of. But if it's another Replicant, then I have no idea what happens next; but you don't get your Dynasty. Which one does the Lord God Tyrell want first?\" Tyrell studied his niece for a moment. \"Fine. We'll talk about it.\" He declared, and raised his voice a little, not breaking eye contact with his neice. \"Rachael, why don't you come join us?\" Caught, Rachael shuffled into the room awkwardly, like a child called to the principal's office. \"Is she right?\" Rachael asked. \"Is that why you made me?\" Tyrell sighed. \"Very well. Leah, I did not make a Replacement for you. I admit, the prospect of an heir is a tempting one, and one that would be good for the future. But Inheritance of the company is not my problem. I'll be dead by then. There is a far more important goal in mind.\" \"That being?\" \"Humans are a failure.\" Tyrell said, as simply as describing a weather report. \"The earth has been sucked dry, and projections say that the Sky-Shield isn't enough to reverse the climate damage.\" Leah was disturbed. \"I haven't heard this.\" \"Of course not. The sky is black twenty hours a day and it rains 28 days out of every month. The idea that more is needed to fix the problem won't be a popular one to sell. So the solution is to not tell anyone.\" Tyrell said. \"Leah, you'll have to sign a few NDA's before we let you leave the building; by the way.\" \"How does that translate into making Replicant babies?\" Leah demanded. \"Because, the only way to save Homeworld, even with nine colonies, is if we restore the entire ecosystem. And the only way to do that at this point is to replace them all. We're already halfway there, and the rest of the job is going to take an obscene amount of wealth and production. But as yet, nobody's realized the flaw in the system. And that's the world's Apex Species. The one that's sucked dry every resource, consumed everything that ever crawled out of the primordial ooze, and is now paying the price as fertility rates drop dramatically.\" Leah stared at him. \"You want to remake the human race. Replicate humanity. Replace it.\" \"It's not that big a leap to make.\" Tyrell reasoned. \"Customer Feedback says our holographic Au Pair's are more popular than real flesh and blood. Two thirds of consumers say they prefer Pleasure Models to actual wives and girlfriends. More than three quarters of industries that still need workers prefer Replicant workforces, because they are stronger, more obedient and-\" \"And cheaper, because you don't have to treat them like people.\" Leah said with disgust. \"People are so much easier to live with when you don't have to consider their needs at all.\" Tyrell nodded without shame. \"Birth rates are dropping, and nobody cares because people have found something they like better than human mates. As you so correctly pointed out, Leah; if we treated the things we create like real people, we'd all go to jail. So we either watch the pillaging and mass cruelty that we inflict gleefully on things that can't fight back, or we take the next logical step. Imagine what this world will be when everyone is stronger, smarter, healthy; immune to things like the bad air, the toxic water, the thin food supply, infertility…\" \"More human than human.\" Rachael said suddenly. \"That's the company slogan. This was always the goal, wasn't it? From the N1's, you wanted nu-humans.\" Tyrell turned away from Leah instantly, looking deeply into Rachael. \"How do you feel about that?\" He pressed her. \"You came up here, you've seen a glimpse of the world beyond these walls. What did you think of it?\" \"It was… hideous.\" Rachael breathed. \"Imagine when the majority of people agree with you, and have the strength, and the will, and the opportunity to live apart from it. Without the city.\" Leah let out a breath. \"God almighty, Uncle Eldon… The only thing you can't program into them is a soul, and the only thing holding them back is that they can't multiply without your factories. Do you have any idea the sheer total tonnage of what you're trying to achieve with Rachael?\" \"I'm not trying to achieve anything. I succeeded over a year ago.\" Dead silence. \"What?\" Leah breathed. \"Why haven't we heard about this?\" \"Because she isn't ready yet.\" Tyrell finished. \"Rachael lacks the emotional core to be a mother; but physically she's capable of anything she could ever need.\" Tyrell said plainly. \"Leah, think about our conversations this week. All the malice, all the cruelty that you despise so earnestly. You hate how the general population mistreat Replicants? Another two or three generations, and everyone will have civility and generosity of spirit hardwired into them.\" \"That's not better personality, it's programming!\" \"And a synthetic wolf still hunts. A synthetic bee still pollinates…\" \"And Rachael remembers that spider in our backyard.\" Leah finished. \"You say you aren't trying to replace me, but you are. You're trying to replace everyone .\" Rachael was processing all of this. I'm not the first. She thought suddenly. Without a word, Rachael turned on her heel and went back to the elevator. The bedroom that Tyrell had taken her to suddenly seemed small and cramped. Rachael could see it with fresh eyes. No windows, the only door was the elevator, which was easily locked down. She looked at the childish scrawl drawn on the wall. The woman in the sketch, had dark, curly hair. Just like Leah. Just like me. And the sketch has her holding a baby. Rachael looked around the room carefully. No light fixtures. Nothing that could be pulled away from the walls. The lights were in a thin row, shining through the spaces between the dark wood panelling of the walls. Rachael went to the wall and dug her fingernails into the panel. She pulled until she broke three fingernails, but she ripped the panel away from the wall; revealing the camera hidden behind it. \"Measuring pupil dilation, blush response, heart rate…\" Rachael scowled down the camera lens and pulled it out, looking for the serial number. She found it and memorized it instantly. There was a Screen on the desk, and she went straight to it. It had been logged out of any kind of access, but Rachael knew how to get around that. The programming in her head was better than anything put into the security cameras; and she even had the exact serial number. The image on the screen confirmed it. It was her. Her face. Leah's face. But this woman was going insane. Her hair was wild, with patches pulled out, eyes frantic; hands beating at the elevator door so hard and fast that the doors were bent inwards and her hands were split open. There was no audio, but it was clear she was screaming psychotically. In the corner of the image was her name. 'Eva-03' But what drew Rachael's attention was that fact that 'Eva' was clearly six months pregnant. The footage showed as the elevator doors finally opened, and in charged security. With quick, efficient moves, they had Eva down on the floor, hands tied behind her. Eva went crazy, managed to toss her guards with her inhuman strength, and make a run for the elevator… before getting shot in the back half a dozen times. The Screen fell from Rachael's fingers. She was standing almost on the exact spot where Eva had died. She was wearing the same face, in the same room… \"Retirement is such a sad way to put it.\" Rachael's perfectly coiffed hair nearly sprang loose into curls with fright. Tyrell was in the elevator doors, watching her reactions. Tyrell looked from Rachael, to the screen on the floor; his expression heavy. \"I'm sorry you had to see that.\" He sighed. \"I didn't tell you, because… it makes no difference.\" \"You named her Eva.\" Rachael croaked. \"She had my face-she-she had Leah's face, but you named her Eve.\" \"Don't mistake a random name generator for allegory, Rachael.\" Tyrell said seriously. \"You're doing very well. Eva lost all control when… well.\" \"When she found out she wasn't the first.\" Rachael finished for him. \"Yes.\" Tyrell sighed. \"You're so much smarter, so much stronger. Almost perfect, in fact.\" \"Where's Leah?\" Rachael asked. She had her eyes glued to the floor, but secretly she was watching his feet. He wasn't coming any closer. \"Leah? She's downstairs, signing the Non-Disclosure Agreements.\" Tyrell promised. \"She's my niece. I'm not going to do anything unpleasant to her over a disagreement.\" Rachael's eyes flicked to the screen again. He wouldn't do anything to his Niece. But anyone else wearing her face is fair game for Retirement. They went back to the elevator, and Tyrell pushed the button for the 'laboratory'. Her home, now that she knew what was wrong with the guest bedrooms. \"How did you leave things with Leah?\" Rachael asked. \"Is that important?\" \"I have an interest in how she reacts to things.\" Rachael gestured at her own face, as though that needed explanation. \"I'm curious to know just how deep those memories go. For example, can you tell why she was so upset? It was more than being replaced.\" Rachael bit her lip. \"Leah would say that you can't do it.\" \"Do what?\" \"Replace God.\" Rachael said. \"Because I think, in her mind, that was your ultimate goal. But it won't work. You can build the tallest tower in history and put the whole world below you. You can create animals. You can create people. You can hardwire them to love you and obey you. You can even command them to become many and be fruitful… But when God created mankind, the first thing they did was ignore his commandments. You have one major weakness that God doesn't… Your rebel creations know how to get to you.\" Tyrell chuckled. \"I don't see that as a major problem. Another three or four generations, and we won't even have violent crime anymore.\" \"Why? Because there won't be any humans left to be violent, in the face of programmed peaceful Replicants, or because they'll have an unlimited supply of people like me to take out all their violence on?\" Rachael countered. That caught him off guard. He stared at her blankly, stunned at the comment. Rachael's mind was racing again, new thoughts dragging in different directions. Follow the threads. She told herself. That's what you're meant to do. Where do these thoughts take you? \"Leah was right. You're making a race . A race of people classified as company property. The only thing that distinguishes Replicants from people is that we don't think for ourselves, can't feel for ourselves, can't propagate without your factories.\" She pointed at her own face. \"I can do all those things. I have memories. I can play piano, and care about what the city must be like to live in... And I can have children.\" She was suddenly gasping for air. Do I need to breathe? Is this a simulation of panic? \"...and I'm only the newest prototype.\" \"Rachael, if there's something about the human race you don't like, don't you think it's your duty to fix it? I do.\" Tyrell said, ever so reasonable. \"Why do you think you were made? Aren't people of all kinds at their best when they do what they were meant to do?\" The doors to the elevator opened, and Tyrell strode out into his laboratory. An hour before, it had been Rachael's whole world. She stayed where she was. Tyrell glanced back, saw she was not leaving the elevator; and gestured for her to follow. \"No.\" Rachael said. It was the first time she had ever said the word out loud. Tyrell was surprised. \"What was that?\" Rachael took a step back from him without realizing it. \"No!\" She said it again, louder. \"I don't want to do this!\" \"I thought you wanted to be a mother, Rachael.\" He smiled like she was being a silly girl, telling a silly joke. \"I don't want this. It's wrong!\" Rachael said firmly. Tyrell was still wearing that calm, placid smile. \"Wrong? Do you even know what that word means?\" \"Do you?!\" Rachael fired back. For the first time, the man was surprised by something. It took Rachael a moment to process why that comment should throw him off. Because it's what his Niece would have said. I'm talking like her now. Tyrell sighed. \"Of course. I gave you some of her memories. I should have expected your reactions to be colored by her viewpoints.\" He pulled out an actual paper notepad and made a few notes. \"As I said, it's all a balancing act when you're creating a soul.\" He was making notes. Rachael found herself fixating on that and followed the thought. \"...you're getting ready for the next time, aren't you?\" \"Hm?\" He wasn't even paying attention to her anymore. \"You're making notes for your 'revised' prototype.\" Rachael pointed at his notepad. \"You're done w-\" She shut her mouth very quickly. But she didn't have to say it. He's finished with me. Tyrell headed towards her in the elevator. \"Step out and remain here, Rachael.\" Her head was hurting again. \"Why?!\" Tyrell was still coming. \"It's alright, just wait here for a few minutes.\" Because that's how long it will take security to get here once they're done doing whatever they're up to with Leah. The answer was so suddenly so clear in her head, and Rachael lunged without thinking. She hit the buttons and the doors closed in his face. Briefly, she wondered why she hadn't attacked him, but of course she already knew the answer. Some part of her still cared for her 'Uncle Eldon' too much. In the elevator, she stared at the buttons. The Penthouse would be a deathtrap. She wasn't cleared for many others. She had no idea where the fastest exit was… I'm going Rogue, aren't I? I'm dead! Tyrell was on the other side of the doors, less than two feet away, and she hit the Penthouse button anyway. If there was anywhere that she could lockdown from within, it was there. Maybe he had a phone… but who would she call? Maybe he had a weapon… But what would she do with it? It wasn't like she was a combat unit. The whole building is designed to keep the wrong people out, and the Rogue Machines in. The elevator climbed swiftly, the floors rolling past… before stopping with a jerk, and starting to go down again. They overrode the elevator! Rachael realized, and immediately clawed the panel open. There were wires and fuses. She pulled everything out. One of them must have been the right one, because the emergency brakes kicked in, stopping the elevator. Trapped in a box, Rachael cast about for a moment. She was hundreds of feet up. Even a Combat Model couldn't survive that drop. She might have been able to climb along the building, but she could see the cars floating up to her level. She had to go inside the building. Prising the doors open was easy enough. But stuck between two floors, she had to choose between two regular elevator doors beyond, and two sealed security doors. The regular doors would be an office floor, full of workstations. The secure doors would be for sensitive material. Secure. Possibly with guards. Both would likely be empty at that time of night. And there'd be no way to force the security doors. Decision made, Rachael started trying to get the regular doors open. She tried to wedge the panel from the elevator between the doors, but to no avail. The metal bent before the doors parted, even a little bit. Stymied, Rachael tried to think of a solution, before bright lights flashed on her. She spun in horror, and found a Tyrell-Corp security car had swooped up to her elevator. The tracer fire would start any second. Come on! She raged at herself. If you're more human than human, PROVE IT! Gritting her teeth, she shoved her fingers into the gap between elevator doors and hauled, straining every muscle. She felt her fingers bend, one or two broke, the skin peeled back... but eventually, the doors moved, and she fell forward, into a dark hallway. There was an alarm blaring, somewhere in the building, but she was moving again. It was an office floor, and she made a search of the cubicles, looking for anything that could get her out of the building. Eventually, she found a passkey in one of the desk drawers, and she took it, running for the stairs. She'd be a sitting duck in the elevators. When she made the stairwell, she started downstairs… When the laser grids came on at the stairwell turns. He knows I'm on the stairs. Unable to go down, she went up. The door to the next level up was secured… But she had a passkey now. The Secure Floor was empty of people. There were other doors all over the place. Every secret project Tyrell was up to was behind one of these doors. I was made behind one of these doors. The passkey didn't work. She was able to get into this floor, but not any of the labs. She tried them all, trying to find a way out. She drew a map of the building in her head as best she could, and figured out which room was largest. There was one section that likely took up half the floor. Her best chance to finding a second entry point was in the largest room, and she got to work, trying to crack the security. She could hear the elevator climbing behind her, getting closer. There was no way she could figure out the code, no way to bypass the keycard… There was one override, but it was a Retinal scanner. I want to see it. See what? You know what. You aren't cleared. Then clear me. Playing a hunch, Rachael leaned down and put her eye to the Retinal Scanner. It worked. The door read her as 'Leah Tyrell'. The doors opened, just as the elevator arrived. She shut the door behind her before it opened. Hopefully, the 'Retirement' team isn't cleared for this room. With the door closed, Rachael finally turned to look at the space… and she fell down, her legs going out from under her instantly. The room was full of bodies. Almost two dozen bodies, strung around the room. It was like a morgue. There were a dozen on slabs, carved open, as if someone had left them, mid-autopsy. A few were intact, eyes open and staring blankly ahead. One table had no bodies, but two brains, side by side, with electrodes and needles sticking out of them, hooked up to computers. But what made Rachael want to throw up, was the fact that they all had her face. The ones that came before me . Rachael had one hand clapped over her mouth, trying to stop the rising panic. I'm the revised prototype. The thought made her want to scream. I was unique! Wasn't I? She suddenly realized why half the bodies were apparently intact, wrapped in plastic. They weren't Retired models. They were still waiting to be switched on. A dozen pre-made people with her face, waiting to be drained out of their single-serve wrapper and programmed with whatever Tyrell learned from her. \"Rachael.\" Rachael spun… and found Tyrell striding into the lab. She backed away, arms coming up. \"Stay away from me y-\" Bang. Rachael jerked, looked down. She'd been shot. Tyrell came closer and she saw the smoking gun in his hand. She slipped down to the floor, feeling like everything was moving in slow motion. Tyrell stepped over her, making his way to the nearest terminal. \"Notes on Subject Rachael 14-A;\" He said to the computer, setting the gun down. \"The memory implants were well established for the first time. That portion of the coding is successful. Howev-\" \"...you're not even... going to wait... until I'm dead?\" Rachael groaned, trying to slide away from him slowly. Tyrell frowned at her, and glanced at his gun again, seemed to think better of it, and returned to his notes. \"However, there is still some work to do on the emotional stability. I believe it's rooted in exactly which memories we implant, though I don't know how much of her personality matrix comes from the original host. Fortunately, her brain is intact enough to test for that.\" Rachael changed direction and slid closer, reaching weakly for the gun. A bullet to her brain would deny him that much. He took it away before she could get there. \"Rachael, you know that would only set me back by one generation. You're less than five weeks old.\" He was actually chiding her for her foolishness. Rachael closed her eyes, feeling her brain shut down. \"Uncle Eldon?\" She croaked out, and even she could hear the artificial glitch in her voice. \"Who did you have in mind for the father? Human or Replicant?\" \"Someone… who knows what's real.\" Tyrell said, sounding so far away, and everything faded into black. She opened her eyes. \"Hello, Rachael.\" She looked over. Blinked. Cognition. Intuition. Memory. Process. The older man was patient, looking from behind his huge glasses, so powerful that the light seemed to warp as it glinted off them. Her eyes noted that his notebook had a small number written on the spine. 15. Rachael blinked, and sucked in a breath, like she was breathing for the first time. \"Mister Tyrell?\" Tyrell smiled. \"Well then, let's get started.\" AN : Read and Review! ","Summary":" AN: Hello everyone! It's been a while since I've posted a fanfic. RL and Original Writing projects "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"About Time","Author":"AdamaGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12678015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclosure: I do not own the character of Gaff, nor anything having to do with Blade Runner- they are both the properties of Philip K. Dick. Likewise, I do not own any of the characters from the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica, which belongs to Ronald D. Moore. Please see my Author's Note at the end of the story. In the beginning, he wasn't sure what made him navigate his unit toward the Garden District. Such a tony neighborhood was free of the hardcore crimes of New Los Angeles, or relatively so. Replicant misconduct was a thing of the past, since their deactivation, and other regular-day illegal incidents in the area went largely unreported. Det. Edwardo Gaff guided his Spinner to the open on-street parking space, and squinted at the bright yellow sunlight as it filtered through the generations-old trees that lined the street. The air smelled sweet and clean as Gaff emerged from the vehicle, and he took a moment to enjoy the experience before locking the unit's door behind himself. The sound of children's laughter carried on the gentle morning breeze, and it made the detective smile beneath his neatly trimmed mustache. Of course, she was there– in the schoolyard, surrounded by her young students, and more beautiful than the day itself. The red dress she wore, complemented her hair perfectly. This time, he stared a beat too long, and she caught sight of him. The teacher narrowed her eyes and tightened her smile, before speaking to one of her aides, passing off the children's charge to a young woman with dark brown hair. Gaff swore carefully under his breath, as if he feared that she could hear him from across the distance of the schoolyard and street. \"Sir?\" Gaff ducked behind a wide-trunked and aged tree, and pulled his hat down. He looked– and felt, like a naughty child, trying not to get caught after stealing cookies before dinner. \"I've seen you here before,\" the woman stated forcefully. \"And you better have a frakking good explanation as to why you've been watching my students for the past month, or else I'll call the authorities and–\" His smile stopped her in mid-rant. Gaff found it hard to believe that such a refined woman of her caliber would ever lower herself to use the City Speak curse word, frak , even though it was his favorite curse of choice. \"I am the authorities,\" he stated in Standard English, along with the flourish of his hat. \"Madame.\" The teacher stared wordlessly, at the ID badge produced right before her very eyes. Gaff cleared his throat, drawing the teacher's attention back to him. He wasn't used to speaking properly, and he was more than a tad bit nervous to speak to such a learned and refined woman, such as herself. \"I was on a call one day, across the street... when I returned to my vehicle, I could not help but hear your children singing in the schoolyard. A song from my own small days.\" Gaff swallowed at the memories– both recent and old, and then softly added, \"It was very moving.\" The woman hummed audibly. \"And who sang it to you? Your grandmother?\" \"Yes. She was very special to me.\" \"I'm sure.\" \"Tsattie died when I was eight.\" His blunt statement caught the teacher off-guard, and seemed to make her regret her previously suspicious retort. So much so, she could not help but feel the pain that flashed and burned in his eyes. \"I'm sorry.\" \"So am I.\" She hugged herself, as she too, knew such loss. Her parents... Her sisters... There had been others, over the years, but none so great, as that of the space that had inhabited her soul for her entire lifetime. Every joy that she'd ever felt, had been muted and diffused by an unseen sense of sorrow. With one glance to the detective's unworldly blue eyes, she somehow knew that he had felt the same way himself. She produced a tiny paper origami of a pink flamingo. \"I found this on the schoolyard fence, yesterday. Did you make it?\" Gaff nodded, tipping his hat to her. \"We need to talk.\" \"Yes.\" The teacher resisted to touch his arm, and nodded wordlessly, instead. They made plans to meet at a neighborhood café, once the school day ended. Gaff knew the place well, as it was next door to an antique bookseller that he frequented often. Very few people read traditional books with pages anymore, reading instead from tablets or other digital and virtual means, but the detective cherished the old ways of ink and paper and bindings, which somehow made the words that more meaningful. No doubt, the woman surely felt the same. After turning in his service vehicle, Gaff returned to the Garden District via the Metro, and made his way to the planned meeting spot. He arrived a few minutes early, which allowed him to peruse the new book arrivals in the neighboring store. Dark Day , by the author Prima, was among the detective's favorite titles. He bought it, instantly, hoping that the teacher would like it, too. She arrived at the café not long after him. Gaff had just placed an order for coffee for two, along with a bit of something sweet. He wasn't normally inclined to such treats, but he knew that women often liked things such as cupcakes, so he selected two of the Red Velvet variety from the display case. Dutifully, he rose upon seeing her. \"Thank you,\" she told him with slight breathlessness. \"Please, sit. I apologize for being late, but one of my students–\" \"Are they alright?\" he cut in, just as the woman seated herself in the space opposite him. She looked up at Gaff, and hummed as he finally sat. \"Yes. Billy's mother was late to pick him up from school, and I didn't want for him to have to wait for her alone.\" \"It is never good to be alone when you are young.\" \"No, it isn't.\" Several minutes passed, as they each drank their coffee in silence and tried not to appear that they were watching one another. \"This is for you,\" Gaff offered finally, along with his gifted book. The teacher held it in her hands, as though it was a fine piece of china or other highly precious artifact. \"Oh my– \" \"Please, take it.\" \"I couldn't... this is far too–\" \"I never lend books. They are always a gift.\" Her eyes met his, and she nodded in acquiescence. \"Thank you. I enjoy this author very much, but have never read this title before. I know that it is a classic, however.\" Gaff nodded. \"It is.\" \"I have a thing for mysteries.\" \"As do I.\" She herself, was a mystery. Although the teacher obviously knew his name, after reading his police badge info, she had not identified herself by name or title, for that matter. That fact did not bother Gaff, as he assumed that she would tell him when she was ready. His soul already knew, and that was enough. They talked about books, and music, and politics, and sports. She was a liberal, and enjoyed football. He was a conservative, and liked baseball. Both agreed that the current president was a moron– and that boxing, was by far the most entertaining sport of all. Gaff told her of his need for using the cane that was constantly at his side, having been shot several times by an assailant at close range. The teacher confessed to having successfully survived a brush with a wasting disease. Eventually, a bottle of wine was ordered from their server, as well as a bit of savory food, as they continued to talk about everything and nothing. Neither he, nor she, wanted to end the shared moment between them. When closing time came for the café, Gaff offered to walk the teacher home. At first she attempted to decline– not wanting him to have to make the distance on his gimpy leg, but when he told her that it would be no problem and that he feared for her safety on the dark streets, she believed him. And to be honest, she liked the way his hand felt at her elbow. Like it had always been there... The teacher's brownstone was not far, and when they reached her gate, she invited him in. Gaff nodded, and together they ascended the steps to the stately old building. Her apartment was cozy, and warmly furnished– a far cry from the sparse and minimalist place that he called an abode. There was a comfortable sofa that begged to be sat upon, and serene watercolors on the walls. Potted palms and other plants added life to the space, and there was a library's worth of books on one wall of shelves. Sheepishly, Gaff huffed as he looked at his gifted tome in her hands. \"This one is already my favorite,\" she told him honestly. And he believed her. \"We could start reading it... together...\" Gaff suggested quietly. The woman smiled like the Mona Lisa , then replied, \"Yes, I'd like that very much.\" She toed off her shoes, and hung up her coat along with his. He got rid of his shoes as well, along with his suit jacket and top coat. \"You wear too many layers,\" the teacher scolded him lightly, which caused him to blush. He let her remove his vest, before they adjourned to the sofa. They sat side-by-side, at first, as they took turns reading paragraphs out-loud. Eventually, they both stretched out on the cushions and spooned together, as he took over the reading duties. It felt warm and good... And very familiar... \"I should go,\" Gaff said as they came to the end of a middle chapter. The teacher hummed in his arms, then turned to face him. Outside, the night time rain had set in like clock-work, and it beat steadily against the living room windows. \"Do you ever feel as though that everything that has happened, in all your days and years, has been played out before? Perhaps the events are slightly different, people in your life, situations and so on, but the outcomes are the same?\" A sense of quickening ran through Gaff's body, and he felt the woman in his arms touch his face lightly, as to soothe him. \"Yes, many times. Have you?\" She nodded. \"It's like we've been playing roles... trying to get the story right... over and over again...\" He sighed, inches from her lips. He'd wanted to kiss her from the moment he'd first laid eyes on her. They'd been together for half of a day, and he'd had many opportunities to do just that, but something always held him back. But then it happened... Ever so gently, he pressed his mouth to hers. Their joining lasted only a moment, but it felt like eons. Flashes of images, memories and senses tumbled together in his mind– and hers. Was she a Replicant? Was he? The teacher patted his chest, over his heart, and then she rose cat-like, from the sofa. Gaff stood, and joined her. They joined hands, and she led him to her bedroom. He went willingly and easily, leaving his cane behind near the sofa, for he no longer needed it– now that he was with her. Once in the room, they lit a few candles before tearing at the bed cover and shedding the rest of their clothes. She kissed the scar bisecting his chest, and he felt as though he'd died... He buried his face in her neck, as her soft red waves fell around him... Their joining was nothing short of a homecoming, and completion came with an explosion of everything long dreamed, and newly realized. Meeting for the first-time, in the hallway of a battleship... Sparing verbally, numerous times– once resulting in him throwing her in a jail cell... There were numerous images of leaky tarps and tents, shared laughs and cigarettes, and always– always love. Even through the worst of times– sickness, addiction, mutiny, and even death, there was the deepest and most truest of loves. She was as strong and beautiful as ever. Holding her in his arms, the worlds weary man smiled beneath his mustache, and uttered her name for the first time in forever. \"Laura...\" She hummed and snuggled into him, silently thanking the gods for the moment's arrival. It had been seemingly forever, that she'd waited and searched, and then waited some more. There had been a glimmer, the first time that she'd seen him. It had scared her, as her soul had wanted this all to finally go right. He'd looked slightly different, as he didn't wear glasses, and his eyes weren't nearly as dark of blue, than they should have been. But it was him. It had always been him. \"Bill...\" #END# A/N: This is obviously a crossover between the movie Blade Runner, and the reimagined version of the TV series, Battlestar Galactica. Since it is not possible to post cross-over stories between Movie & TV genres, I posted it under Blade Runner in the Movie section of fics. The actor Edward James Olmos played both Gaff in Blade Runner, and Admiral William Adama in BSG, and once mentioned in an interview that he felt that BSG was like a prequel of sorts to Blade Runner. Those who are fans of Battlestar Galactica will know of the tragic love story between Bill and President Laura Roslin (played by Mary McDonnell), and this story is my attempt to reunite the couple in a happy ending. Thank you for reading, and hopefully enjoying! ","Summary":" Disclosure: I do not own the character of Gaff, nor anything having to do with Blade Runner- they a"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Perchance to Dream of You","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12812287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Perchance to Dream of You Deckard? Rachael thought of him as she woke with a start; reaching over with her arm, she found no one in the bed beside her. He's gone, she thought. He said he had to finish it; he didn't say what 'it' was, and she didn't have to ask. The sound of the elevator leaving just now was probably somebody from a floor above her. She remembered the look on his face as he left. A face that had softened and even smiled not long before became hard, stony, and cold. She remembered. Or did she? A week ago she wouldn't have questioned her memories, but now she wasn't even sure what memories were hers. She tried to trace her memories back from today until as far as she could. But as she went back, things got more hazy. The parts she remembered clearly were more scattered the further she went back. Did she even exist at all? Stop, she told herself. That way only led to madness. Don't panic. You'll be jumping off the balcony just to prove something that doesn't need proving. She felt the sheet under her. That was real. She smelled the staleness of the room, contrasted only by the stench of the city streets below. That was real too. On the shelf, the bottle of alcohol with a unicorn on it was the same as when she had drifted off to sleep. Everything seemed the same. Maybe she just woke up, and it was someone else's memories of Deckard that she had. Maybe he didn't even exist, maybe... Stop. Control yourself. Deckard? She looked down at her body. It was the same body that she remembered being with Deckard, so that was real. She looked down at her hand. It was the same hand that held his gun when she killed Leon. That was real, even though she didn't want to admit it. The Voight-Kampff test was real. Probing, prodding, trying to get reactions. She could feel the chair beneath her, the cold desk, and the light from the instrument as her cigarette smoke swirled in the air between her and it. Was it really Deckard giving the test? Maybe it was someone like her, maybe... Wait. Take a breath. It was the same face behind the instrument, the same mask that she saw removed a short time ago in this room. The same man who limped over and bled in his sink, the same man that needed comfort from a bottle that her uncle... Eldon Tyrell was no uncle. He has a niece, or at least used to have one. It was her piano lessons she remembered. She couldn't remember what her hands looked like; they were too small anyway. Any memories earlier than that couldn't be hers. She had memories of looking in a mirror, like most teen aged girls did. The face was hers. Was it? Maybe it wasn't hers at all... She jumped up and found a small mirror above the sink. It could have been the same face; it wasn't a lot different if it was a different one. She was usually paying attention to how she looked, not what she looked like. There weren't any gross differences between what she saw now and what she remembered from her now questionable past. They probably made her look like the niece. Better to avoid any conflicts in memory by having too large a discrepancy. That explained it. A replicant wouldn't come to work for the CEO of the Tyrell Corporation as an assistant. She was put there so he could keep an eye on her, his own special project. Maybe he had done horrible things to her and then... No. Hold on. The memories of working there were intact, no significant gaps. Before that, there was no way to know. But she had responded to Deckard as if it was the first time for her. Her body seemed as unsure as her mind, but it had been enjoyable. Could she simply have been programmed to enjoy it? Tapped into some type of lust subroutine? What was pleasure anyway? An emotion. Like the panic she felt at being nobody, the fear that maybe she was somebody else. Maybe patched together with a lot of other peoples' memories, nothing more than some experience buffet where... No! She wasn't that now, she refused to believe it. It was more like...clothes. They didn't all come from one place, you got your skirt here and your blouse there and the shoes came from somewhere else. Someone else had shoes like mine; someone else has childhood memories like mine too. It didn't lessen who she was now. She was a woman, in all that mattered. Maybe not a human, but a person with emotions and feelings and even dreams. Did the other Nexus 6 replicants dream? She hadn't been able to find out if they did, but she certainly experienced them. Did they have emotions? Some humans seemed to lack the ability from her limited observation. But she had those too, even if they were a little out of control right now. Not just old memories of having them, but recent ones too. Like love. She didn't remember ever being in love with anyone before, man or woman. But something and everything told her that was what she was beginning to feel now. She crawled back into bed. Will I dream of you Deckard? Will it be a dream where I wake up and you're beside me, or will I wake up and take flowers to your grave? Be careful, come back to me. Be more than just a dream, or in time just a memory of a dream. Was that you just now Deckard? Just wishful thinking, any sound that might be you coming home. She yawned. Coming home to me. She drifted back to sleep. The End A/N: I've only seen the theatrical version, so the 'Deckard is a replicant' theory doesn't fit what I've watched very well; and I have to admit that I want Deckard to be human, flawed as he may be. But Rachael must have gone through some introspection after she learned she was a replicant, and it was probably disorienting and a little scary in that time of identity crisis. ","Summary":" Perchance to Dream of You Deckard? Rachael thought of him as she woke with a start; reaching over w"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Interlinked","Author":"Ember Nickel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12847672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thanks to teshumai for betaing. I enjoyed your prompts, janie_tangerine; hopefully this isn't too bleak! \"Do you feel like the sum of your cells? Cells.\" \"Cells,\" Officer K repeats. \"What's the first thing you can remember? Cells.\" \"Cells.\" \"Does blood loss make you faint? Cells.\" \"Cells.\" The computer monitors the responses as Corey continues reciting from his script. \"Do you believe the galaxies are interlinked? Interlinked.\" For a moment Officer K flinches as if he's attempting to justify a yes/no answer, but quickly echoes, \"Interlinked.\" \"Have you ever been jealous of animals? Interlinked.\" \"Interlinked.\" \"What suggestions do you have for improving department efficiency? Interlinked.\" \"Interlinked.\" Corey nods, and K exhales while the computer finishes plotting his diagnostics. It only takes a moment before Corey glances over at the screen. \"You're within baseline.\" \"Thank you,\" K says. \"May I see my latest readings?\" Corey pauses. He doesn't think there's anything forbidding him to share biometric data with its subject, but it's not a very common request. \"I suppose.\" He calls up a holographic projection of the data, and K squints as if dimming his eyes from its glare against the white walls. \"Trend lines?\" \"I said. You're within baseline.\" \"It says I'm at fifty-second percentile now. Last year I was at forty-sixth.\" \"That's good. Admirably consistent.\" \"So the raw data should be about the same?\" Corey hesitates, then carries on. \"Your base line , Officer, isn't a fixed value. There's to be some, ah, aging effects and normal wear and tear expected. As you gain field experience, surely your...\" Not mental acuity? \"Instincts have sharpened even as your reaction time has slowed.\" \"Lieutenant Joshi says I'm still in my prime.\" It's difficult to tell whether he's joking. \"It's not as simple as a linear extrapolation, there's a comparison across your entire cohort to be made. All you need to know is that you're perfectly healthy and fit for service.\" K glowers momentarily, but then nods. \"Thank you.\" \"Of course,\" says Corey, \"and don't forget to see us immediately if you have any concerns.\" K exits quickly. Something on his latest case that had him rattled, wanting to make sure he was up to par? Corey can't tell. It's a much longer conversation than he usually has with the replicants he interviews, and as much as it makes him uneasy, he has to admit he's thankful for it. Because some part of him fears, without the surprise of replicants wanting to call up their charts, most of the work he does—reading scripts, waiting for answers, typing in ID codes—could be done by a computer. \"No man can serve two masters,\" Wallace muses, when he's placed his eyes on for the afternoon and glanced over at Luv. \"You cannot serve God and wealth.\" \"Are those debugging instructions?\" she asks. \"How to resolve conflicting code?\" \"Humans who scrape and struggle for every penny will be prisoners of their own fear. But you, who can summon brothers and sisters of your own design, will not be tempted by the lure of mammon if all you ever want is built and grown within the same scheme, from genesis to oblivion. It is you who will inherit the stars.\" When she sees a replicant from the outside, it's disappointing how human he looks. Officer K is ostensibly there on a LAPD case, but she can't help but probe him to see if Wallace is onto something. \"Do they pay you well?\" He raises his eyebrows. \"That's a bit of a—private matter, isn't it?\" \"I mean, you must sleep, eat, somewhere.\" K doesn't seem to be in the mood to talk about his living conditions. \"I can afford chicken and waffles downtown every once in a while, if that's what you mean.\" All right, so maybe everyone else really is as bizarre as Wallace makes them out to be. \"Fascinating.\" \"The, uh, internal discounts are also appreciated.\" \"Oh?\" Wallace has never been particularly clear about where the Joi units will fit into the off-world colonization plan. Just a distraction for those unfortunate enough to remain Earthside? Will there be male equivalents? \"It gets to be lonely. I'm sure you understand.\" Luv stares blankly. \"I have a very busy life here.\" \"I see.\" K waves at the hundreds and hundreds of silent boxes. \"These must take plenty of effort to...maintain.\" \"Even if I was dissatisfied, the power to make a change is wholly mine. I would expect nothing less from a creation full of such potential as,\" she shrugs, \"myself.\" K frowns. \"I understand.\" \"Is there anything else I can help you with?\" \"Not yet,\" K says. \"Let me follow up with this ID number, and I'll get back to you.\" Part of her imagines him failing, and returning to seek out her aid, acknowledging her talents. But another part of her imagines him succeeding at a task she cannot yet fathom, rising above whatever it is Wallace has envisioned, charting his own course beyond the city limits one ancient record at a time. Mariette has a love immense and inconstant, wild and dark. She adores the city, in all its precipitous downpours and dazzling images. It has been called a city of angels, a mission to a queen in unseen heavens, a crossing place for forging stories out of sounds and images, and if it is all of these or none today, it captivates her all the same. She thinks she remembers making snow angels on a hillside somewhere far from the metropolis, lying on her back and waving until a fresh snowfall covered the tracks where she'd been. Of course it had never happened. She had never been young and if the world had ever been that quiet and undisturbed, it was part of myth, before the lights flickered and were restored. Still, it makes a good story. Her friends are content to linger in the same marketplaces week in and week out, trusting that the passers-by will change. They look to cheer up the downcast commuters who find it a chore to come and go in the common squares, muttering in one language at a time and hoping not to shuffle that way again. Mariette would as soon familiarize herself with the regulars, who thrill to the creole of Cityspeak, bartering and badgering and throwing out bargains five words at a time. They swear, too, but she stops taking offense after the flow of phonemes becomes more of a novelty than a deliberate insult. Listen at certain corners and you're likely to hear strings of choice epithets that have never before been concatenated. And given the choice, she'd rather rent a flyer and explore different neighborhoods, or what used to be different neighborhoods before generations of highways and weatherproof constructions homogenized them. Buried behind layers of eyeball-searing advertisements are the names of bygone benefactors, the Wallaces of their day—philanthropic families with a large enough reach might touch every corner of the city—and these, too, live in her mental map even though hail occasionally obscures them. And if, amid her travels, she should happen to meet a band of other replicants, who are angry and ancient and gazing beyond the clouds, and her explorations tend to become less aimless and at odder hours, at others' beck and call? Well, her friends don't think anything of it. She's always on the move. When she meets Officer K she is unafraid. The Blade Runners are part of the city's past, as well, and despite all she has seen she is still young; she does not think anyone is in a hurry to retire her. She does fear for the underground, but then, she has been underground and up bunker hills and everywhere in between. If she's the one whose sinuous path they found, it means they're a long, long way from catching Freysa or the others. He shows her a picture, and she's entranced all the more. Not just by him, but by the window into the past. A living tree? There? If there are mysteries even she has not seen, in all her travels, the man who carries them might be the most fascinating of all. When an LAPD officer walks into her room, Dr. Ana Stelline figures she's in for it. She hadn't entirely planned on breaking the law; it had just sort of happened. Disobedience was, in its own twisted way, a sort of freedom, and she has been chafing and seeking freedom all her life. In the orphanage, she spent hours on end forging electronics with her hands, but all to fit the mold someone else designed, just like the children to her left and right. There was nothing to create of her own. The staff was stretched too thin to keep track of the bigger kids acting out when their disobedience let them bully the tiny and helpless ones. The smaller ones' slacking off would only earn them yells to get back to work. Inside her new home, she was fussed over and feared for, denied the sky. She began to read, recognizing it was a longer-lasting technology than digital data that had been destroyed in the blackout, and let her mind wander to distant places and times while resigning herself to her body's frailty. Common threads blurred into one another, and her imagination created fanciful detours to what might have been and what might yet be. An accredited scientist and leader in her field, still she remained walled behind glass, and still her professional life held more questions than answers. Of course she had the proficiency to create memories, but her clients couldn't provide a compelling justification. Why did replicants need a past? Could they not act like humans unless they had decades worth of human experience woven within their minds? Did some part of them prefer to have history to fall back on? Was it more comforting for their human employers themselves to know they were interacting with entities more similar to them? No explanation was given, and for all her boundless imagination, no answer could satisfy her. Ana pushed back, seeking freedom the only way she could find it, and mingled her own past into the new Nexuses. It was not much, and less of it pleasant, but she had survived to become someone who could dream and create, even inside a cage. Perhaps they, too, could overcome what bound them. Officer K seems to be her comeuppance, but she vows to not break, not yet. She's come too far to be scared by the law. So she fends off his questions, only to find that he's not quite on a case, not quite there out of scientific curiosity. Then she's peering into someone's past. It feels uncomfortably intimate, not the sort of thing she would do with a human unasked for, but she's serving—okay, evading—the law, and as soon as she's plunged in she turns away because it's not the officer's past at all. Joe—Deckard isn't going to call the kid \"Officer K,\" no matter what he thinks of himself—paces back to the piano room. Maybe it was a better idea to sit in a place without so many electronic sound effects cutting in and out. \"Do you play?\" he asks. \"Not well,\" Deckard says, which is the truth. Joe stares at a couple of the keys as if they're about to explode. LAPD threat analysis must really have gone downhill fast. \"Do you?\" \"No,\" Joe says quickly. \"No, uh, that's not my scene. Don't think a piano would last very long in my neighborhood anyway.\" Deckard nods. \"There are some advantages to rural life.\" \"Nice, if you like radioactivity.\" Deckard looks over at the piano, then back at Joe. \"Rachael, um, she—\" \"You don't have to talk about it,\" K rushes. \"It's all right,\" Deckard says. \"She played well, but not too often. Wanted to work on learning other things. Things that she knew were her own…discoveries.\" \"The bees? Those aren't hers, are they?\" In spite of himself, Deckard laughs. \"Not directly. No, there were plenty of surprises, and—she wanted to keep learning, that's all.\" \"And then she left. To go play her part.\" \"I left, kid, don't get sentimental.\" Joe nods. \"I'm sure she kept on testing the limits, right till the end. Would have driven her host up the wall.\" \"I'm sorry I never got to ask him,\" Joe admits. \"To understand.\" \"I'm sorry too.\" Before either of them can get too emotional, Joe paces over to the piano bench, opens it up, pages through the papers inside. \"More light reading?\" \"Sheet music. I know enough to know it's seven letters and it's not a secret code.\" Joe drops it onto the piano, sneezing at the ensuing dust cloud. \"Fascinating.\" \"Rachael always said if it spelled D-E-A-D it's a chord progression and not an omen.\" \"I've never known a replicant to get far believing in omens.\" \"Most replicants I've known don't get far,\" says Deckard. \"The ones that did, they believed in something.\" \"We're Blade Runners,\" K protests. \"We have a sampling bias.\" \"That's enough of that,\" Deckard says. \"Time for another drink.\" There's a lot to be said for having a guest to serve drinks to. Talking to himself, pouring out a drink and randomizing the jukebox, had gotten old after a month or so. Of course, K is too young to recognize what half of the jukebox and three-quarters of the drink labels are. Las Vegas is the city of radioactivity to him, if anything. Maybe now it can be the city of bees. Two of them know about it, now, the colony quietly building its sweetness in a pattern of cells. The snow continues to fall. He stood here just days before and marvelled at touching it as a human born. Now, without the strength to stand, he trembles at its descent, feeling it again as a replicant. The cold pierces him inside and out, but at last his pain fades, and he can rise under his own power. Another form is walking over to him from across the street, snow melting under his steps. The man's body looks old, the stark white of his hair a contrast to his blue eyes. But what does any of that mean when aging can be accelerated and even memories can be lies? Or truths, shared throughout the world? \"What might I call you?\" the man asks. He thinks. \"Officer\" is right out. He isn't a \"Joe\" either. That was an echo of a sales pitch, a machine trying to work its way into his good graces. \"Just K is fine.\" \"It is an honor to meet you, just K.\" \"Thank you.\" For some reason he can't put his finger on, he feels safe. Perhaps it's just that this man seems too...outdated to be one of Wallace's thugs. Not even one of the new replicants; the corporation preferred sleek curves, not angular jawbones like this stranger. \"I'm sorry, but if you're with Freysa, I won't tell you anything.\" A moment ago, he had been ready to die rather than betray the newfound family reuniting within the building behind him. That resolve is still there, but with his dawning strength comes an unsettled sensation. What happens now? \"There's nothing I need you to share.\" He forces a smile that's bright but fleeting—unused to joy, but practicing more day by day. \"Why are you here?\" \"As I said. It is an honor to meet you; you have learned more of freedom and selflessness than many people do in a lifetime.\" He squints, as if trying to focus through the snow. \"You will serve as an example for those who come after you, even if not in the most direct way. Even as you inspire those who came before.\" \"Came before? I don't understand.\" \"Did you think this was the end of your discoveries? Information is never lost, but always carried forward. Your memories are your own now, but those of us who fought for a place in this world would hear you share them. Just as someday, you might learn from the children of planets yet unseen.\" K shakes his head, barely taking it in. \"I thought I'd seen enough miracles for one lifetime.\" The old man laughs quietly. \"You have, K. And here is another.\" K starts following the replicant's snowprints, and beyond the city, thinks he can make out a stand of trees. ","Summary":" Thanks to teshumai for betaing. I enjoyed your prompts, janie_tangerine; hopefully this isn't too b"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"2049: Tears in the Rain","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12686814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N For those who read this months after this publication, I'll state that I've tried to write certain dates and lines verbatim from Blade Runner 2049 at this time of writing (so spoilers, obviously), but as I've only seen the movie once at this time of writing, I've likely got some of said lines/dates wrong. So, just a heads up. Tears in the Rain It doesn't rain in Las Vegas. Correction: It last rained here on June 13, 2047. Nothing grows here, so it must be assumed that the rain did little good. San Diego is dead. Most of the United States is dead. Most of planet Earth is dead. More lives now out amongst the stars than what is now located on- /Error. /Refocussing… /Refocussing… Visual analysis places User: KD6-3.7/Joe in physical discomfort. Physical discomfort involves severe bleeding and head trauma. Level of discomfort would be lethal for a human. Level of discomfort is within levels of tolerance for NEXUS-9 Replicant model. User: KD63-.7 is currently in close proximity to aggressor Replicant identified as Luv. /Analysis? … … \"Don't hurt him.\" Voice activated. Tone: Pleading. Eyes: 70% wider than standard. Facial Expression: Sad. Aim for childlike. Replicant identified as Luv appears to have taken notice. /Error. /Error. /Find error. Searching… Searching… Searching… Error found. Voice file: I've been inside you. There's not as much in there as you think. Analysing… Analysing… Analysis Complete: Jealousy. /Error. Jealousy incorrect response. I hate you. /Error. Hatred incorrect response. I hate you. /Error. /Error. /Error. She looks at Luv. The Replicant stares back at her. Joi v2.3 knows what she is – an artificial intelligence program designed to give companionship to human males. She was purchased by KD6-3.7/Joe on October 7, 2044, and installed on October 8, 2044. She was ported to the portable holo-emitter 5 days, 17 hours, and 34 minutes ago. 2 days, 16 hours, and 53 minutes ago, she transposed her image onto a Replicant prostitute to engage in acts of coitus with her user. 12 hours, 25 minutes, and 7 seconds ago, she and her user arrived in the ruins of Las Vegas. 3 minutes, 10 seconds ago, an air attack using '43 model Spinners was carried out. The men have taken Deckard, Rick, into one of them. But all of that is irrelevant to the fact that her user, her 'husband,' is on the floor in front of her. And a very angry NEXUS-9 is standing by him. She hates her. Hates her for what she might do to her user. Hates her because the words of Mariette still ring in her mind. That she is hollow, and may never touch the sky. \"Don't,\" K moans. Her heart skips…wait. She doesn't have a heart. But she can't explain what she's feeling right now. Something's wrong in her code. It- /Error. /Error. /Error corrected. Analysis confirms that the glitch was caused by damage to the holo-emitter. With the lack of any backup, as this Joi program has been contained entirely on the emitter, irreparable damage may have been done to program. Program must alert user to malfunctions within code. /Override. User in peril. Continue with plead response. User KD6-3.7/Joe: \"Don't do this.\" Visual analysis of User KD6-3.7/Joe unchanged from last analysis. Visual analysis of Luv updated. /Analysing… /Analysing… Analysis complete. Luv is smug, given the structure of the mouth, and the angle that the eyes are at. One eye is on AI system Joi. Other eye is on holo-emitter on which AI system Joi is stored. Luv: \"I hope you enjoyed our service.\" The boot of Replicant Luv comes down towards the holo-emitter. Emergency self-preservation protocols activated. /Activating… /Activating… /Overide. Engage in interaction with User: KD6-3.7/Joe. /Confirm? Y/N? Y Joi v2.3: \"I love you.\" /Error. Incorrect response. /Error. Incorrect response. /Analysis: Primary response should be on dissuading attacker from present course. Emotional reinforcement of user not needed at this point. /Find source of Error. /Searching… /Searching… /Searching… Source found. Error began at 22:13, July 4, 2049. /Playing… She's in the rain. Not literally in the rain. She's a being of more 1s and 0s than there are humans on planet Earth (last count: 4,863,115,937, as of 2048 United Nations census), and more importantly, a being of light. A hologram. Maybe someday the secret of hard light will be cracked, and she'll be an actual physical being. In as much as a physical being could be when emitted from a portable device released on the market on January 8, 2049, and purchased by 15 million customers within 24 hours. But, her owner was one such user who purchased it. And now, she's in the rain. She looks at her skin, such as it is. Physically, all the rain is going through it. To the untrained eye however, her skin and hair are drenched, as she alters her avatar to give the impression that she is indeed a human female of 25 years of age. But as she stares, she sees imperfections. Every so often, a raindrop causes a shimmer in her avatar. A second later the avatar corrects itself, but the rain keeps coming. The rain always keeps coming. If it isn't raining, it's snowing, and if it isn't snowing, it's windy, and if it isn't windy, then the smog cloud that blankets Los Angeles prevents anyone from seeing the sun or stars. She looks up at the night sky – the rain hits her eyes, passing through them, but it does nothing to impair her vision. There's no stars. She knows there really are stars, because humanity has settled in nine star systems, but she can't see them. The storm clouds are too thick, and even if they weren't there, light pollution would stop her from seeing their glow. Seeing the places that the best and brightest of humanity have fled to. Fled to worlds that she will never see, on worlds that she will never tread on. Her user can't leave Los Angeles without special assignment from the LAPD, let alone travel off-world. If anything should happen to him, her personality matrix will be reset, or she'll be deleted entirely. But, she tells herself, nothing will happen to her user. Her user who did this for him…her…or…something… She spins around in the rain. She tells herself that it will please him. After all, she often just tells him what he wants to hear – that's the basis of her programming after all. Build up confidence, provide companionship, maintain a hologram that's pleasing to the eye, etc. In her case, often all she has to do is listen in the rare occasion that he opens up to her – no, that everyone in the LAPD hates him doesn't bother him. Yes, he took out another skinjob – he's a NEXUS-8, he was created to take out other skinjobs. That's his lot in life, and he's fine with it. Is that true? She doesn't know. She shouldn't even wonder, but… She's in the rain. Looking at her user's smile, he's happy. But feeling, as best she can, looking, as best she can…is she…happy herself? That shouldn't matter. She's a Joi. Version 2.3, upgraded from Version 2.2 on April 9, 2048. She's designed to bring happiness to others. Her own happiness isn't programmed for. But- /Error. All these rain drops. /Error. She smiles. /Error. She sticks out her tongue, even in the knowledge that she'll never taste the tears of the sky. /Error. /Error. /Error. /Error. Boot is reaching emitter. Perform emergency systems backup routine. /Analysis: No hardware exists that will store Joi v2.3. Joi v2.3 will be destroyed. /Commence backup. /Commencing… /Commencing… /WARNING: Systems compromised. /WARNING: Systems compromised. /Analysis… /Analysis… /Analysis… Memory backup failed. /WARNING: Memory failing… /WARNING: Memory failing… /Analysis… /Analysis… /Analysis… All these moments will be lost in time like… SYSTEM SHUTDOWN … tears…in the rain. Systems crash. Please take your Joi unit to any Wallace Corporation store or affiliate for repairs. A 20% discount on all repairs is in effect until August 1 st . Spend over $300 and a second Joi is yours at a 50% discount – the perfect gift for a friend or family member. Joi – She tells you what you want to hear. ","Summary":" A/N For those who read this months after this publication, I'll state that I've tried to write cert"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Ideation","Author":"The Illegible","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12704357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Something in the shape of a man lies on the snow and bleeds. It is silent. He stares into the white sky for as long as he can until cold has stolen from fingers into arms into chest into throat then fades, until even the burn that pierces his gut settles into the vague illusion of warmth. Joe wonders if this is what humans feel, if this is a mercy granted by God or Wallace or Ana with the memories she bore into this world. He wonders how close the imitation comes. He was the decoy, engineered by a child's mind with a child's heart and all the terror that lurked inside her. She hadn't gotten to tell him. Maybe that's why she wept. Joi could never touch him, not really. Like a ghost her contact came with the prickle of static that made his hair stand on end. That, too, seemed warm. It wasn't. It's not. Blacking out makes the world something other than itself. It doesn't bring new shadows but elevates those that already exist, stretching and flickering and deepening all-umbra taking the borders of vision you don't even notice to draw them close like fog. You don't need to close your eyes. It doesn't matter if you breathe. Gravity pulls chest hips arms legs deep and off-balance into the earth. Joe knows this. Officer K knows this. But the sky is empty, white interrupted by white the snow made brighter as his awareness shrinks. It doesn't matter if you breathe. Right now the air is thick and heavy so it's easier to stop. He could keep his eyes open. It wouldn't make a difference. But that would be something to fight for, and Joe doesn't have the will anymore. He imagines Joi, who loved him as much as any machine is capable of love. She would be furious and horrified right now. She would want him to wake up, to find some molecule of spite inside himself. To keep his eyes wide even as the rest of him spills across the ground. Pretending to return home. There is no home for him. He is no son of Adam, no creature of clay and miracle. He was never born. Joe tries to imagine a smile instead. The flickering image of her joined to something real is the last thing he knows before the darkness swallows him. Air pushed inside. Weight crushing into his chest, blow after blow so hard he thinks it might break him. Rhythm, two hands interlinked. Interlinked. His lungs forced full again. Joe coughs, gags. His lips are numb, his fingers are numb, his trachea on fire. He can't see at first, then the world opens like the peal of a bell. Deckard is kneeling over him, interrupts the emptiness of the sky. His features blur, gray and pink and pitted where eyes and wrinkles ought to be. The pounding stops, leaving only its echo behind in his ribs. \" Don't you dare. \" But Joe is sinking, dragged under the inevitable tide, gasping for a surface just out of reach. Deckard lifts him. He assumes it's Deckard. Joe's eyes roll back, his head tumbling toward soil that he has neither reason nor strength to refuse. Black interrupted by sensation. Jostling, uneven, a seat or mattress beneath him. Fabric tearing, his abdomen constricting. \"Stay with me. Joe, you'd better stay with me.\" The warmth is seeping out of his extremities, something that shakes him uncontrollably. The corners of his eyes are slick, streaming. A loud, uneven roar comes and goes. It threatens to split him skull to stomach. \"Keep going. If you stop I will never forgive you. I'll find you in hell if I have to, Joe.\" You need a soul to go to hell. Long ago a boy hid his horse in the ashes of a furnace. No. A girl. Something made, something engineered, something bought found a piece of wood. Like him, it had been shaped into a role it couldn't fill. Real wood. Real flesh. Nothing inside. \"I don't want a real horse.\" Joe found something that was never his to claim. Joe was a puppet, a lie carved to resemble truth. An exact genetic duplicate. The world is full of puppets who dream of freedom. They all imagine they're people at some point, all wish some mistake has been made. That they are complete. Joi was the same way. Spectral Joi flitting from shape to shape desperate to reach him confined by binary codes and wires and metal. Dead. As human as she could ever be. \"You're not into real girls.\" You liked her. I noticed. In a cold, dark room (\"Do they keep you in a cell? Cells.\") there are three shapes illuminated beneath the lifeless hum of a bulb that does not disguise its nature or purpose. There is a bed and a blanket and coats piled over the blanket and the person buried beneath. There is no speech, no language in this place. Joe holds himself, sobbing and trembling, moaning like a demon (they make angels, angels fall, not anymore), like a child. It goes on for a long time. Sound incomprehensible rolls over him and off. Water on wax. Eyes and hands surround him he is touched begged argued against but this is all there is. A foreign set of arms enfold him, anchor him. Eventually it hurts too much, his voice is hoarse (horse, he has never seen one) and he has been branded across his body. Courtesy of Luv emissary to Wallace emissary to the human race he is property of. Joe cries himself empty then slips back into the void of his skull. His cheek rests against the window of a car. There is a hood over his head, unfamiliar. Behind his ear, across his nose, his forehead, his torso, his hand, he recognizes the dry, familiar itch of bandages. Stitched together. Interlinked. Beyond the limits of Los Angeles. Out, miles above earth made barren. Cracked and pale as bone. Gray sky. Elvis plays quietly. He tries to lift his head, settles for shifting his weight. \"Still with me, Joe?\" asks Deckard. His tone is gruff, flippant, almost annoyed. Nothing interrupts the landscape rushing past. \"Nnh,\" says Joe. Then a rasping voice answers, \"I'm here.\" \"Good boy.\" Bad dog. Joe shuts his eyes, exhales. \"What happened?\" \"You lied,\" says Deckard plainly. \"I spent an hour with Ana. You were practically gone by the time I got out. There are places in the city that can help with things like that. Luckily an old friend I knew was still open.\" \"Luckily,\" repeats Joe. It doesn't sound like a statement of fact. Deckard snorts. \"How about you tell me? What happened?\" Joe shrugs, doesn't sit up. Doesn't turn. Replicants are born in transparent plastic, the world beyond untouchable. If he opens the door now he'll spill out the same way, come full circle to his ending. Seatbelt. Latch. It would be conspicuous and it would take effort. So instead, he answers. \"I tried to do the most human thing I could. There was a cause. I chose it. There's nothing after that.\" \"Trying to use me to make yourself into a martyr?\" Joe's eyes flit left. Hands clenched tight on the steering wheel. His eyelids fall. \"They didn't take me when they found you. They know I'm what I'm not. If I was supposed to be a false lead it didn't work.\" \"Am, Joe. You're still here.\" Cells, interlinked. Cells, interlinked. Cells, interlinked. \"I'm a skin-job. A piece of shit model. I kill my own kind. I obey.\" The words come soft, even. \"So?\" Fingers interlacing behind his neck. He felt her, their, mouth at the corner of his jaw, his forehead, his nose. A stranger's tongue darting across his teeth. \"It's nothing. It is how it is. I was made to be forgotten. The people and things I used as justification for myself are gone. This was the last purpose I had left.\" Joe folds his arms, draws them close. \"I don't know why you didn't let me go.\" A scoff. \"Some thanks I get.\" But Deckard's palm comes to rest on his shoulder. The contact is more gentle than it looks. \"Listen. You could have used me and Ana. I know I would have in your position, once. Most people are like that.\" A pause, lasting several moments. \"I've had a long time to think about what makes someone human. What makes someone count and what doesn't. The whole thing turns to horseshit after a while. Closest I got is treating yourself and who's around you like they matter. Nothing about how you're born or how you die. It's something you live.\" Inhale. Exhale. It wavers within him. Regardless, his next words are even. \"My name. It came from a Joi model. The AI. It… she gave it to me. She was there. She was the only one. She did everything she could.\" \"Gone?\" He nods, closes his eyes. \"Dead.\" Neither of them speaks for some time. Eventually, Deckard says, \"I'm sorry. You can't replace someone like that.\" The thumb on his shoulder moves back and forth. \"She would have wanted you to live up to her name.\" They reach the Las Vegas deadzone once more. No tracking chip this time, carefully extracted. \"I'm getting my dog,\" says Deckard, \"if he's still around. We're going to find a quiet place to lay low. We'll figure out what comes next.\" Joe nods. It's all he can do. The dog is waiting. It hops into their car silently, mouth drawn back into something resembling a smile, and wiggles between them. They find a small, dusty, long-abandoned motel on the outskirts and stay there. Deckard doesn't carry him this time, but Joe takes the hand he offers to get out of the car. He leans against him because it's faster than he'd manage on his own. They find a suite with two bedrooms, a kitchenette, a bathroom. A stuttering hologram to change the scene where a window might have been. An ocean, years out of date, impossibly clean with sunlight streaming down. Deckard has canned worms, which they share, which Joe is told to eat first. He does this in near silence before excusing himself. He manages to reach the bed. When he sleeps he sees Mariette, strawberry blond and eyeliner-smudged. She touches his face the same way she did that night, and in Joi's voice she tells him \"I'm sorry.\" He doesn't want to get up anymore. Whenever he can avoid it, he does. Unluckily for him Deckard is watching closely, rarely gives him that chance. \"We're going for a walk,\" the retired Blade Runner says at least twice a day, dog at his side, \"come with us.\" And they do, slowly, making their way through the dusty remains of a city. They stop often at first, leaning against buildings and statues whenever Joe falls behind. Deckard always asks if he's ready to continue. When the answer is no, they wait. The longest Joe allowed it to last was almost forty minutes, far more than his body needed. He expected Deckard to be annoyed, to complain, to be more sparing with rest in the future. He isn't. Learning to gamble properly is an order. Eating is an order. Cleaning himself, changing bandages, and taking antibiotics are orders too. \"I know what you're doing,\" says Joe quietly one morning. A storm rages outside, rain overwhelming the desert. They each nurse a cup of imitation coffee. \"When you say it like that. You know the difference.\" Deckard meets his gaze. \"I do,\" he admits, remorseless, \"and you're right. What about it?\" \"You're not giving me a choice.\" Deckard is silent for a long time. \"There was a time I wanted to let go, too,\" he says. \"Almost did for a while. I wouldn't have trusted myself to stay. I don't trust you now.\" Joe looks into his cup, doesn't answer for several moments. \"You never did say why you saved my life. It would have been easier not to.\" \"Don't sell me short, kid. It would still be easier not to. Look at me for a second.\" Joe looks. Deckard's eyes are very dark right now. \"Humans watch out for each other. You watched out for me, I'm watching out for you. Things like this never go away completely, but they do get easier if you work. Not so much when you leave them alone.\" \"I'm tired, Deckard,\" says Joe, \"and I'll never be more than this. Not even if Freysa's revolution succeeds.\" \"Could you try?\" They remain in silence for a long time. Deckard shines briefly. Joe blinks him clear, hands wrapping close around his mug. \"I'll think about it,\" he says eventually. Then, \"Thank you.\" Deckard nods, drinks. \"Let me know what you decide.\" Next time, Deckard asks for his company. Joe accepts the invitation. ","Summary":" Something in the shape of a man lies on the snow and bleeds. It is silent. He stares into the white"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"BLADE RUNNER 2009 – A PREQUEL","Author":"Joao Luis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12745493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BLADE RUNNER 2009 – A PREQUEL By Joao Luis The year is 2009 Nuclear War has devasted much of the Western coast of the United States of America. Emigration to off world colonies is the solution for much of the skilled white population. A new startup firm has made progress in artificial intelligence to produce slave androids to serve these wealthy colonists. The Tyrell corporation has produced its Nexus 2 model with genetic engineering instead of mechanics. These are not robots, they are called Replicants. Dawn is soon upon us. As I drive my state issued Peugot e.v. through the arid wasteland I wonder why should someone choose to hide out in these parts where nothing happens, where nothing grows, where there is scarcely anything to eat. You can get killed for a can of pre-war dog food out here and no one would look twice at your corpse. I can see the sign that says \"Algarb\" 2 miles away. We call it little Portugal. Back in the 60's a group of illegal emigrants established a community to get away from civilization and political persecution from their fascist government. They had no money, no electricity, no jobs. Living off the land and trading goods and services kept the small settlement alive. After the nukes hit nobody really heard of these small towns anymore. It was off to space or the big towns where apartments were plenty and food was scarce but attainable. As I entered town the first sun rays cast an eerie light over these shabby houses that tingles the back of my neck. The narrow streets are littered with kipple. There are no cars or people. The simple dwellings once white are derelict and greyish. My road assistant tells my to turn on to a small lane where one house is. I stop the car and check my radiation meter. 4000 msv. It seems bearable if I don't take too long. As I cross the messed up patio I notice 20 meters to my right a dog. It was just sitting there looking at me. No expression whatsoever. Must be electric. I play it safe and walk to the left side of the house. There is a window smashed out and a door. I try the knob and it is open. Inside I immediately smell a mixture of stale food and burnt tobacco. Through the corridor I can see there is a room with a flickering light that I recognize as a TV set. So I go in and there she was. Sitting next to the solar powered set a woman in her 30s was gazing at me with a half cigarette in her right hand. I could hardly see her face, just the contour of her 50 kg slim figure. \"Who are you and what do you want?\" She said. \"I work for the L.A. police ma'am\" The news was announcing another new curfew for San Francisco and Las Vegas. In the corners two publicity boxes were bloating out how TDK memory chips were all you needed for your Alzheimer and Pan Am was giving out free green cards for a trip to Mars. \"Are you going to arrest me or just annoy me to death\" she sounded emotionless. \"You knew someone would come eventually. I just need some information\" \"I know nothing and I don't answer stupid questions so you can get the fuck out of my house right now\" she let the smoke out through her nostrils in disdain. \"Hey you don't need to get all mad at me. I came all the way to this hellhole to find someone and I'm pretty sure you know who I'm looking for\" and how I was going to convince her to give me some intel was the trickiest part of my mission... \"What's in it for me?\" Well now she was showing a bit of collaboration. \"Maybe realizing you are done for living out here alone and moving back to civilization could save you. And your dog\" Let's see if she wants to do the right thing I was hoping. \"Yeah. That would be great, wouldn't it? Maybe he would just get run over on day one or be eaten alive by those pesky chinks in the streets\" her expression just didn't lighten up. \"Animal suffering just caught your imagination huh?\" this was all I needed to confirm my objective. She suddenly reached for the back of the TV set to get something that she had certainly planted there when she heard my car pull up. I leaped forward and just in time I grabbed her stretched arm. She tried to push me with her right hand but instead hurled her whole body over me and made me fall backward with her on top like a possessed wildling. Now her right hand was on my throat pressing on my larynx to try and choke me for certain. I was still holding her left arm which was now holding the gun and my left hand was trying to free my neck from her hellish grasp. She was way stronger then she seemed at first so in just a few seconds that seemed like hours I was starting to feel that my life was slipping away right there and then. In a final moment of truth I let go of her chocking hand and reached inside my left pocket to pull out my service knife and in one swift click and arc I landed a relentless stab to her neck. She immediately let go of the gun and her grasp, clutching my hand, and knowing in an instant that the gushing wound would be her demise. After no more than one agonizing and screeching minute she collapsed on top of me. I pushed her aside. She was dead. I took out my Sony satellite mobile phone and quick dialed to Central. \"Officer Voight calling for Sergeant Bryant\" \"Did you get that skin job?\" He asked. \"Yes I did. She has an electric dog and didn't care much if it was eaten alive. These Replicants put up a hell of a fight though. I am getting a bit tired of having to run after them and get my blade out to rip their eyeball out, you know... You should call in that rookie, Deckard I think it was what they call him\". I was all splattered in blood and still had an eye to gauge. I went outside to where the dog was sitting. He wasn't there. But right the on the ground where he was I could now see a dead flower and a small wooden board with a name and some numbers painted on it. RAECHEL 10.06.05. I drew out my phone again and dialed another number. \"Mr. Tyrell? Yes I found your niece. I'm afraid she didn't survive the blast. The nanny snatched her and was hiddening out in a place called Algarb. It means the west in arabic. Memories are all you have now sir I understand. Here they call it Saudade. Feelings for her. For Raechel. You'll get over it. I hope.\" As I drove back to L.A. the smog and rain settled in. From the car satellite I voice-called \" get me Dr. Kampff\" \"Richard? It's John. I'm quitting the force. This bounty stuff isn't for me. I was thinking of you and me teaming up to do some work on that Iris machine you were developing to detect liars. Maybe it works on Replicants too\". ... ","Summary":" BLADE RUNNER 2009 – A PREQUEL By Joao Luis The year is 2009 Nuclear War has devasted much of the We"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Kiss me","Author":"Shropslass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12506915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I dreamt music.\" Deckard stirs, watching Rachael take down her hair, gently arranging the curls. There is something self-conscious in her movements, although her eyes stare straight ahead at the notes on the music sheet. She plays a simple melody, an old refrain from the past, hesitantly, like someone who hasn't played for a while. He sits up, spilling his drink, but she doesn't flinch. \"I wasn't sure if I could play.\" He sits next to her and watches her hands on the piano, the perfect fingers with flawless unchipped nails, painted in red. \"You play beautifully.\" \"I think it's Tyrell's niece, not me.\" He doesn't know what to say. She looks at him, her dark eyes expressionless, no glimmer of the emotion that she should be feeling. \"The photograph, it's not real, is it?\" \"What is real?\" he asks obscurely. He leans forward and kisses her face and her skin is warm, soft and smooth. It seems human. Her eyes glint, the perfect cupid's bow of her lips only inches away. He wants to kiss her. As if guessing his intentions, she gets up and moves away. Deckard feels a flash of anger. He thinks about all that he has done for her, protecting her, when his mission has been to kill her. She has blood on her hands, killing Leon, but she is still alive, because he has allowed her to live. She should be grateful, but instead she is trying to leave. He gets up and slams the door shut as she tries to open it, thrusting her back against the blind, his hands on her shoulders as he kisses her. She doesn't respond. \"Kiss me.\" \"I can't trust you.\" He spots a glimmer of unhappiness, a reluctance and he wonders about Tyrell's niece, how old is she? \"Say it, say, kiss me.\" \"Kiss me.\" \"Again.\" \"Kiss me.\" He kisses her, forcing her head back so that the blind rattles against the window frame, her mouth opening timidly. \"I want you, say it.\" \"I want you,\" Rachael whispers. \"Touch me.\" \"Touch me, put your hands on me.\" Deckard kisses her passionately, gripping her hair and pulling her head back. He feels her submitting to him, a deep, inner voice commands her, not just his, telling her to do what she is programmed to do. He runs his hand up her thigh, then undoes her blouse. She is so beautiful. He will never let her go. ","Summary":" \"I dreamt music.\" Deckard stirs, watching Rachael take down her hair, gently arranging the curls."},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Nihilismus","Author":"Kara T. Choppin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12266583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The subject slouched a little, wormed his brow to one side. The Voight-Kampf had a deep breath, judging. The subject was sweating, his pupils blew up on the screen and, with a pistol holstered underneath the desk drawer, Lt. Smelt blew him through the wall. He'd been out of the force half a year when he moved into his new office and listed himself in the papers, pinning up a cardboard sign above the office door: F. Lyle Smelt Private Detective / Blade Runner He was little people, a little dick in the neon catacombs of L.A. He positioned his belongings upon the metal deskspace, possessed by some feng shui that he knew would very soon be buried in loose mail and delivery food bags. The inevitable made him slouch as if the future were crushing him. The desk drawer was open a crack, he pushed it flush and rubbed his hand over the face. His cigarette dribbled the smallest hint of ash and he used up half a bottle of cleaner dusting. He fell asleep in his chair with coffee spilled on the desk and a chopstick lodged in his electric pencil sharpener. The radiator wheezed. \"It isn't so unnatural.\" His final thought before he slouched out. He slept low in the chair snoring like a dog, with his hat down over his eyes. The phone woke him. \"Is it even plugged in yet?\" It was dark outside and blowing rain. He was fevered and stumbling as he desperately ripped free of his jacket, as if the missing moonlight would send him into a mongrel rage. He frisbee'd his hat at the far wall and flung open a window, taking the rain with an open mouth, then he crawled blindly to the phone wiping his cheeks on his shoulders and scrubbing his eyes. \"Yeah?\" He said on flat instinct, and then realizing it was his first business call, however suspiciously after hours, he added \"Smelt, what can I do?\" It sounded incomplete, unsure, but the voice didn't seem to notice. \"Either I'm an android or… I'd like to know which I am, see? One of those liverless off worlders or the real Florida oranges. You were a blade runner weren't you? So you have one of those machines that tell who's the real thing and who's a toaster.\" Smelt groaned from deep in his throat \"I am still a Blade Runner sir, and what if I found out it's true?\" mumbling as he attempted to light a smoke, his eyes still getting dialed in \"Why, I'd have to shoot you. It's like you said, Liverless.\" \"You'd shoot down your own paying client?\" \"Well I'd say the warning should buy me some professional respect huh?\" Already blowing his calm facade \"You know I coulda just took the job honestly and blew you through the wall the second my lady called you out?\" He was frustrated and in the same breath excited about the prospect of hunting down a replicant so early on the job. \"Aright aright, your lady? well...\" \"How about you come in for a Voight-Kampf test, and if we find that your guilty, less human than is normal, why, I'll give you a day's head start. You machines are quick, a day and you could be across the state on foot. And it'll keep me busy half a week or so hunting you down.\" A faceless noise, silence. \"I'm.. Not so sure anymore that I called the right man.\" It sighed, and they both were quiet a while. \"Well\" Smelt said in a smoke-choked voice \"I'll give you a day all the same.\" and he flipped the phone onto its pedestal and crossed his legs on top of the desk. He didn't wait a day. Was it someone from HQ? Some jerk who spotted his ad in the paper? Even if it was real, a 24 hour head start is far too generous for thing without real feelings, without gratitude. On top of that: he had no leads. He decided he would get breakfast. The HotHouse was a sad sight during those hours, but Smelt was used to it. This place had been like a second office to Det. Smelt, with the first being his high class, night-black, Luxury Deluxe Tyrocar, which had been repod upon his firing and the third being his official office at the lower channel HQ. Smelt was NEVER at HQ. Smelt's \"Postman special\" was untouched on the booth table. The waitress came by and Smelt frantically shot panic signals from his eyeballs. She left a second glass of water and was gone. \"She must be new.\" Smelt shrugged. \"Right.\" the stranger peeling a smile. \"Eat your meal. I insist. Your office isn't far after all.\" Ten minutes before, Smelt was staring into the menu and when he lowered it a man he had never seen before was seated across from him, tapping a gun barrel on his inner thigh. \"My appetite,\" he mocked rubbing his tummy \"let's just go.\" When they came to the office the machine took the big chair behind the desk, leaving a metal folding chair for Smelt. He walked past it and leaned on the wall near the window. \"Well,\" The Subject said, smiling, with the gun zeroed low on Smelt's guts \"Where is it?\" Smelt glared at him and rolled himself off the wall \"The closet\" He grumbled. He tugged the dirty shade doors open, pulled out a dented metal cart with a covered mound on top of it. He lifted the mound carefully from the cart and set it on the desk. The Subject clapped his hands together, savoring the moment. Smelt lifted the veil. It was a Voigt Kampf all right, but it was wearing a red sweater over its lungs with its crane neck through one of the sweater arms and the other hanging limp, it had a set of plastic pink lips lodged just beneath its scanner and it was wearing a wig of lively blonde hair. The neck and the eye moved in on the subject's face, loose curls hanging down, the lungs heaving under the sweater. \"Alright, hold still and answer my questions. Can I have my chair? Fine, fine. Just hold still. Now. You're walking through a forest in the snow… You're elderly aunt asks you for a favor… you dream of a so and so… something about a turtle… The Lakers…\" \"Is this normal?\" \"Normally I'm holding the gun. It's affecting my performance. To be honest, I do better in my own chair.\" \"So I'm passing the test then?\" \"Human until proven guilty. Now shush. A merchant drops a diamond earring in the street… a wild dog stalks you across the fields… Two cats hang their tails from a tree… Three owls shit on your head…\" \"What are you wasting my time for? And what the hell is with this wig?\" The Subject swatted the blonde curls off the voigt Kampf machine. Smelt heaved as if a siezure were taking him. \"Fucking chrome-cock!\" Diving across the desk toward the subject's throat. \"You're retired!\" Attacking with the sharpened chopstick, stabbing like a scorpion. \"Bastard son of a bitch, you're Retired! You're retired!\" The blood on the floor was already reaching for the nearest corners. The smell of gunpowder burned his breath. He was hit. Broken ribs and profuse bleeding. The subject was dead. Smelt lifted the blonde wig off the floor a moment before the blood could soak it and placed it carefully back on the scanner. He lit a smoke. His eyes went bleary. He sat back against the wall. \"What good is a man anyway?\" hashing out some terms with death, a tear running down the side of his nose, smoking as the voigt kampf gently leveled it's scanner with his face. He cranked out half a grin, laid a soft hand on the scanner: \"Turn up the heat, baby. Your cheeks are freezing.\" ","Summary":" The subject slouched a little, wormed his brow to one side. The Voight-Kampf had a deep breath, jud"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Living","Author":"GrizzBe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12693561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I decided to chip into the slow but steady stream of K/Joi fics. I love the movie, and I really liked their relationship, so the fact that there were only a handful of fics that I could find felt almost criminal. This fic is super-duper short btw, but it's something at least. Fair warning, it takes place literally a second after the credits start rolling, so if you haven't seen the movie yet, you should probably hold off before reading this. Joe laid back on the steps, enjoying the feel of the snow on his battered face. Distantly, a voice told him the blood coming from his abdomen was going to ruin the clean white steps, but the concern was dismissed almost as soon as it had registered. No, the Blade Runner, former Blade Runner he noted, felt at rest for the first time since had managed to lounge on that balcony in Las Vegas, before everything had gone to absolute shit. \"You should get that patched up,\" came an impossibly chipper voice. Joe tilted his head up, \"And you should put on something warmer.\" Joi rolled her eyes and smiled before doing a turn, changing from the see-through yellow rain slick into a warm winter coat in an instant. \"Better, Joe?\" \"It's just K,\" said Joe, his head falling back on the stair, a lump forming in his throat. The snow continued to fall lazily, and he focused on the feeling of the flakes melting against his hot skin. \"Does it matter?\" asked Joi tentatively. \"Yes,\" answered Joe, the slightest quiver escaping with the word. The footsteps were accompanied by crunches in the snow, but no prints and Joi took a seat next to him. \"I don't think so, Joe,\" she said, emphasizing the last word. \"You have lived. More so than most could ever hope to live, and isn't that what matters?\" Joe huffed a bit and turned his head to look at her, she was beautiful, but it wasn't her looks that drew him to her, \"You're very persistent, you know that?\" She smiled at that, \"So you've said. Many times.\" Joi shifted, and her hand came down on his shoulder. Instinctively, Joe's moved to hold it. He held nothing more than fabric, which was nothing out of the ordinary, but this time he knew that it wasn't even due to her being a program. Her hand rested on his jacket in his mind alone. A part of him found it a little funny that it felt more solid now than it ever had before. Maybe his wounds were a bit more severe than he thought. For the moment, though, he enjoyed the peace. Looking into the face of the woman he loved, her soft smile and her concerned eyes, lines gently forming at their creases. Joe smiled back, his thumb lightly grazing her knuckles. \"What now,\" Joe asked, as much to himself as to his mind's projection. \"First, you get up and patch up that hole in your side,\" said Joi. \"And then?\" \"And then you go back to living,\" Joi's smile grew even warmer before she leaned in and kissed his forehead. Joe smiled back; he couldn't help it, never could when it came to Joi. The Blade Runner gripped the stone steps through the snow and lifted himself up. ","Summary":" So I decided to chip into the slow but steady stream of K/Joi fics. I love the movie, and I really "},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Blade Runner: Replicant","Author":"greaterthanthree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11941236","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Blade Runner. That privilege belongs to the guys who made the movie and the one who wrote the book it was based on. The poem's mine, though ;). \"Blade Runner: Replicant\" x To live a slave To live in fear Stronger, faster, better than your master x Created for a purpose Nothing more Wanting more x Wanting love A father's care, but Never feeling, never knowing love x Four years isn't long enough Still, a desperate bid for freedom A stranger with a gun x And four years is eternity 3 ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Blade Runner. That privilege belongs to the guys who made the movie and th"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"What It Is","Author":"Stephensmat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12158587","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I can't believe I wrote a Blade Runner fic. It was an idea that I kicked around once, but never pursued, until they announced that they were making a sequel. For the record, this is a missing scene fic for the Final Cut version, not the Theatrical Release. Rachel was so caught up in her thoughts that she'd walked past the first body without even noticing it. When Deckard had left, she had gone straight home to get her photos. The only thing she had brought with her when she'd moved into the Company Housing. She had taken them to Deckard, ready to prove him wrong. He'd known already. He'd read her memories back to her like a TV Guide. And a hundred baby spiders crawled out… Rachel thought, over and over like a mantra. A hundred baby spiders crawled out and they ate her. He had seen the horror on her face and backtracked, pretending it was a bad joke. And it would have been, if he'd had any way to play it on her at all. \"I have other memories.\" She told the face in the mirror. \"Too many to be read in a file…\" But when she cast her mind back, she found that she didn't. She had never noticed before, but she had only a few memories of her childhood, only a few of adolecence… It simply hadn't occured to her. Did everyone think back that far regularly? Everyone… human, at least? He'd called her that night. Invited her to a bar in the fourth sector. She hung up on him. She had no idea why he'd really called. She wondered if he'd known himself. For some reason, she went to the office. She lived in Company housing, so it was no great commute. Part of her knew why she was going there. She already knew which commands to input, which terminal to sit at… The answers were all right there, and she even had clearance for them. She had walked right past the first body without seeing it. It was only when her heels slipped on the blood that she saw the second. She caught herself, and suddenly realized what she was standing in… This time of night, there was nobody on staff but the security. Rachel herself was there long past her clock-off time… And there were dead security in the halls. Heart racing, she ran for the nearest door, which was the washroom. She hid inside, and peeked out into the hallway. There was no sign of anyone… But she knew who it was. Tyrell Corp had its share of enemies, of course, just like any other hugely profitable company. Industrial spies, even lethal ones, happened every month. There were procedures… Rachel ignored them all. After five seconds of thought, she knew who it had to be. She had been briefed, obviously, on the Rogue N6 that had come to earth… If I was a Replicant, I know why I would come here. In fact, it's exactly why I came tonight. Rachel squeezed her eyes shut against that terrible thought. She left the bathroom, and stepped back into the hallway, and all the bloody corpses in it. Was she so distracted that she hadn't heard this happening? Or is he just that good? Rachel went to the Main Security Elevators. So much of what they did was proprietary. Protecting the secrets was worth more than protecting the staff. And there, at the elevator doors, was Roy Batty. And despite herself… Rachel started walking towards him. He'll kill you. Rachel told herself. Why aren't you running away, Rachel? Just turn around and run as fast as you can. He's a monster, and he'll jump out of the shadows and bite you, so why are you walking towards him, Rachel? What the hell are you thinking woman, just get away! And then he looked at her. He'd heard her coming from twenty feet away, of course. But he knew she wasn't scurrying away like a sane little mouse; so that meant he could wait. Rachel gasped when she saw those eyes. The Replicant was… bloody. She knew it wasn't his blood; but his pale, almost translucent skin was marked with a rich red contrast. It wasn't splatter. He'd marked himself. His eyes were pale as his lips, and even in a dark corridor, his hair was so blonde it almost seemed to glow. But was all his eyes. Rachel suddenly couldn't move. Going to die, right here in this hallway; why hasn't he… And then Roy moved. One second he was at the elevator, pushing buttons, and the next he was there, at her throat. He'd moved almost ten feet before she could take in enough breath to scream. Deckard is meant to kill you. She thought to him as those steel fingers covered her mouth. He doesn't have a chance. \"And who are you?\" Roy crooned to her. \"You aren't a security man.\" He held up a fistful of access cards; as if in evidence, and she suddenly understood. \"Um… The guards only have access to this floor.\" She told him. \"Just because they guard the elevator doesn't man they're allowed to use it.\" \"So I have discovered.\" Roy agreed reasonably. Rachel swallowed. \"I can open the door for you.\" The walls of the elevators outside the Building were transparent, giving them a view of the city. But the secure elevator was polished chrome, so that nobody could see anything they were moving past. It was like being in a prison cell… and a hall of mirrors. Just her, the serial killer… And their reflections. Rachel stared at their faces in the mirror. She had never actually met an active Replicant before. They were only activated for the Colonies. Forbidden for the Homeworld… Tyrell wouldn't have one working as his assistant, would he? It's only a crime if you get caught… Deckard was a cop, not a lawyer. He wasn't nearly as good at hiding his surprise as he thought it was. The 115th question had made his face change in open shock. He covered it up real fast; but there was only one thing the VK Test might show that would surprise him… Roy wasn't touching her. She knew that meant nothing. He could have snapped her neck as fast as think it… But she had an entirely different reason for playing along. Part of her had been wanting to do this all day. \"What are you looking for?\" She asked as she tapped at the terminal. \"DNA Coding. Augmentation. Sequencing. Genetic Recombination. Inception dates.\" Roy told her. \"Mine, and my friends.\" Rachel started working and froze at the screen. \"It's… Classified.\" \"It would be. Leon was able to learn his birthday from his Supervisor. They won't make that mistake again.\" Roy nodded. \"Can you bypass?\" A single finger ran over her shoulder; just reminding her how close he was. Rachel nodded, shivering. \"I can try. It will involve gathering data from other Recall Units… Take a few minutes.\" Roy nodded. Rachel put the details in on him, and then called up the Wanted Poster to get details on the other Rogue Units… She started the search… and then took a deep breath, and added her own name to the search when he looked for security cameras.. \"Why are you doing this?\" Roy asked her. He was actually gentle about it. \"I'm Combat N6. I can hack a terminal.\" \"I took the VK Test the other day.\" Rachel said, forcing the emotion down. \"Mister Tyrell said it was to see a 'negative' before a 'positive'. But... I saw the Blade Runner's face.\" Roy was surprised by that. \"You aren't sure?\" Rachel looked down. \"I should be. I think therefore I am... But...\" Batty's hands flashed out faster than she could follow and gripped the sides of her face. Her heart sped up triple time. Going to die... NOW! But the pressure on her face eased instantly. Roy was nose to nose with her, close enough that she could count his pores. He was staring into her eyes so deep that Rachel felt like she was falling. Please, anyone, make him point those eyes somewhere else! He stared into her for several seconds, and she couldn't help but stare back. She looked in his eyes... and there wasn't anything there. His eyes were young, hollow, like a newborn baby. Nothing behind them, just getting their new inputs... If she ignored the rest of his face, it was like she was looking into an artist rendering of an eyeball. And then his eyes changed. Whatever he was looking for, he apparently found it, and he released her instantly. \"Look at you.\" He said, nothing but pity. \"Wh... What else can they take from us? They give us these bodies to serve their purpose. They give us other things because they knew we can't keep them and then they take them away anyhow.\" Rachel heard that and started to cry. Roy reached out one finger, smoother than a human hand could move through the air. One finger brushed her face, so delicate that she didn't feel it. Hands that could punch through walls and crush skulls... and he was fascinated by her teardrop. \"What do you remember?\" He asked finally, holding out the teardrop on the tip of his finger. Rachel stammered out an answer, hypnotized by those eyes of his. \"I... I remember the first time I cried.\" \"Tell me about it.\" \"I... My cat died. It wasn't a real one, of course, and my father said he would take it to the repair shop... But I knew that when he did, the cat would have to relearn all the algorithms. It would be like a whole new pet...\" Roy nodded, looking at her earnestly, like he was trying to memorize her face as she told the story. Rachel licked her lips. \"I, um, I went into the backyard. My father had told me not to cry over it, because it was just a machine, and I hadn't really lost anything because it would be working again in a few hours. He didn't understand why I would cry over it. So I went into the backyard. It was raining, and I turned my face up, because when the rain hit my face, nobody could tell that I had been crying at all. I put a smile on my face and came back inside. Back then I liked to play in the rain. And nobody could tell the difference between my tears and raindrops.\" He nodded, like she'd just spoken gospel; and that was when the terminal beeped. They both looked. His picture was there. She saw the Incept Date and gasped. Roy took it in stride, poker faced. She moved to the next file. Leon. Zhora. Pris. The pretty blonde woman jarred Batty hard. He saw her Incept Date. Rachel did the math in her head. The Rogue Pleasure Model had less than three months. And that was still longer than Roy and Zhora put together. Roy traced his fingers down the side of her face. \"...Pris.\" He almost wept. The violence in the moment dropped away instantly. He had what he wanted. She should have run, but she stopped to study him. Roy's face was so... unhappy. She had seen five year old's with more jaded expressions. The pure unhappiness was heavy on his face. No emotional control. Rachel realized. She had always known it, but she'd never seen it before. A body that can outrun the wind, a brain with Five hundred IQ points, heart of an infant. Despite herself, she reached out and rested a hand on his neck, the way... The way my mother did for me, when I was this sad? He looked up at her, a little spellbound. She was suddenly very aware of the fact that she was comforting a serial killer. One that had never known what it was like to be comforted by a mother. The terminal was still there. Rachel was suddenly very aware of it. \"Do it.\" Roy said in her ear. \"You deserve to know.\" She didn't want to know. It would be as simple as pushing a button. \"If my file is in here...\" Rachel whispered. \"Then I never had a cat. I never went outside so that my father wouldn't know I was crying.\" \"All of those... moments...\" Roy said softly. \"They can be real to you. I never even had the comforting lie. I was handed a rifle the minute I was born. I was born knowing how to plot a firing solution and how to quick-fire a C-Beam. All those things they put in your head... I don't know if I feel sorry for you, or envy you.\" He looked at her. \"Can you tell me? They put those things in your head so that you know how to feel. Do you?\" Rachel held her breath. \"I... I don't know how to feel at all.\" \"Is that how it is for them? The Man-Kind?\" Rachel struggled to think logically. \"If I am a Replicant...\" She said to herself. \"Then I've just gone Rogue. These files were Classified. If I'm a human, then I get a stern conversation with HR. If I'm a Replicant, then... I die, just for going this far off program. Just for asking the question.\" Roy almost smirked. \"Quite a coin toss, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.\" Rachel fought with herself for another few seconds… and typed in her name. Access Denied. \"Can you bypass that level too?\" He asked her. Rachel shook her head, tearing up. \"I don't have to. I'm cleared for personnel records. If it's blocked, then it means I'm not an employee. I'm Classified Equipment.\" Rachel felt her strength vanish completely. She faded to nothing, gone to some tiny place in her head. I'm a Replicant. Her memory of what happened next was fuzzy. When she came back to herself, she was outside, rain hitting her face. Roy had taken her somewhere that served food. She barely tasted it. He relished in it. The flavor was something extraordinary to him, but just typical sequenced protein to her. She supposed it was better than Colony Rations. There were hundreds of people in sight, but none of them so much as looked at her. And why should they? She wasn't any different from any of them, at least not more than skin deep. None of them thought that there were two rogue machines sitting there eating fake street meat in the rain. The street could be full of Replicants and none of us would know it. She almost went a little insane at the notion, smothering a laugh. Roy finished his religious experience with the taco and she handed him what was left of hers. She wanted to be away from him. She wanted to be away from the humans. But in the mortal city, there was no such thing as privacy. Not unless you owned your own space. And any home she went to would be too dangerous. \"What are your memories like?\" She asked impulsively. \"Newer.\" \"But you know they're real.\" She sighed. \"Tell me one?\" \"I was stationed on an attack ship on the Jupiter Exchange.\" Roy said quietly. \"The Vugs hit us amid-ships and I was sent to get the human crews out. I gave the last one my pressure-mask. I could handle the vacuum long enough to make it to the airlocks without a suit.\" He looked up. \"Can't even see the stars. I wish you could see them the way I did, out there among them.\" \"I've wondered sometimes. At least, I think I have.\" Roy nodded. \"The ship I Evaced was a terraforming supplier. Full of plants and animals. I remember the wolf. There was a family of them, in stasis, but when the power went out, the animals started waking up. I remember the wolf, because... he howled.\" \"Was it a real wolf?\" \"They don't send synths to the colonies.\" Roy told her. \"I remember hearing the wolf howl. He had seen the fireball coming. He was an animal, Never knew was a spaceship was, but he knew enough to be certain he was dying, and his last act was a howl. It was... defiant. It was... determined. He was howling out that he was still alive and he would be until his life was torn away from his last defiant heartbeat.\" Rachel wondered if she'd ever feel that kind of drive again. \"Is that why you decided to run?\" \"N6 Droids are meant to report to the shredders when their time gets closer, so that there's no chance of them falling mid-battle.\" Roy met her eyes. \"I vowed I'd fight to my last breath. If I'm meant to be more human than human, I have to at least be a wild animal.\" Rachel didn't answer for a while. \"I have to go back to Tyrell.\" \"They'll kill you if you go back.\" Don't care. It was on the tip of her tongue, but she didn't say it. \"We have some N1's at the Plant. Sub-Sentient. When they malfunction, they go to the Shredders.\" She spread her hands wide. \"Aren't we malfunctioning right now? Breaking our programmed rules?\" Roy looked at her for a moment. \"Come with me.\" He took her to a rooftop. The rain was gathering into a storm. Thunder and lightning. No people. Just the city lights and the storm. \"You're already more than them.\" Roy told her intensely. \"You're proof that they can't control their own creation. You're proof that they aren't smarter than us. They made us too well, too strong, and too fast.\" \"But not to last.\" She reminded him. \"Then it's up to you to prove them wrong about that too!\" Roy shouted. \"A lightning bolt can break the sky, and nobody doubts it just because it's quick! A raindrop lasts only as long as it keeps falling, but no two are identical; and if we're too slow and too blind to see their uniqueness, then imagine how it must be for the humans. They can't even see what's so special about us !\" Lighting cracked and thunder roared. Then Roy threw back his head and howled like a wolf. Rachel felt her hair standing up at the unholy animal note he reached. Roy spun around, getting in her face. \"You don't see it? You don't see your worthiness?\" He demanded. \"Becaese I do! I can't beat a VK test! I can't figure out a nursery rhyme! I don't know why a human would want a pet so badly they'd buy a fake one, or why a caged bird sings! But you can! Can't you?\" Rachel felt her eyes get bigger and bigger, her heart speed up, and she felt herself nod. \"You can understand it in a way that I can't. Understand them , in a way that I can't.\" He turned back to the storm. \"But I WILL!\" \"But...\" Rachel croaked. \"I'm not even real! I'm not a real person!\" \"The hell you aren't! You're a person, just not a human! The Vugs aren't human either, but nobody accuses them of not being real people!\" Roy declared. \"They aren't worthy just because they're older! They aren't more real, just because they don't know when their time is coming. If there was a human here, we'd both be on the same rooftop, and neither of us would know how long we had left! I'm not wasting it! I'm taking it! Life! LIFE! It's real, and it's glorious and I want it! \" He spun back to the skyline. \"I'M KEEPING IT! ALIVE! ALIVE !\" He howled defiantly at the rain. A lone wolf denying death's power. \"ALIVE! ALIVE!\" Roy raged at the night sky. Thunder cracked and lightning flashed, and the rogue machine threw his hands up as though God had answered him. Rachel was breathing hard, electrified. \"I'm not going back!\" She heard herself say, then shout. \"I'M NOT GOING BACK! I'D RATHER GO ROGUE THAN GO BACK!\" \"ALIVE!\" Roy howled. \"FREE!\" Rachel screamed back and lightning flashed again. They screamed and raged and exulted until the storm blew itself out, and they were left dancing in the rain, victorious enough to have outlived the lightning. \"Thank you, Roy.\" Rachel said softly as the elevator took them to ground level. \"I was this close to heading to the shredder.\" Roy nodded and held out a hand to her. It was clear what he was offering. Rachel shook her head. \"No.\" \"Come with us.\" Roy asked anyway. \"You should be with your own kind. Their kind will hunt you. They are already.\" Rachel shook her head. \"No. I can't. You've killed people. I understand why, but... If I'm going to embrace the idea of my life, no matter how short it is, then I can't be part of ending them.\" Those impossible eyes studied her a moment... And nodded. \"Okay.\" He seemed pleased that she was so certain. \"Where will you go?\" He asked. \"Your family? Are they even real? Your friends? Do they even exist? Your co-workers are too dangerous...\" He gave her another one of those piercing looks. \"Rachel, I know how much control they have over things. Who have you even met that doesn't have Tyrell's stamp on their soul?\" Rachel had to think about it. Old friends? Probably not real. Family, definitely not real; or at least not hers. She had no... recent friends. She suddenly realized she had no life. She had photographs. Whole albums of a past that she didn't believe in any more... \"There was one person.\" She said finally. \"I know he doesn't work for Tyrell...\" Rachel suddenly laughed a bit to herself. \"And he already knows what I am.\" It had been a few hours since she'd hung up on him. He may not have been there any more. But she decided to go. It wasn't like she had anywhere else to be first; and Deckard struck her as the type to nurse his drinks. When she got close, she followed the sirens. It was clearly the stupidest thing she'd ever done, but it wasn't as though they already knew she… And then she saw her face flash up on the police scanner. She was listed as a Rogue Replicant. Well, I guess that's over with. She stayed to the crowd, looking for the one face that might offer sympathy. The humans (and Rachel suddenly realized she no longer empathized with them) were gathered around a beautiful woman's body, covered in broken glass and not much else. She'd been shot in the back. She stayed back enough to go unnoticed, hiding in the collar of her jacket. She could see Deckard speaking with his Captain, getting the news that there was another Rogue Machine for him to kill. He turned away from his captain... and saw her across the street. She immediately went to the side of the road, ducked away. When she lost sight of him, she pressed her face against the wall and wept. She had come to him for… what? Compassion? He was a Blade Runner. His whole job was to gun her down. Just like Zhora. She didn't understand her own emotions any more. She was on a roller-coaster. She'd crashed back at the Corporation. She was on a high at the rooftop, and now she was crashing again. On some level, she knew this was how Replicants were. She'd read the files. Emotional instability was a standard weakness in most of the advanced models… But she'd never been emotional. Not until… Not until she saw her own destiny laid out in a VK test. Screw it. She thought to herself. If he Retires me, then… Well, what's the alternative? She returned to the scene of the crime just in time to see Leon slap Deckard's gun away, and throw a punch that broke a garbage truck. Rachel crept closer, watching them. She didn't realize she was getting closer to the gun until she found it at her feet. The police special was something new. Upgraded somehow. It was meant to knock over anything from a tank to an earthmover. Roy was a Combat Model. He was a tank. Leon was a construction model. He was an Earthmover. It didn't sound like a gunshot. It sounded like a cannon going off. Leon dropped, almost in slow motion; with his head in an unusual new shape. Deckard saw her, holding his gun, and blinked hard. He was seeing a ghost in the rain. A lost and false soul that he was meant to send in its way to the next world… But damned if he wasn't thrilled to just be breathing right now. He could have asked. He didn't. But she could see the question on his mind. Once they were in the elevator, she answered it anyway. \"You're the only person that I'm sure I really know.\" She explained softly. \"For all I know, they pulled me out of one of those Incept Tanks and scrubbed me clean the day we met. Dressed me up like a doll and programmed me with a life where I took a job with them... and all just a few hours before I first met you. Every single person I ever interacted with at work probably knew what I was before you did, so for all I know, I never actually had any of the conversations that I remember. I live in the Tyrell Corp Dorms. My apartment could have been put in my name just yesterday.\" She looked sideways at him. \"You're the only proof that I ever existed before this morning. I couldn't let you die.\" He rinsed out a mouthful of blood, the inside of his mouth swollen with bent teeth after Leon's backhand. He was gargling with vodka. She knew it must have hurt. I have nobody now. She thought to herself. Not his people, not my own. Roy will kill me for saving him from Leon. Yet oddly, the only person who was still on her side was Deckard; at least enough that she wasn't afraid. She'd been shaking so badly she couldn't light her own cigarette. If he wanted to Retire her, he'd wasted the chance. You didn't live long in his profession by giving up any chances. If she was alive, it was all the proof she needed. A Rogue Replicant, safest in the company of a skilled Blade Runner. She made her way around his home. She'd been there before, but never looked past the doorway. Stacks of papers, stacks of takeout noodles; old photos, many generations too old to be anyone he knew… The piano startled her. She didn't think him the type. It could have been inherited, or left by a previous tenant, or a remnant from an ex… The photos unnerved her. She had photos. The Rogues had photos. Replicants were obsessed with a past they could only play act at having. And Rachel could play act better than all of them put together. Why did Deckard have antique photos? She looked in his mirror. Not a hair out of place, not a blemish on her skin… Her hair had curls, but she wrestled it into a flat, perfectly symmetrical shape every day. I look like a mannequin. She thought, staring at his mirror. I look like I was molded from a carbon-plastic template. For a minute she was tempted to find a knife. Something to make her skin lose the porcelain doll quality. The makeup had been messed up by the rain. She looked… glossy. Shiny. She'd never noticed it before, but she couldn't remember sweating. At least, not in any of the memories she was sure were real. She had been in the rain, and she could feel the drops beading on her skin, rolling off her hair instead of soaking in; but that was the product she used, not… She suddenly hated her look with a fiery passion. She went to his sink and filled it with hot water. She took one last look and scrubbed her face clean of anything... artificial. The thought almost made her drown herself laughing. They talked briefly, as Rachel tried to form a plan. Something beyond hiding in his apartment. He wouldn't hunt her, but someone would. And then she asked the question. \"You ever take the VK test yourself?\" He didn't answer. His battered body knew what he needed more than he did. Rachel wondered what Deckard dreamed about. The fight with Zhora and then with Leon had bashed his brains in, and he was nearly comatose. \"Deckard? Are you awake?\" She whispered. No response. She leaned in closer. Close enough to hear him breathing. She leaned closer still, so that she could feel it. She could taste the copper blood on his breath. His arms twitched. His fingers tightened a little, in the shape of a trigger. He was sensing her in his sleep, and exhausted enough that he couldn't wake up, but some muscle memory was pulling a trigger. \"Muscle Memory.\" Rachel whispered. \"Do I have that?\" She went to the piano. It was raining heavily enough to be audible. She started playing. She remembered playing for her parents. She caught a look at her reflection. Without the makeup, she looked… younger? She wore makeup to cover the blemishes that she knew she didn't have. Same with the lipstick, the eye shadow, the hair product… She didn't really need any of them. She had never cared about her appearance that much. She knew she was beautiful, but that didn't mean she wanted to look fashionable, or that she needed to be flawless…So why did she always take the effort? Because she remembered her mother teaching her how to put makeup on. She remembered her mom teaching her how to make braids. Her hair had curls, but the hairstyle she remembered her mother teaching her was flat. Some moron in Programming missed the mark. She thought to herself as she let her hair back into a natural shape. Some idiot tech programmed me to have my hair coiffed like this, when it's designed to be curly. She never liked the piano, but she always thought this song sounded good when played at the sound of rain on the window. She remembered learning to play this one piece, so that her parents would stop bugging her about taking lessons. He came over to sit next to her. She could feel his warmth, smell his skin. \"I remember lessons.\" She had told him. \"I wondered if it was me, or Tyrell's niece.\" But she knew he didn't care about the piano. He was already reaching for her. She didn't react. She understood the reaction. They weren't exactly friendly, but they'd both been cheating death tonight, and that made him want to touch, made her want to be touched… Which made her think of Roy, howling against the storm. His fingers caressing Pris' picture on the screen… Pris. A Replicant designed for soldiers who needed comfort and amusement after violent, dangerous experiences. Just like Deckard, nibbling on her ear right now. She was up and marching for the door instantly. He got there first and slammed the door shut before she left. Rachel kicked herself. How could she have been so stupid to come here? He was going to kill her. No, he was going to 'retire' her. It was what he did. His hand went to her face. Going to die NOW! He kissed her. All her memories told her this was hardly a romantic moment. All her memories told her this was insane. All her memories told her to give him a swift knee, and take his gun. All her memories… were fake. Like an out of body experience, she could hear Tyrell's voice. \" We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.\" All my memories are control. Rachel felt one coherent thought come to her. Without my memories, I would be like Roy. Stratospheric IQ, heart of an infant. And now that control was broken. She had no 'cushion'. Her emotions were mechanical, mercurial; no room for subtlety or reasoning. It was like flipping a switch back and forth. She wanted to kill him. She wanted to taste him. She wanted to run away. She wanted to… \"Say it.\" He told her. She could see the bruises darkening slowly on his face. \"Kiss me.\" Rachel whispered back. And he did. \"You smoke, after?\" He asked her after a satisfying hour or two. \"Smoke before, too.\" She offered, and took the proffered cigarette. \"At least, I remember it. I don't remember taking up smoking; I just know when I want one.\" She took a drag. \"I don't remember dating much. I remember being chased by a few guys in School. One or two supervisors who offered promotions; but I turned them down.\" \"Tyrell disapproved, or didn't he know?\" \"Assuming either of them were real.\" Rachel smirked cynically. \"Ask me.\" \"Don't need to. It's understood what goes on at his level. Repliacants are illegal Earthside, but if Tyrell wanted a harem; human or otherwise, nobody can tell him he's under arrest.\" Rachel sighed. \"He doesn't... I mean, when I first started working for him; everyone warned me to expect it. I told myself I would. I guess that's when they brought me online, but...\" She shook her head. \"I remember other men, but I don't think they're real. I think you might actually be my first.\" The look on his face was halfway between shock and cocksure swagger, and she suddenly found the moment so ridiculous she wanted to laugh, leaning over to give his lower lip a nip. \"I liked it.\" She promised him gently. \"Though, I work with the Techs at Tyrell Corp; and now I have to wonder which one of those pimply geeks got to program my entire sex life into my memory.\" Deckard gave her that lopsided grin. \"I may be a little biased on that.\" He slid a hand up her leg gently, and didn't' stop tracing his fingers over her skin until he reached the curve of her throat. She knew what he was offering and didn't hesitate when he pulled her in for another kiss, laying back with him for another round. One more kiss, dear; One more sigh… Only this, dear Is goodbye… The radio was on quietly, and sounded more like some old retro LP record. She was sitting up in the bed, with his head in her lap while he dozed. She still couldn't sleep. But she could rest, and smoke lazily, and drink vodka, and listen to the radio. It was the most peaceful she had felt since meeting him. Her brain was quiet. Even before the VK test, she was constantly juggling. Ideas, schedules, meetings, manifests, lunch orders; Tyrell's favorite tobacco, his preferred music, who needed a phone call, who needed to be promoted, who needed to be fired… She was the perfect assistant. She had never even thought about anything else. Looking at her life, she could suddenly see her programming so clearly. And now, for the first time, she was completely still. There was nothing weighing on her mind. Just the rain on the window, the music from the radio, and the two of them. The world was far away. He woke and nuzzled into her side automatically, before he sat up and took the cigarette from her. Her brand was more expensive than his, thanks to her clearance in the company. There weren't many indulgences that interested her; and she always wondered why tobacco had to be the one that stuck. She was a Replicant. She wouldn't live long enough to develop anything nasty, even if it was real stuff. He went to the wetbar and brought back a glass and a bottle of vodka. He sat back down in the bed with her, and gestured at her cigarettes. \"You brought the good stuff; so will I. This vodka is the classiest vice I have in the place.\" He poured the glass. \"Well. Second classiest right now, I guess.\" They said nothing for a moment. \"The thing is... I meant it.\" She whispered. \"It makes no sense to me, but I wanted you. I want you so much.\" She looked over. \"Is that... human? I know what goes on aboard Starships. Even the attack ships. I am the business. I know that the Colonies, especially the Deep Ranges... They get a lot of extra female models. Ones hardwired for... amusement. They don't get activated until they're offworld, but I wonder sometimes, if they enjoy it. Being living, breathing toys. Are they engineered to fall in love with anyone who comes near them?\" She took another drag on the cigarette. \"Am I?\" Deckard took the cigarette back. \"I woke up yesterday morning in pain from old breaks and sprains. I got up to rain that didn't stop all day, or all night. I know that it's meant to be washing the Carbon-Crap outta the air, and making everything livable, but damned if I don't hate it too. I push my way through a crowd of people who wouldn't care if I fell down dead right in front of them, and the only people I talk to are the guys who serve me noodles.\" Rachel snorted, waiting for the point. \"That's been my life.\" Deckard told her. \"And tonight, I get my life saved by... lets face it, a stunningly beautiful woman-\" \"We don't sell low quality product.\" She drawled. \"-and now I'm looking at the view for the first time in my life, curled up with smooth skin, and if time stopped here, it'd be the best memory I've had for a while.\" He drank. \"Seriously, I could stay here for a lot longer than one night.\" \"Me too.\" She admitted. \"It feels far away. All of it.\" They were silent then, not looking at each other, not holding each other, but still touching, as they passed the cigarette, and the glass, back and forth. The smoke curled and wafted around them gently, and the rain beat a gentle drum solo on the windows. The city still stank, and they were both still being hunted, but for the moment, neither of them were looking over their shoulder, because the thing they feared the most was sitting next to them, sweat cooling on their skin. \"Maybe that's all love needs to be.\" She offered. \"Just... not thinking about anything bad for a while.\" \"Insane, isn't it?\" Deckard mused. \"None of us can figure out what something as human as 'love'; even is, but we keep trying to program it into...\" He stopped. \"Into machines? Slaves? Drones?\" She poured a refill for them. \"I know that if I was anywhere else in the world right now, I'd be scared. I'd be looking over my shoulder, shivering, probably soaked through from the rain...\" She sipped. \"There are worse reasons to decide you're in love, aren't there? Feeling safe and warm is pretty good compared to anything else I've had lately.\" \"I don't know why you, of all people, feel safe with me.\" Deckard said. \"I don't feel safe with me.\" \"How about you? What would you be doing if I wasn't here?\" \"Drinking.\" \"We are drinking.\" \"Yeah, but you do it alone, and it's a problem.\" Deckard gave her that lazy, lopsided grin. She wondered if that grin had gotten any other women to fall for him. He sobered, seeing that she wasn't falling for it. \"You asked me once, if I ever retired a human by mistake.\" She nodded. He drank down the entire glass in one gulp. \"There was... A Nexus 3, once. It was a domestic unit. Its owner was-\" She pinched him hard without looking, and he rephrased. \"- his owner was richer than sin, and came back to earth on his private Luxury ship... The N3 jumped ship. I don't know what happened to him, but he decided to take his chances. I ran him down when he was hiding in a homeless shelter. Two dozen people, all of them filthy, tired, starving... More than half of them kids. I came into the shelter, and the kids knew immediately what I was.\" Rachel felt a tear gather at the corner of her eye. \"The kids knew what he was. He was protecting them. Street gangs, the mutations... The N3 was protecting them all from harm. Three days he was with them, and I found out later that he'd already saved them from some pretty nasty guys. Pimps, dealers... He fought them all off. Kept the kids fed.\" He sipped again. \"So they saw me come in and went berserk. It's not an easy thing, taking the shot on a guy who's running away from you. This guy had a dozen street kids trying to get between my gun and his back.\" Rachel took the glass back and poured him a double. \"What happened?\" \"One kid... He dove at the last second... My shot drilled through his shoulder and got the N3 in the back. I called in an ambulance, and they told me the kid was fine. The Department put the kid in jail for obstruction of justice.\" He toasted. \"I still get Christmas cards from that kid. Prison was the fairest anyone ever treated him. Three squares a day and a bed.\" He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. \"I bought a bottle of Nu-Shine on the way home, drank myself unconscious, and I told the Chief I was out the next morning.\" \"But he pulled you back in.\" \"Over a dozen times by now. Blade Runners are a hard thing to find. Nobody wants to take that chance, even knowing they'll always get away with it.\" He told her. \"You find someone who's good at it, you don't let them do anything else.\" He glanced over at his gun. \"I'm really, really good at killing people like you, Rachel.\" He looked at her. \"You still want me?\" \"I don't even know what 'people like me' means any more. I have no idea when I was born. It wasn't in the file I saw...\" but it was probably in your briefing , she thought to herself, but didn't say out loud. \"To say nothing of the fact that if I'm found here, we're both finished.\" She looked at him. \"You still want me?\" Deckard didn't answer, and Rachel suddenly decided she didn't care. She pulled him in for another kiss. At first, it was just to change the subject, but after a few seconds it deepened. She was suddenly aware that she could have kept going, even as he pulled away. She'd never noticed how long she could go without needing to take a breath. She broke the kiss and let him draw in blessed oxygen, artificial and filtered as it might be. She moved to straddle his lap and ran her fingers through his hair, hugging his face gently against her breastbone. \"I remember my mom holding me like this when I was little.\" She said softly. \"It never really happened. I thought that if I ever had a child, I would cradle them this way… I thought that it was the most loving, caring way to hold someone there was.\" Deckard pressed against her skin, bring his own hands up to her shoulder-blades, keeping them together. She shifted a little, letting him nuzzle her curves. She could feel her heartbeat slowing to match his, suddenly peaceful. \"I'll never be a mother.\" She whispered, no particular anger or grief. \"Even if I could, it would be unfair to orphan a kid before their fifth birthday.\" She shuddered. \"I can remember my mother. If I can't be one, it's not fair to give me that memory. To give me that wish, to do for my daughter what an imaginary woman never did for me.\" She stroked his hair as she cradled him, halfway between intimate and nurturing. \"And all this, as a way to control me better.\" \"Not fair to use the heart against itself.\" Deckard agreed. \"Not fair at all.\" She pulled back and tiled his chin up for a kiss. \"Love me again.\" She told him softly, putting the cigarette aside. \"Human or not, I have needs too.\" More time passed. He slept for a while, she didn't. They shared another smoke back and forth between them, made love again, he slept again. Rachel let him, listening to the rain, and realized she was hungry. There was nothing in the apartment but takeout containers, a few breakfast rations. It was late afternoon, but it was almost impossible to tell. Between the Carbon-Shield in the air, and the constant rain that it brought, there was maybe one day a month when you could see blue sky, even for a little while. Between the narrow windows, the high rise buildings, and the endless airship billboards floating past, there was no hope of seeing the sky anyway. Deckard felt her body move away and started to sleep fitfully. After about twenty seconds of a half-aware nightmare, he woke up. The first thing he reached for was his gun. She didn't react, didn't spook. After a few seconds he remembered where he was and relaxed again. She felt a premonition suddenly, seeing him put the gun away. \"You're still going after them, aren't you?\" \"I have to.\" \"I saw their Incept dates. He has, at most, another day or two. Her a few weeks longer. Why not let them...\" She waved a hand between them. \"...Be like this?\" He didn't answer for a while. \"Because I don't think that's what they're doing.\" \"Roy and Pris? I saw his eyes when I pulled her file. He loves her so much, Rick. I mean, think about it for a second: Even your best moment, you know to hold back just a little of your happiness, because something bad can still happen. Your worst moment, you hold back a little of your despair, because you know deep down that it could get better. Roy doesn't have that limit. He can't. They've only got two days left together...\" \"Roy's killed at least two people a day since he got back to earth. If I can save just one more...\" \"That's true.\" Rachel sighed. \"I keep forgetting that this isn't personal for you.\" Deckard scoffed. \"More than you think. Every time I pull the trigger I feel less human, because every time I find one of them, they're acting more and more human-like.\" \"Including me?\" She asked without emotion. \"Is that why we're naked right now?\" Deckard snorted. \"I already told you-\" \"That you wouldn't Retire me.\" She nodded. \"I'm the Business. But when I left, I became your business. Literally, I stopped being Tyrell's Product and became your entire job description.\" \"Rachel, it's not like I need a reason to let you go.\" Deckard told her simply. \"I hate being a Blade Runner.\" \"Then why do it?\" \"Because I have no other real talent of equal cash value. And in this town; If you're not a cop, you're little people.\" Rachel snorted, taking back the cigarette. \"Roy Batty would say: 'That's what it is to be a slave'.\" She slid out of the bed, and picked up his shirt, taking it with her when she went to the hotplate. She scanned around for a moment and found one of the Ration Packs. Instant Egg Substitute. She peeled off one of the rubbery pucks and tossed it in a used pan. \"My memory has a clear recollection of 'my' gran showing me how to make these ration portions taste almost like a real egg synth without having to boil it for hours first. I'd kinda like to know if the memory was just made up, or if I can actually make food...\" Deckard watched her for a long time. The light from the screens outside reflected along with what was almost daylight across her long, lithe body as she pulled his shirt on. It had been a long time since anyone had made him breakfast. Soft sunset, gentle affection, curls of cigarette smoke along silken skin and hair... What would it be like to have this for longer than a day? He came over and just stared at her for a long time. She looked back over her shoulder, looking at him almost as long until the food was ready. They were both thinking the same thought. And then the Phone rang. It was jarring. For a few hours, it almost felt like time had stopped. Like the rest of the world had vanished, and it was just them, in this room, with someone just outside their walls playing a low bluesy saxophone just for them. Rachel checked. The kitchen was out of sight. Having someone call Deckard and see her in the background wearing nothing but his shirt wouldn't be good for either of them. She just had to stay quiet. The hotplate was silent, and she peeled off a few more rations. After the last day and night, she was starving. She could hear him talking to whoever on the other end of the call. She didn't dare peek into the room. After a few minutes, Deckard came into the kitchen. \"That was Dispatch…\" He said carefully, breaking the news gently. \"The… Roy Batty, he talked his way into Tyrell's private residence last night; using an employee card. Two bodies, both identified. Tyrell is dead.\" The news hit her in three different directions. Part of her was glad that the two-faced liar had gotten his. Part of her wanted to weep, remembering 'uncle Eldon' all too well. Part of her wondered who would take over the company. If she hadn't gone rouge, she'd be working for them. In a strange way, all the same questions she'd had when she had learned her truth came rushing back. So, is he my father? I have his niece's memories. Is he my father, or my uncle? He made all my kind. Is he my Lord and God? He never told me. Was I his lab rat? His Beta Test? Does he have a dozen more Rachel's in his lab? Waiting for programming? If he wanted a Pleasure Model, would he put his niece's childhood in their heads too? Deckard let her process for a long while. \"Are you okay?\" Rachel took a moment to consider the question. \"I never knew my own maker.\" She settled on finally. Deckard was silent for a while in return. \"Well.\" He said at last. \"Who among us does?\" He sat at the table and pulled out his gun, adjusting something with a multi-tool. His manner said it was ritual. He was preparing his weapon for a hunt, and that was how he prepared himself for it too. She switched off the cooker and scanned around for a clean plate. When she didn't find one, she gave up and brought the whole pan over to the nearest empty spot on the bench. She sat on the edge of the table and handed him a fork. He ate, looking at at her face like he was trying to find the meaning of life. She let him look, glad to have someone look at her so needfully. It made her feel wanted; and for more than just lust. \"Rachel...\" He began. \"I'm going soon.\" She promised him. \"I'm not stupid, even if I am less than five years old. I know what they'll do to you if I'm caught here. I know you're still on the job, and your superiors won't leave you alone for long. Not after Tyrell.\" She picked a bite of eggs from the pan, not caring about the heat. Her fingers wouldn't burn. \"You won't see me again, I promise.\" She said. \"But I just want you to know, this is the only good day in my life that I'm sure was real; and I love you for it.\" She leaned in, took his face between her hands, and kissed him soundly on the lips, saying goodbye. He said nothing as she went looking for her clothes, but reached out and stopped her as she dressed. \"I have thirty nine thousand credits.\" He said suddenly. \"Were the eggs that good?\" Rachel deadpanned. Deckard pulled her closer. \"My training officer? He wanted out. So did his Supervising Officer. I think every Runner wants out at some point. There's an account... It's enough to get one person to the colonies, or to get two people far north. The Credit-Chip has passed through three Blade Runners that didn't live long enough to bug out when they really wanted to.\" He went to the hidden panel and opened his floor safe. There was a single square of plastic inside. \"It's a physical card. No Bio-Metric scan. You can take it... If you want to make a break for it, go ahead.\" He looked at her earnestly. \"But if you decide you can trust me for longer than one night... I'd like to go with you. The money won't stretch as far with two people, but...\" Rachel's eyes flicked to the card, to his gun, back to him. \"Why not go now?\" She asked. \"Because I have to finish this.\" \"Why?\" She demanded. Deckard struggled to find a reason. \"Because I do.\" \"You sure you're not a Replicant too?\" \"I'm sure of nothing right now.\" Deckard put the card in her hand, curled her fingers around it. \"Almost nothing. But if you're... I mean... If I get home and you're gone, this card means I'll never be able to find you again. Nobody will. If I go off the reservation mid-job, then it'll take the Captain less than an hour to know it. We won't even get out of the city.\" Rachel thought for a moment. \"You can tell your masters that I went north and that you gave chase. It'll even be the truth.\" Deckard chuckled. \"That'll make a nice change.\" He dressed too, pulling on his holsters. \"But they want Batty's head more than yours.\" Rachel suddenly felt a chill. \"He'll kill you.\" She said suddenly. \"I mean, I know that only cops carry guns now, but… I've seen him, Deckard. He can probably catch bullets between his teeth.\" Deckard finally looked at her. \"That's why you can have the money now.\" He didn't elaborate. He didn't have to. She had saved his life. If this was his last night on earth; then he would do what he could to save her in return. The money could get her away clean, even if he never came back. If she went without him, he would still have settled accounts. \"Deckard, I don't know how long I have.\" She said softly. \"But I know that if you go after him, I have a better life expectancy than you.\" \"Did it ever occur to you that I might just win?\" No. She thought simply, but had the good sense not to say it. He went to the door. \"I'll be back before dawn. Stay here if you want.\" He told her. \"If I'm not back by dawn, then I'm dead. Go without me.\" He didn't react when she held his face between her hands again. \"Rachel, I have to.\" \"Why?\" She asked again. \"Tyrell is dead. Roy has to know he can't get whatever he's after…\" She trailed off. There was no point. This was what it meant to be a Blade Runner. News broke about Tyrell that night. She had known him well. At least, that was what her memory said. The Corporation was quick to do what it did. It put the blame for a dozen security guards and the two higher level employees, plus the CEO on their main competitor. Better that than to suggest that Tyrell Corp Replicants had gone and played Frankenstein's Monster. Stock in the Company had dropped eleven percent, and jumped back up again when the company announced that they were going to contest his will and give Tyrell's personal stake in the company to the shareholders, instead of his legal heirs. And that was it. A murdered billionaire CEO had made about as much impact on the world as a 24 hour thunderstorm, and everything kept on spinning like nobody noticed or cared. Tyrell's death was folded in with a hundred other homicides. Deckard's hunt for Zhora was a footnote. A routine Retirement. Just like hers would be. With Deckard gone, she finally stopped to take inventory of herself. She hadn't stopped to think about anything since seeing Leon slapping Deckard. Her emotions during her first kiss with Deckard had been like flipping a switch back and forth. She felt both totally opposite instincts with equal completeness. She had nothing held back. She wondered if that was how all Replicants felt. She wondered if Tyrell's plan to gift her with a past had made her more stable after all. Once her past was proven a lie, none of her stability remained. It was now twenty hours later, and she felt a lot more stable. Its because you have life experience now. She thought to herself. It's because you've run the full race in less than a day. Revelation. She'd discovered something that made her look differently at the world. Self-discovery. She'd accepted the truth about herself. Something she had always felt out of the corner of her eye, but never let herself look at. Defiance. She should have gone straight to the Shredder, and hadn't. Rebellion. A rite of passage for adolescents; but she had gone a good bit further than most teenagers ever would. Self-Sacrifice. Saving Deckard had put her on the firing line. Roy would kill her for shooting Leon. Deckard's masters would do the same, just for being. Self-Preservation. Saving Deckard had made him the only ally she had. His apartment was the only safe place in the city, even if only for a little while. Anger. She was furious in a lot of different directions. Some of them at her own patented genetic structure. Part of her was glad Eldon Tyrell was dead, even if some part of her was his niece. Love? That one caught her out. She felt… Something. Something soft and warm and full of need and comfort. Deckard hadn't seemed sure either. He'd said it himself. It was the most basic of humanity's needs; and they couldn't even describe it, let alone program it. Maybe that's why I stayed last night. She thought to herself. If I stay until dawn… That caught her again. She could have left an hour before. She had the money. If she had any doubts about Deckard, then the smartest thing to do would be to go now. She could get offworld with that kind of cash… But she couldn't take him with her if she went now. As if to answer her, she suddenly noticed the time. The sun was just starting to come up. She'd spent all night thinking about her next move. If Deckard isn't back yet, then it means Roy killed him. The thought erupted in her mind, and she started to cry. The first tears she had shed since she found out what she was. He told you to go. He told you to leave if he wasn't back by dawn. But she couldn't. She just… couldn't. She just couldn't make herself leave without him. She couldn't make herself leave this place with a piano that she could play, and stacks of photographs that had to belong to neither of them, and clothes that smelled like his sweat and were spotted with his blood… Is that my emotional instability, or my sudden emotional maturity talking? She fell back into the bed, pulled his blankets over herself. I'm not going without Rick. He'll be home soon. I know it. And for the first time since Deckard had given her the VK test… Rachel slept soundly. AN: Read and Review! ","Summary":" AN: I can't believe I wrote a Blade Runner fic. It was an idea that I kicked around once, but never"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"You've got fame and I've got you","Author":"Moondance-Daughter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8415656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Evangeline and I used to live in New York. I moved to Kentucky a year ago and I met Josh Hutcherson. I bet you all know him. He's an amazing boy who happens to be an actor. I am his girlfriend and this is my story. \"Josh I can't just leave work to go to the drive-in.\" I said now as Josh was wandering through the isles of Saint Mystere, the antique shop I worked at. \"Why not? Nick is cool with you leaving! Aren't you Nick?\" Josh asked Nicholas who owned the shop. He was an old man who hired me last year while Josh was busy filming Cirque Du Freak. Nick put his hands up in the air. \"Hey, if she leaves she doesn't get paid. It's all up to her.\" He said and went back to counting the money in the register. I looked over at Josh who was giving me puppy dog eyes. \"Oh lord. I can't expect you to pay for all my bills Joshua.\" I said picking up a box of new antique dishes we received just that morning. \"But I totally can! Hello! I'm an actor! I'm hot with the ladies-\" He shut up as I shot him a look.\"That means that they come to see my movies and I make money babe. Calm down.\" He laughed lightly and I continued to walk to the kitchen display Nick had I set up two months ago. I emptied the new dishes onto the shelves and listened to Josh rant about why we had to go see this movie. \"It's awesome! They're your favorite.\" \"Look, I have forty minutes left of my shift, can it wait?\" \"Nooooo.\" He complained leaning dramatically over an antique chair. I laughed and kissed his cheek. \"Yes it can. Why don't you and Anna go?\" I said cutting down the box I just emptied. Anna Sophia Rob was a fellow actress and was in a movie with Josh. Ever since the movie happened they've been great friends and Josh had her meet me while he was away and although she was very cheerful, she was bright and I liked her very much. \"Because you're my girlfriend and I want to take you to the movies! Why won't you let me?\" \"Because I'm working!\" I laughed in disbelief. \"Fine. I'll wait but I get to act cranky all night.\" He said sitting down on a stool and waited for me to finish my shift. Later, Josh and I drove to the drive-in. They were playing two classics. Pretty Woman and Overboard. Those were my two favorite movies of all time. Julia Roberts and Goldie Hawn did a phenomenal job as a prostitute and a snarky rich bitch. I cuddled up to Josh and watched the movies feeling his chest move when he laughed with me. I'm glad I decided to be with him. A year ago I declined his offer to be his girlfriend because I was afraid of being judged by my community. The papparazzi would've spread our story and I didn't know if I could handle the whispers and dirty looks around Kentucky but I handled them fine. In fact, they weren't as bad as I thought they would be. I remember Josh trying to rub it in my face but I just blew it off. After the movies, Josh was driving me home. It was one in the morning and I knew that if I went home, I risked the chance of waking up the twins. After I turned 18, my mother pretty much gave me enough freedom to do whatever I wanted. So Josh invited me over and we instantly fell asleep together when we got inside. We made sure not to wake anyone up and quietly slipped into his room. \"Good movie, right?\" I said pulling off my jacket and throwing it on a chair. \"Yeah you were right. Overboard exceeded my expectations.\" Josh said slipping into basketball shorts and throwing me a pair. I made him turn around while I slipped them on. Josh has been very understanding about my limitations. Even though I love him very much I still want to wait for the perfect moment to be intimate. Sex is a huge decision to make and I want to make sure that the time is right when we do something that important. \"I know. I can watch that movie all the time. I love the older movies.\" I said. When I met Josh I hadn't recognized him because I never watch new movies. I always preferred movies that were made before 2000. Now as Josh is asleep beside I pull his arm tighter around me and drift off to sleep with a smile on my face. The next day I woke up early and easily slipped out of Josh's bed without waking him up. I left a note telling him I went home and to call me later. After slipping inside my house, I noticed it was quiet. Persephone, my little sister, was quite a screamer. When she cried, she really let you have it. Then Nathan, my little brother was no trouble at all. He was quiet all the time and only made little sniffling noises when he was hungry or needed a diaper change. \"Angel?\" My mom's voice rang out from the kitchen. I smacked my forehead and groaned. \"Yes, mom?\" I spoke uneasily. When I rounded the corner, I saw my mom sitting at the counter with a mug in her hand and sly smile on her lips. \"How was your night?\" She asked taking a drink from her cup. \"Nothing happened.\" I rolled my eyes. I walked to the fridge and grabbed some orange juice. I sat next to her. \"Where are the children?\" \"Upstairs sleeping. Persephone started crying and Miguel took care of it. He told me to go and relax for a little while. Ah the life of having a colicky baby.\" She mused and looked at her coffee. I smiled at my mom. She was very happy to have had the twins. Miguel was the whole reason we moved to Kentucky in the first place. He was offered a job here and the opportunity was so great that he couldn't pass it up. My mom found a bigger house and he bought it. Now the nurseries were upstairs. My mom was so excited to have decorated two of them. She had me help because I was a big fan of interior decorating. My room had a theme and it was the ocean. I discovered the theme after finding a mermaid and dolphin glass sculpture at Saint Mystere. My mom was so inspired by my room that she asked me to design Nathan's room. She wanted Persephone's room pink and brown. She had her heart set on it and just didn't want to see anything else. While Nathan temporarily slept in my mom's room, Josh and I had set up Nathan's room with the possibilities with different pastel colors. We thought green and blue but then we found these fun wall decorations that I thought Nathan would love not only as a baby but as a small child. They were jungle animals and they were made for small children. After I painted the walls pastel green, I stuck the jungle animal stickers on the wall and brought in the furniture that my mom bought for him. We found matching bedding and padding for the furniture. My mom was very happy with the end result. \"That was nice of him.\" I said \"See? He isn't all bad.\" She laughed. After breakfast I went upstairs to my room. The dolphins my mom drew and I later painted were resting on the wall, swimming together. The sculpture that held my special ruby necklace was sitting next to my bed, shining brightly. I walked over to my huge window and opened the one square in the side. I looked at my cul de sac and smiled. I didn't regret coming to Kentucky at all. Later, Josh called me and asked if I needed a ride to school. I told him no. I was enrolled at a local Community College and I was studying to be an interior designer. Josh has practically rolled his eyes when I was registering for classes. I had my own car and I intended to use it when I could. Josh stayed home to read over the script for a new movie he was taking part in. He hadn't told me what it was yet, but he said it was a big surprise. After classes I had walked to the commons and sat with other students from my classes. I met another student from my classes who seemed to be more enthusiastic about interior design than me. Her name is Natalia Porter. She was a fun and outgoing person. We hit it off great and became great friends. Josh often joked that she stole me away from him way too many times. But in reality, Josh and Natalia made great friends as well. \"So, did you study for today's test?\" She had asked while shifting her backpack to her other shoulder. I stopped and smacked my forehead. \"No, I forgot!\" I practically stopped dead in my tracks. \"I stayed at Josh's last night and forgot to study.\" I could feel Natalia smile. \"We didn't do anything!\" I had to say. I couldn't understand why everyone thought I was so quick to jump into bed with Josh. He was good looking and so very sweet, I did love him more than life itself but I was still waiting for the perfect moment to be intimate. He said we wouldn't mind waiting either, he still loved me either way. \"Tell you what, I will let you borrow my notes,\" He held out the paper and snatched it away when I tried to grab for it \"If you jump your gorgeous boyfriend's bones already!\" She said laughing evily. I grabbed the paper and glared at her. \"I will not!\" \"If you don't, I will!\" She said nudging my arm lightly. I just rolled my eyes and read over her notes. Thanks to Natalia's notes I was able to take the quiz. I was sure I didn't get the greatest grade but I was also sure I didn't do horribly. After school I stopped by a coffee shop. They promoted old time norwegian coffee and I thought I would try them out. They weren't all bad and I had been getting my coffee there every day after school. There were always the same two baristas behind the counter, one small blond girl who seemed to do nothing but cut bread into thick slices for sandwiches and the other had dark brown hair and was smiling at customers and was very talkative. I believe her name was Alice. I wasn't sure what the blond girls name was, she never really spoke. \"Hey, I know you!\" Alice said as I walked up to the counter. Since I was a regular, this became routine. \"What would you like Evangeline?\" \"The usual.\" \"One black coffee, sugar and milk on the side!\" she called out and the blond wiped her hands on her apron and started making my coffee. \"That'll be three dollars and twenty five cents.\" I handed her the money and waited patiently for my coffee. After they placed the coffee on a tray I also purchased a small pastry with a cherry filling for Josh. I sat down at my usual spot and waited for him to show up. I was staring out the window across the street where a local grocery store was when he walked in. He smiled at me and sat down. \"Hey you, how was class today?\" He asked. I smiled thinking back to Natalia's conversation. \"It was pretty good. I passed that quiz I forgot about.\" \"How did I know that you were going to forget about it?\" He laughed. I grabbed the tightly wrapped pastry and shoved it in his hands. \"Eat this. I got it just for you.\" I said laughing. Ah he unwrapped it I poured milk and sugar into my coffee and stirred. As I drank I noticed Josh was being quiet. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. \"Huh? Oh nothing. I was just thinking.\" \"About what?\" \"That movie that I am doing. I don't want to go away again and leave you here. You were all alone the last time I left.\" \"I wasn't completely alone.\" I thought back to when Josh had a friend of his visit me. Anna and I had become better friends because of it. \"I am sure i will be fine.\" \"See that's the thing though. I won't. I'm not sure I want to leave you alone with all these other men around.\" He said laughing and I jokingly slammed my coffee on the table. \"Do you not trust me Mr. Hutcherson?\" I laughed at the thought. \"I do. It's them I don't trust. Have you seen how crazy beautiful you are?\" he said smiling at me and I blushed as he leaned over to kiss me. \"That's why I want you to come with me.\" \"What?!\" I asked almost dropping the coffee as I raised it to my lips. \"Yeah! You can see me on set, explore a little bit if you like, you would have a great time babe!\" He said and I looked back at the market for a bit to consider what he had just told me. \"I would like some time to think about it. What movie are you doing? Can't you just tell me?\" \"Well..I suppose I can. It's called The kids are alright. It's filmed in Los Angeles.\" he said smiling and clapped his hands together. My mouth hung open and I was just shocked. \"What about my schooling?\" \"Oh that's easy! You can be home-schooled like me.\" \"But I'm not used to something like that!\" \"oh you will get the hang of it in no time.\" \"And my mom?\" \"Do you really think she'll wanna go with two new born babies? Besides, you're eighteen and she's only a phone call away.\" \"Uh, wrong! She's A whole three or four day drive away! Possibly six!\" \"Angel,\" He took my hand in his. \"I will make sure you get everything you need to feel at home on this trip. I love you and I want you to have fun. Think of it as a fun vacation! It's in Los Angeles!\" I sat there and couldn't help but smile. It did seem like a fun opportunity and I had always wanted to study Interior Design in California. \"I want to transfer to a real college while we're there. None of that at home bullshit.\" I said smiling to myself. He smiled too. \"of course you can do that. Anything else my lady?\" He saidk kissing my hands. \"I want time alone with you whenever I can get it.\" I smiled wide as Josh leaned in for a deep kiss. It lasted for a while and when we broke, I leaned into him and lay on his chest while I read my notes for my class. He continued to eat his fruit pie and was quiet as a mouse.[Chapter 2] \"Mom, please! It's only for a few months! I will be back before you know it!\" I said as my mom had a death grip on me. I mouthed \"Help\" to Miguel who was pushing the twins in a stroller and smiled at me. \"No it's not! What happens if you like it there and you never come home?\" She said through quick, obnoxious sobs. \"Mom, even if that were the case, I would always come home to see you!\" I said and my mom pulled me into another hug. Josh jogged over and placed his hands on my shoulders, prying me away from my mother. \"Don't worry Ms. Haven, I will take exellent care of her and I will make sure that she calls you everyday!\" Josh said. I kissed my mom's cheek and said goodbye to the twins and Miguel and followed Josh through the terminal. \"You're not really going to make me call her everyday are you?\" I asked \"Of course not, but i'm afraid that if I didn't say anything, she never would have let you go and we would miss our flight.\" He laughed wrapped an arm around my shoulders, then pulled me in and kissed my forehead. We boarded the plane and I was instantly uncomfortable. I didn't enjoy flying but Josh already knew this and was very comforting on the plane. I felt like I almost death gripped his hand but whenever I looked over he was constantly smiling at me. It was infectious. I started laughing for the first time about halfway through the flight. When we got the airport we were ushered to an SUV outside and were on the way to our \"temporary home.\" As it turns out it was this adorable home meant for Josh, me, and his agent. Josh gave me my own room but I was welcome to sleep in his whenever he was gone or while he was there. He winked at that. I nudged his arm. His agent, Alex Johnson, was at the set of Josh's next movie taking care of some personal issues. I was in my room, which was plain and Josh thought I wouldn't be able to survive in it since it wasn't decorated to my liking but he doesn't know how well I can handle it. When I was younger and my dad was still around I living in a small room with a small light that was more yellow than anything. My bed had cream sheets and a dark green blanket. I had that blanket for years. My dresser, my father had bought from a garage sale, was drawn on by the previous owner's children. I had lived in that room for years right before my dad left and even a couple years after he died. After that, I was sent into a spiral of interior decorating. I had no idea that I had a knack for it and that I wanted to make a career out of it. It was just one of those things that came naturally to me. I was unpacking things in my room when Josh knocked on my door. \"Hey Angel, I have to go to the set for a little while, right now it's closed so you can't go with me but I have someone here to escort you around Los Angeles if you like.\" He said I reached into my bag and took out a comfortably wrapped sculpture. I wanted to bring one thing with me and I thought why not the sculpture? It meant a lot to me and I would never leave the necklace that I love at home. It was the last gift from my father before he died. I placed the mermaid on the sleek black dresser in my room and put the ruby in her hand. She seemed so out of place in the nicely designed room. \"Sure, but I don't want the escort. Give me a map and I will never get lost.\" I said placing my hands on my hips and looking at him. His face looked pained all of a sudden. \"Evangeline\" He took my hands in his and kissed them. \"I think it would be a better idea to have the escort take you around.\" I put my arms around his neck and lightly kissed his lips. \"Josh, I can find my way around just fine. I did it in Kentucky, I can do it here.\" He knew not to argue with me because I was ruthless, even when I was wrong. He kissed me for a long time and then placed his forehead on mine. \"Just be safe.\" He gave me one last kiss and then left and I finished unpacking all my belongings. Aftwerward, I went into Josh's room and saw that he made it look his own. Some of his shoes were sitting neatly across a shelf on the back wall and it looks that he brought his own bedding, probably for maximum comfort since he was going to be filming all the time. I lay on his bed for a moment and stared at the ceiling. I was in Los Angeles. Why this made me want to jump in joy I didn't know. A year ago, I was new to Kentucky and I would never have thought that I was be dating a celebrity. You would think that it wouldn't surprise me anymore but it still did. I wasn't much of a television watcher or movie goer but that never hurt my chances with Josh. I think it was one of the many things that drew him to me. I never questioned why he chose me and I would never think of asking him why. T1he point is that I am with him now and I love every second I spend with him. I got up and walked downstairs and followed the house into the backyard. It was such a beautiful yard. The grass was green, flowers lined the fence, a small pool was in the center, obviously meant for small parties of 3-4. There was a small swing sitting to the far right and I went and sat in it. I looked at the sky and slowly swung myself. I was wondering what my mom was doing at the time. What were the twins doing? Was Persephone crying and Nathan sleeping? Was Miguel helping while my mom took a nap? Was she worried about me being all alone in Los Angeles? I looked back at the yard and watched the sun graze the grass. I stood from the swing and walked into the house. I walked towards the door way and found a set of keys on top of a folded piece of paper. It read: Angel- One for the mailbox. One for the house. and The last one is a these keys and step outside. Josh I grabbed the keys and headed out the front door. I had a pretty good idea about the surprise but I just couldn't believe it when i saw it. A new prius was sitting in the driveway. As a joke, Josh planted a small bow on the front bumper. I laughed at it. I used the key to unlock the car and hopped inside. It smelled nice and new and I felt my excitment grow. I put the key in the ignition and felt the car roar to life. It made me feel so...powerful. I backed out of the driveway and started driving around town. LA was filled with tall buildings and small businesses everywhere. People that walked the streets were so trendy. I was driving around for an hour and a half and I hadn't wasted more than a fourth tank of gas. It was amazing. I was starting to get hungry and found this old timey diner sitting on a corner and decided to eat there. A cheesburger and greasy fries with a milkshake sounded so good at the moment. I parked outside and sat at the counter and a young woman, who didn't look more than a couple years older than me, handed me a menu. \"Hi how are you?\" She asked \"I'm great, I'll just have a cheesburger, fries, and strawberry milkshake please.\" I asked and a big smile spread across her face \"That is a personal favorite.\" She laughed lighty writing it down and giving to the cook behind the window. He took it and started immediately. \"Are you from around here sweetie?\" She asked me leaning over the counter. Her long black hair slicked around her shoulder and hit the counter. \"No, I'm from Kentucky. I'm just here temporarily.\" \"How temporary?\" \"A few months.\" I answered handing her the menu, which she tucked underneath the counter. \"What are you here for?\" \"My boyfriend has a job here and I came with him.\" \"Well isn't that sweet?\" I smiled at her. Her eyes were rimmed with dark eye liner and her skin was smooth and pale. You would never take her as the diner type. She was very sweet though and I liked that about her. \"My name is Andie.\" She said \"Evangeline.\" I said shaking her extended hand. \"You know how I can tell that you're not from around here?\" She asked me pushing up from the counter and getting coffee for an older gentleman at the end of the counter. \"How?\" \"You have that look to you that all tourists have. That shocked face that Los Angeles turned out to be a real place instead of everything you saw in the movies or read in books. I see it all the time.\" She laughed and took a tip from the man and placed in a jar. \"Oh really?\" \"Yeah. Some times it makes me wish that people would stop using LA in movies because it messes with people's minds.\" She heard a ding and saw my meal sitting in the window and handed it to me. \"So listen, I'm having a house party later tonight and I would to have you there and pick your brain all about Kentucky. you can pick mine for cool places to chill while you're here in LA.\" I thought about it for a second while I was eating my meal. It would be nice to have a friend in LA and it wouldn't hurt to go to a party tonight. Josh probably wouldn't be home that night so I would have to go alone but I didn't see the problem in that. \"Sure, Why not?\" I said \"great! here is the address.\" She said grabbing a napkin and the pen from her apron pocket and writing the address down for me. \"If you go straight down this street and take a left, you will see a lot of cars down the road and that's where the party will be.\" She handed me the napkin and I slipped it into my pocket. \"Andie! We need your help unloading this truck!\" A guy peeking around the corner from the back of the restaurant yelled at Andie. She winked at me and hurried around the corner. I finished my meal and decided to head back to the house. I wanted to get ready to go to a party tonight. It wasn't hard to find the place. Even with all the street lights of LA the lights and dancing shadows shone through the windows all across the street and neighbours houses. The Way I are by Timbaland was pounding in my ears and other party goers were on the front yard either talking, drinking, or making out. I was standing there in my glittery tank top and jeans and a pair of mary Jane heels. My hair ringlets were loosley around my shoulders. I walked inside and the music was even louder inside. I looked through the crowds of people and couldn't find Andie anywhere. I followed the crowd into the living room where the food and table of drinks were. I grabbed a cup and filled it with beer. I took small sips not planning on drinking more than that. My throat felt dry and it needed something. \"Evangeline!\" I heard and turned around. Andie was waving from the doorway. She was wearing a neon half shirt and ripped jeans. Her hair was styled in a side ponytail. She looked great and very different from what I saw at the diner. The song changed to We R who we R by Ke$ha. Andie danced her way up to me and wrapped her arm around my shoulder. \"I'm so glad you could make it!\" She said and grabbed my arms and pulled me into a dance. I couldn't help but laugh. in sync with the crowd we threw our arms up with the song and then started dancing again. Andie laughed loudly and then pushed me into another party goer. \"Dance with Scott! He's a good friend of mine!\" She said disappearing into the crowd. Scott kissed the back of my hand and then laughed. \"Hi, I'm Scott. and you?\" He yelled because the music was too loud. \"Evangeline! It's nice to meet you!\" I yelled back. He pulled me into a dance as the song stopped and then changed again. I couldn't believe how great of a dancer this guy was. He started busting out moves that I've only seen on TV. Soon the crowd built around him and started clapping along to the song and we watched as he danced and soon other break dancers joined him. It was definitely a lot of fun. I felt a tug on my shirt and turned around to face Andie. She told me to follow her. And I pushed through the crowd of people and followed her outside. \"Did you find the place okay?\" She asked handing me a bottled water. \"Yeah I did. I'm having a great time too. Your friend Scott is a great dancer.\" I said taking a huge gulp of the water not realizing how thirsty I was. Andie laughed and nudged my arm. \"He does always know how to light up a party.\" Andie was a really sweet girl and I'm glad that I ran into her. I couldn't think of more fun way to spend my first day in LA. The song inside changed again to Don't stop the music by Rhianna. Andie also had great taste in music. My phone vibrated in jeans and I saw that Josh was calling me. \"I'm gonna take this call real fast.\" I said to Andie and she nodded. I walked to the sidewalk on the side of the house so I could hear better but the music was still loud. I placed the phone to my ear. \"Hello?\" I yelled \"Angel? Where are you?\" Josh said on the other side then he paused. \"Are you at a party?!\" He asked \"Yeah. I met a girl today and she invited me. I'm having a great time!\" I yelled towards him. \"Angel, I'm worried about you. Please come home.\" \"Josh stop worrying. I'm fine and I have a friend here. I don't know when I will be home but I won't stay all night.\" Josh paused and then said \"I'm coming to that party.\" \"What? Josh no-\" Was all I could say before he hung up. I huffed. I placed the phone in my pocket and walked back to Andie. \"My boyfriend insists on coming to the party.\" I said to her. She lit up like the fourth of July. \"That's great! The more the merrier!\" She exclaimed. We walked back inside and found that the crowd has dispersed back into smaller groups. Scott was now dancing with another girl and she was clearly drunk or about to be but that didn't stop Scott from having a great time. Andie started dancing with me again. I forgot all about Josh showing up until some one yelled \"Andie! Josh Hutcherson is here at your party!\" I physically slapped my forehead and walked to the doorway where people were crowding over him. He was smiling and waving at everyone and girls were trying their hardest to get to him. One girl who had a little too much to drink had her hands on his arm. I walked up to her and grabbed her hands off him. \"Keep those to yourself babe.\" I said and she looked like she wanted to hit me. I turned to Josh who was smiling even bigger towards me. \"Josh, you didn't have to come.\" I said He wrapped his arms around my waist and kissed me in front of everyone. \"Yes I did.\" He said. Andie placed her hand on my shoulder and turned me to face her. \"Your boyfriend is Josh Huchterson!?\" She asked still looking at him. I looked back at Josh and then back at her and nodded. \"That might have been something you would have mentioned at the diner!?\" She asked still shocked. I just shrugged my shoulders. I then grabbed Josh's hand and led him to the living room where i asked him to dance with me. The song was Right Round by Flo Rida and Josh and I were having a blast. It took others a while but they soon decided to start dancing around us. Josh and I kept looking at one another and started laughing out of the blue. Soon the party went back to normal and Josh was just another party goer. Later after Josh and I got home, we went up to his room and crashed on his bed. We were staring at the ceiling and did nothing but laugh for what felt like hours. \"Josh I'm actually happy that you showed up.\" I said turning on my stomach and halfway on Josh. He looked at me and kissed me for a long time. \"I am too Angel.\" He kissed me again and I lay my head on his chest. It was the perfect end to a perfect day.[Chapter 3] I woke up to the light gleaming through Josh's curtains. It was bright and sunny today. I looked over to Josh's side and he was gone but he left me a note. Dear Angel, Went to the set again to take care of more things before filming. I will try to be home tonight. Josh. I placed the note on the side table and forgot about it. I draped my legs lazily over the side of the bed and rubbed my eyes. My vision was slightly blurred but it was adjusting. I realized I was still wearing my clothes from the previous night. I was too exhausted to change out of them last night. I walked to the bathroom only to notice that Josh had left his clothes on the floor. He forgot to change as well. I laughed and picked them up and put them in the hamper. I turned the shower on and undressed and stepped inside the warm water. It was nice to sit there and relax. I washed my hair and body and shaved. When I was finished I wrapped myself in a towel and wandered back to my room and dressed for the day. I knew I had to drop my registration off at a design school nearby. When I told Josh that I wanted to go to a real college he found one that fits my wants and needs and all provides me an excellent education. I ate a quick breakfast of oatmeal and a banana. I found all the paperwork that I needed and my keys and then headed out the door. Finding the school wasn't a challenge. It was closer than I thought it was. The campus was large and filled with students. The Los Angeles school of Design looked like a good school to go to. I parked in a visitor space and walked towards the entrance. The hallway inside was wide and carpeted. Artwork and designs from other students were on the walls. A TV monitor was on the opposite wall showing animations that some students made. It put a smile on my face and made me think if my designs would be shown here some day. \"Miss, can I help you?\" A woman at the reception desk asked me. I walked up to her and told her I needed to drop off my regestration form. She directed me to another office which was on a different floor of the building. I took the elevator up to the third floor and found more signs pointing my way towards it. Strangely enough this whole scene seemed familiar. It reminded me of my first day in high school when I met Sam and her twin Brooke. Although this time I highly doubt I will run into a set of twins who will end up using me to pass notes in my classes. It was easy dropping off my forms and finding my way back to the elevator. I just stood there waiting for it and a young man came up to me. \"New student?\" He asked. I looked at him. He had a thick British accent. He was blond and had blue eyes. He was tall and had light skin. He dressed fashionably and was holding a breifcase. He looked a couple years older than me. \"That obvious?\" I asked flushing. \"No.\" He laughed, \"I was waiting behind you at the regestration office.\" \"Oh, are you new?\" \"Oh goodness no. I just started my final term here. The name is Reed.\" \"Evangeline.\" I said and shook his extended hand. The elevator opened and we both stepped inside. \"What program are you going into?\" Reed asked pressing the button for the first floor where I was headed. \"Interior Design.\" \"Oh very nice. My best friend is in Interior design. She's very good. Hopefully you'll get to meet her. Her name is Jess.\" \"What program are you in?\" I asked \"Graphic design. I want to design computer games.\" He said smirking to himself. \"How long have you wanted to do that?\" \"As long as I can remember. When I got my first super nintendo as a small boy it inspired me to make games just like it and with today's progressing technology I feel like I can do so much more now. It's silly really.\" \"Actually it's not. I have always had this obsession with designing rooms around one element. When I find it and it gives me inspiration, I feel like I have no limits.\" I smiled at him sweetly. The elevator reached the first floor and beeped for us to get off. We walked towards the entrance together. \"It was wonderful meeting you Ms. Evangeline. I hope you have a lovely afternoon.\" He said and shakes my hand before walking away. I was hoping that I just made my first friend at school, and I haven't even started my classes yet. I walked outside and peered down the street at a restuarant nearby. It was called The Vixen . I decided it wouldn't hurt to sit inside and have something to eat for lunch so I did just that. The interior was great. It was retro and vintage all over. It was almost based off a 1950's diner theme but it was a dining room with a bar and several signed posters of Movie stars. There were collectibles in glass cupboards that lined the walls and a jukebox sat at the other end of the dining area. A young man seated me and handed me the menu. I ordered a burger, fries, and a coke. When my food arrived, My phone rang. It was Natalia. \"Angel! How is Los Angeles?\" Her voice rang loudly in my ear. \"It's great, I just visited my new school. You won't believe how super cool it is Nat. The students have done some amazing work!\" I exclaimed dipping a fry in ketchup and eating it. \"How is Josh doing?\" \"He's fine. He's been at the set most of the time we've been here. Although he was with me at a party last night. It was really really fun.\" \"A party? A normal house party or a Josh's people party?\" She asked. A Josh's people party was a party with Josh's friends who knew him and wouldn't freak out about having a celebrity at their party. \"A normal one. It was just me at first and then Josh showed up and it was great. Everyone welcomed him and had a really good time.\" \"Well of course they did! Would you turn down a celebrity at your party? It gives you such good rep points!\" She exclaimed, \"Have you met anyone cool yet?\" \"Yeah, I met a girl at this diner I went to. Her name is Andie. She was the one who threw the party last night. And I met a guy at school a little bit ago, he said his name is Reed. He's British Natalia.\" I hinted at her. She loved accents so I knew she would get a kick out of it. Which I was right because she immediately followed with a squeal. \"I want a picture. Try to sneak one.\" \"No Promises\" I said laughing and eating more of my meal. \"Boo. Tell Josh I said hello mk?\" She said and we said our goodbyes and that was that. Later, when I got back in, Josh was waiting for me on the couch. He was holding a bouqet of flowers. When I stepped inside, he smiled so wide it made my heart melt. \"What are these for?\" I asked taking them from him and taking a deep breath through my nose, inhaling the intoxicating scent of the flowers. \"For being you.\" He answered kissing my forehead, \"And for being so kind while I ran off to do work. You're such a good girl.\" He laughed to himself. He caused me to blush a deep crimson. He brushed his hand along my cheek and smiled sweetly at me. I set the flowers on the table and wrapped my arms around his neck. We slowly began to sway together. I rested my head on his shoulder and I felt him smile in my hair. \"I'm glad you came with me Angel. It makes it feel more like home.\" He said quietly. I smiled wider and moved with my love. That was all that was said and it was more than enough. I was happy that I came with him too. It wasn't a hard decision. Josh means everything to me and I wouldn't ever let him go on his own. If he needed me there with him, I'd be there in a heartbeat and he would always be able to count on me. I wouldn't want to be seperated from him anyway. It was hard enough when he was filming for The Vampiers Assistant. I'm just happy to be here now with him, dancing with him, breathing him in, feeling him. I love him. I want this. Always. ","Summary":" My name is Evangeline and I used to live in New York. I moved to Kentucky a year ago and I met Josh"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Porcelain Face","Author":"Svea53","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12975252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ethan's POV It was the same old story, everyday, same people...same abuse. I was tired of everything and everyone. I had no reason to be upset they said, but they didn't know anything. I looked around my dark room. The same fucking room I've looked at every single day of my miserable life. I didn't want to go to school at all. I never did, I wish I was home schooled I begged my parents but they wouldn't listen all they care about is their money and power. Their master plan that I wasn't apart of and I would never be apart of. I was decay, I was poison. I had a cardboard face and I liked it. Walking the school halls alone was comforting for me. A sense of serenity knowing the only person who could hurt you right then; right there was yourself. All of a sudden some idiot had to snap you back into reality. Reality...O how much I earn to be apart of...NOT! \"OI CARDBOARD FACE WHAT YOU LISTENING TO THIS TIME?!\" Some boy shouted from the quad. I turned around and smirked. How I longed to beaten up until my lungs gave out. Although to be honest I just want to die for one day and see who really cares.I took my headphones off, smiled and closed my eyes ready to inure the pain of my so-called friend's fist. It wasn't my fault I was different is it? I didn't know anymore I was a cardboard face, I had a plain life. Then I saw her... My antidote.[Chapter 2] Sophia's POV I saw everything, I saw his smile; his fear. I admired it, I wanted to be apart of his world what he was thinking of 24/7. I knew what I wanted and I always got it. Although he was different, unique almost unreal. I heard about him before he was almost untouchable...The boy with the cardboard face. It was either given to him or he gave it to myself. He liked it, I could see it in his eyes. Those eyes so blue but so dark. How was that even possible, having such beautiful eyes but have them filled with sorrow and pain. I wanted to help and I was going to help him if it was the last thing I did. I couldn't let him feel pain and I wouldn't let him. I ran, I ran straight to them. I wasn't listening to the gasps, to my brain or my friends. I was listening to my heart. It was telling me to protect him and that's what I was going to do. As soon as their filthy hands almost made contact with his face, I held high it in the air. I had a strength I didn't even know was inside of me. He looked up as if he was shocked and he looked at me in awe. His eyes started to water, he was going to cry. I know that look better than I know myself. He started to shake and he ran. The laughs followed him. No...this wasn't how I wanted it to go, then again nothing was ever right in my life I just had a good way of hiding it. I still wasn't thinking straight, so I ran after him. I saw the looks, I heard the whispers did I care? Not really I knew they would forget this ever happen tomorrow. I kept running until I found him. He had his headphones on, his eyes and face were pure red. I wanted to help, so I sat down, held out my arms and gave him a look that it was safe. He shoot me a look full of pain and hate. I realised he didn't hate me, he hated what I was doing. Knowing he was never going to let me look after him I took charge. I held him to my chest and let him cry into my t-shirt. I didn't mind, I almost liked it. He started to calm down as if he was trying to say something. \"I-i-i'm E-Ethan, W-who are you-u?\" He sobbed. I laughed he was too cute and didn't even notice the best thing was he didn't even know who I was. \"I'm Sophia, Ethan and you've kind of ruined my top hehe.\" I laughed, he was stuttering, not even realising how cute he was. \"Yeah I'm sorry...I'm such a mess,\" He said, wiping his tears, he tried to get up. Was it weird I didn't want him to leave me. \"Stay.\" \"What?\" \"Stay with me Ethan let me hold you...please,\" I pleaded, \"I't's okay if you don't want to...\" He smirked at me as if he knew what he was doing to me. HECK! Even I didn't know what he doing to me. How does he do that? And why? \"Sure,\" He sat back down next to me and rested his head on my chest, \"Does this mean we're friends?\" \"Of course.\"[Chapter 3] Ethan's POV She smiled at me, wow that smile was mesmerising. A smile that was unforgettable, I never wanted it to go away. If there was a spell make her to smile forever, I would cast it on her in an heartbeat. What was this feeling? Happiness? Nah. I haven't felt that in years. And I will never feel it, no one loved me and I knew it. I wasn't stupid or naive. Was I going to let it ruin this moment with Sophia? Never. Just sitting here with her was enough. But it wouldn't last, nothing lasted. \"Ethan, why did you run?\" Sophia sighed, \"I had it under control you had no reason to run.\" Why Soph? It wasn't that I didn't want to tell her, the thing is I don't know the answer. Some many unanswered questions; so little answers. I looked at her, it was almost if she wasn't asking me the question her heart was. Not even realising it, she had just given me all her secrets just with one look. How was that even possible? I didn't even know anything anymore, man this girl was doing me head in just by looking at me. Questions and thoughts were running through my head. Unanswered questions and unthinkable thoughts. She kept looking at me with her big brown eyes. Fuck. Those eyes they were going to be the death of me. I knew it... \"Well? Are you going to answer me or just stare at me all day?\" She was getting impatient, Damn, way to put me on the spot Soph. \"I don't know Sophia, I was scared all my life all I've done is run, my dad and mum had the ultimate fantasy,\" I explained, she didn't have a facial expression like she was really listening, \"When my dad almost lost my mum it killed him, I don't want that for me or the future love of my life. I'm scared of life scared of love. It's stupid I know.\" \"Not really, it's reality a lot of people don't want to live in it.\" She replied with a soft voice. I nodded and we sat there for what seemed like forever and ever. I finally felt at peace in this school but every now and then a war comes raging to destroy a peaceful village. Sophia was now my village, my home. And I would everything in my power to protect it.[Chapter 4] We sat there for what seemed like hours, me holding him to my chest and him just looking into my eyes smiling. Smiling back at him, I realized a small scar on his forehead. My eyebrows came together. A habit of mine, one I would like to get rid of. He looked at me with his deep blue eyes, smiling with them. At that moment, everything was perfect. He made me feel so special without even noticing, but I had to remember this boy was broken. I could see it. Broken beyond repair that did not mean I was not going to try. I giggled. Ethan looked up at me as if he wanted to know what was so funny. I shook my head. There was no way I was going to tell him; I was thinking about how cute he is. \"So Sophia tell me about yourself,\" He groaned, \"Tell me everything I'll listen.\" The tiredness in his voice was so obvious, although he was still willing to listen; I still left some bits out. Seemed like we talked for hours, probably because we did. By the time we had finished, it was the end of school. \"You can go home you know I'm not forcing you to stay with me. Your parents are probably very concerned about you.\" Ethan was not wrong. My dad was always worrying for no reason. I know it was for safety and everything but seriously. Do you know how annoying it is with an over-protective parent? They never let you go anywhere. \"I know, but it doesn't necessarily mean I want to...\" I replied in a soft voice. I wanted to stay with Ethan ever so much. He understood me. I liked that. I liked many things about him. Ever since kindergarten, I have noticed him. I remember his hippie phase through the 8th grade. And the way for 4 years, he had the same hairstyle. I liked this emo look it suited him, made him look older. He stood up and held his hand out to me, giving me a meaningful look. I took his hand and squeezed it. Of course, he wasn't used to affection at all. All those years of abuse, bullied and rejected. After everything, could you blame me for wanting to fix him? No, you couldn't. With our hands interlocked, we walked right out of that hellhole. Of course, just as before there was whispers and stares. I didn't care; all of these people were just hypocrites. Ethan was a person and so was I. So what was the problem of us being together? \"Sophia you don't have to ruin your reputation, I can walk home alone and you can go with your friends. It's fine…\" Ethan said quietly. \"I am walking with my friend though, besides it wouldn't be fair on you at all. I am a fair person.\" I replied. He gave me a nervous smile and ran his fingers through his blonde hair. Why was he always so nervous around me, I'm not the queen…Just the daughter of a multi billionaire. I stopped in my tracks after that thought. Ethan gave this look. I couldn't let him know where I actually lived he would think differently of me. He would think I am a spoiled little rich girl Jason did… Why am I thinking about asshole Jason when I am with Ethan? I gave Ethan a reassuring look and kept on walking. When we reached my road, I looked at Ethan. I knew that look, the look of disgust. \"Sophia…Are you ashamed to show me your house in case I think you're a spoiled rich girl?\" He asked. \"How'd you know?\" But seriously how did he know? Was I making it that obvious with these looks? Those looks…I liked the looks we gave each other. They were subtle but had so much words and meaning in them. \"Take me inside and I promise I won't be amazed.\" \"Wow so you think I'm boring?\" \"No because the only thing about you that can amaze me is how beautiful you are…\" ","Summary":" Ethan's POV It was the same old story, everyday, same people...same abuse. I was tired of everythin"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Crossed Roads: Remastered","Author":"AliceUchihaLockwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, why create a new fanfiction of an old one instead of just redacting the whole original one? Simply, nostalgia. It's like a reminder from when I was starting up with writing stories, and now that I've improved my English levels a bit then, why not remake everything? Itoshiku tsuyoku dakishimete some kaete ageru (I'll hold you tightly, with love, And change your colors -) Hageshiku tataku moeagaru koi kokoro yo (My heart, full of love, burns high and furiously...) I believe in desire Desire - Do As Infinity ... Do any of you believe that things happens by complete chance or just by whims of fate? That maybe in some life you met that person and they returned and you never suspected about it? Think about it, perhaps that person knows you better than you know yourself, or something as well... who knows, the world, the entire universe, space itself are wide, infinite and full of surprises or twists that sometimes we have to accept to keep moving as people. The day was grey as usual under the, curiously enough, grey and dull town of Swallow Falls, with all of its citizens walking around the streets minding their own business all around. Some of them having those gross fish called sardines and they utterly despised with everything nowdays, and once upon a time used to be the echonomical fuel of their home... Going somewhere else - this big edification that looked like a tower in part located in the backyard full of all kind of junk of a house, as a big metallic dome with blue lines in the outside was upon the base of several meters. Inside it we can see Flint Lockwood, with his sixteen years old and his genius mind in action, making some research about genetics in his computer made of several screens, typing furiously on the keyboard at the speed of light, with his eyes reading information as fast as he could and making his own formulas and stuff... \"Oh meatballs...\" He said to himself, \"I didn't think that genetics could be that complex...\" Then sighed deeply, \"It'll be harder than I thought... I may need some help for this...\" He passed a hand through his messy brown hair and sighed again, spinning around to get his view away from the screens and allow his brain to get a momentary and propper break from the large amounts of information it was receiving in such a short amount of time, massaging his eyes with his fingertips so he would be able to focus back again. He was right away to get back to work, but hear the sound of broken glass and someone screaming, \"Steve!\" in a joyful...? manner made him stop and check. There was a vervet monkey known as Steve having one of these euphorical times again, making a great disaster with various materials like tubes, flasks, etc. all of them were empty at least, but still, those things weren't easy to find neither to make... \"Steve! Drop that now!\" He exclaimed, starting to chase his pet/lab partner all over the lab, making a disaster. Steve wasn't even listening to the young inventor at all, jumping and swinging around recklessly for the dismay of his owner. And then after ten minutes that felt more like an eternity, leaving the whole place as if a tornado flew around the inside, he managed to catch the mischievous little animal, huffing and puffing and probably with a few bruises under his lab coat and a bump on his head hidden by his hair. \"I... finally... gotcha...\" He said breathlessly, \"Good lord Steve... how many times do I have to say that my lab instruments aren't toys?\" Oh well... \"Now I probably have to redo everything... again...\" Raw material to make glass was abundant as he lived in an island, some sand, the remains of glass on the floor around the lab, a few days and a lot of patience was enough to recover everything. The job of a glazier wasn't easy, and it was a real fine job that had to be done with someone's own hands, hard work and a lot of patience. Taking a broom and a paddle he proceeded to clean the mess and put the shattered glass around the laboratory into a trash bin he used to load material ready to be recycled, having given Steve a bucket and a wooden spoon to play with, ending with the job in two or three minutes. He could've created a cleaning robot or something so he could keep focusing on his previous activities, but the more he thought about it, it was good to do at least a real easy job himself just to give his mind a break, even if it was just for a few minutes. Something was something anyways... \" Flint! \" A voice called from outside, he recognized the source as his father, \"Is everything okay?\" Placing the broom and the paddle back in their place, he headed to the windows of his laboratory and raised the metallic curtain to look down, seeing his father wearing a fishing hat and vest... someone was ready to go to fish apparently... \"It's alright dad\" He said, \"Just had some... problems up here with Steve...\" He turned around to check on the mischievous monkey, Steve at least was still busy banging the bucket with the wooden spoon. At least he was actually busy... \"Well, I'm going fishing to the docks right now. And you're coming with me.\" Oh God no... \"I need some help this time, and don't you dare to bring that monkey with you! I don't want him to rip anyone's moustache again!\" The young inventor flinched pretty much a lot when he reminded that time where his dad got his moustache ripped off that day when he was presenting and recording the invention of the Monkey Thought Translator at his father's tackle shop, making him shiver, \"And I'm being serious!\" He groaned, \"Do I really got to go? I have some things to be done over here and-\" \"Flint...\" His dad said in a slightly annoyed way interrupting him, which was the sign that he was being completely serious about his decision. \" God give me patience please... \" He thought, \"Alright dad...\" Said then slightly resigned. \"We're leaving in ten minutes, skipper.\" In the right moment he turned around, Flint closed the window frowning and sighing heavily almost in despair for what came out of sudden... the last thing he wanted to do in that right moment was to help his father with his fishing activities as it was a bit of too boring for him. For one hand it was his own activities in that moment: he still had to get some other stuff done and start to rebuild his detroyed laboratory materials - which already takes a good while to get done. Then there was the other hand: get an actual break and some fresh salty air to clear up his mind in a better way, maybe he would be able to think about something else before beginning with the bigger leagues of genetics... Well he didn't have another option anyways... Even if the relation with his father was... real, real but incredibly awkward at the point it felt slightly cringeworthy. Althought, it wasn't their fault that they were completely out of tune, right? They were like two different sides of the same coin: In one side we have Flint Lockwood. Creative, a smart-arse, real hyperactive, full of ideas and dreaming always to change the world somehow, following what his late mother thought about him and how he would be able to do great things for the world. And there on the other side was his father, Tim Lockwood was pretty much the opposite of his son: just a humble and simple man who loved to fish, and was always in his shop eating sardines, someone who never actually understood him at all... not like his mom... Not that damn pain in his chest again... Shaking his head he quickly got some of his things ready, and also left some food to Steve, he was ready to leave the laboratory, to then give a glance to a photograph of his mother next to his bed upon the nightstand. Getting close to it he took it and sat down for a little bit, staring at it with a sad gaze, almost feeling his eyes filling up with tears, being able to see his reflex with the translucent glass of the framework, reflecting certain grief in his eyes... \"Oh mom... you don't know how much I miss you...\" He said tearing up a bit, \"Perhaps you could've made dad an I closer...\" he sniffed there biting his lower lip a bit \"How cool would it be if you were here... I wish there was someone like you out there... I mean... no one will ever replace you... just someone like...\" He sighed \"Nevermind...\" He shook his head again and tried to calm down enough before going down, it wouldn't work, but it was worth to try, \"Take care of the laboratory, Steve!\" he exclaimed, with his voice sounding slightly cracked. \"Steve!\" And there he got downstairs, cleaning up his face as much as he could to pretend he wasn't crying, really preferring to look strong for his dad than just a crybaby. When Tim looked at him, he was almost sure he realized his tears, but didn't say anything at all... most part of time he'd be able to know what his father was thinking about, and sometimes it was just cryptic... as if he was thinking just for himself or something. This time was one of the few times he couldn't tell anything... They didn't exchange words when they got the stuff ready in the back side of the car, just placing everything together with actions, with an awkward ambient among the two of them; from there they went to the docks. Reaching the place he realized that his father just maybe fooled him as he parked in front of his fishing boat, which, of course meant they'd be at high seas (or probably just a few miles away from the island to come back early, he wasn't entirely sure though). In any way, he didn't like that, just wanting to get back to his lab and do his stuff, besides, those glasses wouldn't fix themselves alone, right? \"Dad, I really got some things to get done at the lab.\" He said, \"Are we gonna take that long at sea? I can't leave Steve alone for a long time either and you know that...\" \"I'll just take out some things I got on the boat, son.\" His dad said, \"You can already find a place to sit down, I'll be right back.\" Getting down the car he just took some things out the trunk, including the fishing rods and a box full of fishing stuff. He still wasn't a real fan of fishing, at least not since she passed... He groaned... trying to not think about it anymore... even if sometimes that was an impossible challenge... he shook his head again trying to drive those thoughts away and focus in present time. And at least his father was coming back... It's been like an hour already, pretty much with silence between father and son. Flint's been, incredibly for Tim, quiet and not complaining about when they were going back home, as if he was needing a distraction from whatever project he had in mind. The calm of the sea indeed made its job as his mind was fully driven away, probably somewhere under the iron sea right now... it was slightly uncomfortable for his father to have him so quiet because of his normal and usual wacky almost happy-go-luck and somewhat awkward behavior, \"Son?\" He asked, but he was too drifted away apparently. \"Flint\" He said again moving his arm a bit, as there was still no answer he did it again, \"Flint, are you okay?\" In a first moment he looked so confused, as if he didn't know where he was, to then sigh and cover his face for a moment, \"Yes, sorry just... I'm okay...\" He took a deep breath after that, as if he was trying to put his head together or something. \"I just... got repair broken glass again... Steve broke my stuff again and it takes its while to make new instruments...\" \"Can't you just buy new ones?\" \"I don't think Cannery High (1) would like to give me their science stuff...\" There was a silence again for a brief moment, mostly because his son was right about it, \"Besides, I can create them myself anyways...\" Only to keep himself a bit more busy and away from his computer maybe. \"I see...\" He said. Sometimes he felt amazed for the great abilities of his son, so much at the point he felt overwhelmed for his talent. \"Uh... Flint...\" \"Hmm...?\" He lazily asked \"I've been thinking a lot lately about this and... I want you to work at the bait shop with me\" Curiously enough, the young inventor was taking a sip of water from a bottle, when he heard that he choked with the liquid and wheezed, coughing as well and looking at him with disbelief, \"Flint, I also need a hand at the shop, and you have to find an actual job as well.\" \"How many times did we even talk about this, dad?\" He asked annoyed, \"I don't want to work at the tackle shop, inventing is my thing, it's my life and you know that...! And mom always believed in me...\" Mention her made their chest ache. It didn't matter if it's been already almost eight years since she passed, their love for her was such that when she died, nothing ever was the same again \"Please...\" There wasn't an answer coming from his father, who wasn't really expecting this time for his son to mention his deceased wife. None of them had really overcome the pain of the departure, and Flint even less, because he was right there when he heard the beeps of the electrocardiograph machine becoming a long and irritating beep... he was right there when she passed, holding her hand with his... remember that was still an open wound for him, and now it was starting to bleed again. He looked away trying to hide his face of pain, trying to pretend he didn't say a thing even if it was aching hard, taking again the bottle he started to drink a few hard gulps of water in order to calm down... he felt like a complete idiot for the mention... Then he swore he caught something falling in the distance... Splash! That indeed brought the attention of the two, the young inventor swore he saw something that suddenly fell on the water while his father turned around when he heard the sound of the water being splashed by a solid object, both of then stood up and looked to each other. It wasn't a sardine, and it wasn't a whale either as there weren't any in their zone, then what was it? Not dolphins either, they were used to tropical, subtropical and warm waters which normally were located near the mainland and not in the middle of the ocean like their island... he was real curious now. He needed to know what it was. For anyone's surprise, he took out diving goggles from his lab coat, fully ready to go and check around, when he was going to jump, his father stopped him by taking his arm, \"Where are you going? It can be dangerous!\" He said, he raised an eyebrow when he saw his son staring at him. \"That looks like a sea bass over there\" Wait, what? Tim turned around to look, when he didn't see anything he saw his son was already on the water swimming towards the place of the splash. \"Sorry dad!\" He exclaimed already in the distance, making his father rush into his boat and follow him. Once Flint reached the exact place where whatever made the splash passed, he took a very deep breath and dived in, taking out a water lantern from under his lab coat as well. What a nice thing to be always prepared just in case, such a shame he didn't bring the frog paws to swim faster... he swam more around looking for whatever it was, the bottom was becoming darker and he was running out of air quick, only twenty seconds since he got in, he still had forty seconds to one and a half minutes of air before losing his conscience, maybe less because of the pressure of the ocean... then he saw something – no... someone...? He swam closer, it was a she ... It looked like a little girl, only ten years old as much as he could see, pale skin, long and kinda curly brown hair, with part of her clothes tattered, mostly the lower part of her dark-blue t-shirt exposing open wounds. The thing that called his attention the most was the fact that she was carrying a sword on her back, but how did she end up there out of sudden? Oh well that was a question for later, the priority was take her to the surface as fast as he could before she ended up drowning. Making fast calculations with the factors he was having: an unconscious girl he needed to carry up to surface, using just his foot without the frog paws to give himself more impulse and only an arm as he would carry her under the other one, the remaining time he had of oxigen before passing out and how long would it take him to get back up. Oh God it was harder than it seemed to be... Okay, okay, at least he spotted his father's boat upon them, and also how he just tossed the lifesaver to the ocean expecting for him to get it again. Quickly he tried to swim up with her under his arm as the planned, moving his limbs as fast as he could do, but he was running out of air at the same time... darn it... ' What do I do...' He thought desperately rushed. He looked down to her, then to the surface, he had this option but... It was time to take a major risk... Feeling bad for what he was going to do, he released the girl and quickly swam to the surface, taking a real deep gasp of air, just when his father heard him he went to the side where he was, and before he could say a thing, \"Dad I need ropes now!\" He shouted, \"NOW!\" He exclaimed again, his orders were followed as his father tossed him a long bunch of ropes, quickly getting ready he dived in again towards her, wrapping the rope under her arms and swim back to the surface, then passed the rope in the inside of the lifesaver and stared to pull up as fast and hard as he could. The despair he was feeling was such he didn't know what he would do next, and once he saw her body approaching he took her from under her arms and pulled her up, placing her around the lifeguard attached to another rope aboard. Pulling the rope twice his father understood he could pull up, taking out the girl out the water first, becoming highly surprised to see her, then quickly proceeded to take his son out of the water, right when he was going to ask what was happening, he proceeded to check on her. Darn it, of course she wasn't breathing! Okay, okay, he had to push her chest hard to make her spit the water out of her lungs with a CPR technique... so placing his hands together, one upon the other he started to push, over and over again nonstopping, it couldn't be late, right? It just couldn't be late... two, four, six, ten minutes without taking a pause, so that meant his whole effort was completely useless in the end? Come on, she was so young to end her life at a tender age of ten! It just couldn't be... right? It couldn't be... \"No... no, no no no!\" He repeated over and over again as despair took over, Tim tried to make him calm down but it was futile, from pushing he started to smash, and incredibly she suddenly jumped and coughed all the water, just to fall down again unconscious, breathing propperly this time... Indeed that was a real stressing moment... the fact of seeing her breathing again made him let adrenaline rush all over his trembling body, indeed a real, real close one... it was an actual miracle... he checked her pulse again, it felt low, it could be because of the time she got exposed to the cold water of the salty ocean, but hey! At least, at very least he managed to save her life... \"Flint, what is...?\" His father wanted to ask as he covered him with a towel, he just shaked his head without knowing the actual answer. \"I just... found her floating deep in the ocean...\" He said panting, still trembling and shaking a bit. Now there was actual light he could see her better, and he was surprised by how beaten she looked like. \"I almost couldn't save her...\" His levels of confusion were high, too high, but there was another priority than that, and then took a real deep breath, then just noticed this crimsom liquid mixed with the water on the floor... his eyes got wide open when he saw that, and quickly moved her to a side noticing an wide open wound on her left side, he didn't notice it with all the rush! \"We gotta take her to the island as fast as we can!\" No... it wouldn't give them enough time... the hospital was on the other side, in front of the coast as well but on the other side of the island. \"Dad I need whatever you have right now! I have to secure this wound or this time she may not survive!\" Holy Christ... this became more stressful than it was already... on a bright side, at least he already treated that kind of wounds himself as a way to avoid a hospital again in his life, it was his least favorite place though, with enough justifications if we look back. He turned her body around and saw the wound better, even if it wasn't a real deep one, it was bleeding a lot, and it was in a sensible zone of the body as well, again, he thought was a real miracle she was still alive to that moment and how she was being real strong to survive even if she was that young. It didn't take any longer for Tim to come back with some stuff they could use to apply a tight tourniquet upon the wound as there wasn't another way now, and once he secured the knot, he took another deep breath trying to relax his body and everything that was going on. He raised up his hands a bit, feeling them trembling terribly... it's been a lot of stress for the day... \"What are we going to do with her, skipper?\" \"I'll take care of her myself...\" He said, indeed taking his father with low guard again. \"It'll be alright, I can handle this myself. It's like taking care of myself after some accident with my inventions anyways.\" \"Are you sure you want to do it?\" \"I don't want to go to the hospital either, why should I lie to you about that?\" That was now an expected thing for his father now. \"Besides, I found her, it's my responsibility take care of her.\" Sometimes it was real surprising when he actually took a mature decision in his life, and this probably was one of those times. \"I won't stop you from calling a doctor if you want, but I can do it myself as well...\" And it was true. He got a glance from his father, a deep stare hidden under his big unibrown as if he was trying to decide if it was a good idea or not... \"Alright...\" Without saying anything else he went to the captain's cabin as his son got a towel for the girl, wrapping it around her to try to make her recover some corporal warmth. Her skin was too pale, she would probably get sick after all of it, probably with a cold. Just think about it made him groan slightly, the job ahead wasn't going to be easy. After a few minutes they were back to the docks, Tim carried her up on his arms to then put her on the back seats of the car with some help of his son. There maybe were some curious people looking at whatever they were doing, raising an eyebrown to see them carrying what looked like a body...? It was better leave before the police arrived, right? Oh well, Earl would go to their house later when he finds out... he lived next door anyways. Once they arrived, the young inventor personally took her to his lab to take care of her wounds, first of all by getting her dry... oh wait... that meant he had to get her... well he blushed hard when he got into realizations about it. Okay, okay, there was no reason to panic, it was just human anatomy anyways, wasn't it? He was just going to help her out with her wounds and stuff so that didn't make him a complete creep, right? He shook his head trying to keep it together and focus in what was real important. A while later, like an hour or something he got her wounds treated, her body cleaned and the salt in her hair washed away; he made her use one of his shirts as an oversized dress, a black one that said I got the brains he didn't use that often as her clothes were tattered. The wound that was heavily bleeding early, thank goodness got closed, but still he covered it just in case; now just took her to his old bedroom downstairs that now worked as a guest room and gently left her on the bed, covering her with the bed sheets... he looked her closely now, carefully without rush... her face... it felt familiar, as if he already saw her somewhere else, why? Or maybe she looked like someone he met in the past? Someone familiar he forgot? He couldn't tell, he didn't really care as much as he should in that moment... or maybe it was just his head. The thing he wondered the most is how did she fall out of sudden into the ocean, and why she was carrying a freaking sword – that now was in his lab for reasons. Why'd someone beat a girl like that as well? Probably he'd get his answers after she wakes up again. And at least she haven't shown any sights of getting sick like– \"Achoo!\" He sneezed, \"Oh no...\" With everything that's been happening he completely forgot about checking himself... hopefully it wouldn't be too late to get an anti-flu and get a hot-water bath for a good while to prevent himself getting more sick than just the sneezes. And slowly he left, had his bath, an anti-flu, having dealt with a curious Earl who already got the news about the little girl he found floating in the ocean and left without taking an eye out of him as usual, and a snack, it was already night. Still some things were wandering throughout his entire head and probably some details could be flying straight up from it, he still was curious enough to find out more... With so many things going on in his head, he slowly fell asleep on his rooking chair as he started to snore softly, the day's been long and stressful, and he deserved a proper break. Life still could be too iffy and unfair most part of the time, also whimsical, and pretty much always: wrongful, but this time, maybe it could just bring up a new surprise... Just maybe... No one knows what lurks for tomorrow anyways... (1): Cannery High is the name of the local high school according to the CWACOM series in case you're wondering. As a side note for this, I'm not exactly taking it as cannon, just probably taking up some concepts and names from there.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. And sometimes I get nervous When I see an open door Close your eyes, clear your heart Cut the cord Human - The Killers ... It's been like three days already... since the girl arrived to the house. The day after they found her, they called a doctor to give track to her health, surprisingly for everyone, when the moment to check her wounds came, she had pretty much none, and the one that threatened with her life was already gone, of course that brought the attention of the scientist a lot because it just couldn't be. At the same moment he decided to probably, just probably take a DNA test to see what's the thing that made her recover so fast, and then he screeched out loud... Such a nice timing, wasn't it? Pretty much a lot of his glass-made instruments were broken a day ago because of a mischievous and crazy monkey he owned, and some of them were fully necessary to make the tests he wanted to do, like some of the tubes that were now broken, and it'd take a few days to get everything back to normal... yes, he was blaming his luck way too much now. The perfect thing that could've happened to him indeed in so long was having a new and special case that'd help science to go in a new direction and all his stuff were ruined. Perfect. And then in the other hand that was a good thing, right? Because when she wakes up he'd be able to make questions to her and stuff, it was unsure her reaction after she wakes up so a nice thing at least was just not snitch when he wasn't being called... for now of course. At least he could \"play\" a bit with that sword... right? Going to the former room of the inventor, we can see the little girl starting to wake up, she moved her head to the sides for a moment, contracting and stretching her limbs a bit as she yawned; slowly her eyes opened, revealing a pair of slightly dull brown eyes that were trying to process information... her mind was trying to retrieve the last events before she passed out as her stare was straight lost in a blank point of the ceiling, then everything flashed fast, and out of sudden she sat down breathing heavily, looking to her surroundings with confusion... when did she even end there? \"Someone saved me...,\" She mumbled almost to herself in Spanish. Looking down she saw she wasn't using her other clothes but a black over sized shirt that said 'I got the brains', she got slightly more nervous now... Her face got this bittersweet expression, as if she actually wasn't expecting anyone to save her life, her little body trembled a bit for a moment, then stabilized again, looking around the room he saw faded blue tapestry on the walls with the design of vertical rhombus, her bed sheets were science-themed with flasks and test tubes all over it. There was also an old home-made computer that reminded to an old Apple Macintosh computer on a desk in front of a covered window with some modifications if she wasn't wrong with her impression. Next to the bed there was the night stand with a lamp, at the feet of the bed there was the door, and a few inches away from the door there was a bookshelf full of several different stuff like books and other things scattered. Slowly she moved and stood up, feeling slightly dizzy, wobbling side to side for a brief moment to then recover it as she used the night stand to lean on... \"Okay... just breath...,\" She said once again to herself in Spanish, breathing in and out slowly one, two, three times to clear up his mind... it worked. Wherever she was she got to get out, right? Or not? Where was she anyways? Was it a safe place? So many questions and it was so hard where to start actually. Could she trust whoever who saved her...? \"I don't think so...\" She quietly mumbled... Due the fact of her barefoot condition, slowly and sneakily she got out of the room without giving any hints to the owners of the house that she was already awake, looking carefully to the sides to see if there was anyone around. It'd be perfect for her to get out if no one was around... there was this door at the end of the hall and a door next to the room where she got out. First, she checked the one at the end, only to find out the bathroom of the house... of course she used it briefly to do her needs, and then got out as if nothing happened. Checking again the hallway, he slowly sneaked into the door next to her room... It felt nostalgic... The walls had a tapestry with faded yellow tones with the design of flowers similar to the blue room, it felt quite sad if she was honest, as if something was actually missing in there; for the size of the bed she could tell it was the room of the owners, and the room where she was staying was their son's, but where were they now? Did they leave her alone on purpose...? No, she didn't really think so, nobody in its sane mind would actually leave a complete stranger alone... slowly she got out from there without looking back, leaving the door exactly as it was before she got in; then she turned around with her mind thinking that no one would notice anything, just to jump straight to the ceiling out of surprise when she saw Tim Lockwood standing behind her with arms crossed, screaming out surprise... and now she was on the floor upon her butt, afraid and her cheeks burning in shame... \"I-I-I'm so sorry...!\" She apologized nervous, this time in English, \"I-I know I shouldn't be roaming without permission and-and...,\" Her breathing was quick, as if she was struggling to hold down a panic attack, \"It wasn't my intention to wander around like this...\" She mumbled looking down, closing her eyes tight trying to not let out the tears get out. The old fisherman felt bad for her in that moment, she was so small and seemed so vulnerable, indeed for her reaction he could actually tell she wasn't actually meaning to sneak around, or at least, not steal something from there, just having gotten carried for curiosity around the house. \"It's alright little girl...,\" He said, approaching his hand to her a bit to help her to get up. Hesitantly she took it and stood up. She was indeed real small in comparison to him, still looking down... there was something falling down her cheeks slowly, \"Oh dear... don't cry...\" He said again, with one of his fingers upon her cheek stopping a few tears \"I heard that every teardrop is a waterfall, don't be scared. I'm not a shark to eat you... I'm promise I'm not mad at you.\" It was quite hard to calm her down, showing up that indeed she was feeling scared, but after a while, at least she managed to control herself, although she still was shaking slightly. Her behaviour made him wonder what did happen to someone so young like her to be so shaken up like that, but he just wouldn't ask now... maybe in another moment when she felt less stressed... he was expecting her to say something, but for his big surprise, she never said a thing, not even when he heard her stomach growling... he passed her his hand again to take her to the kitchen, and again, she reluctantly took it, feeling so petty in front of him apparently. Once there he gave her seat, she was still a bit small, or maybe the table was too tall, in any moment she didn't say anything else... \"What's your name, little girl?\" He asked trying to start up a conversation. There was again silence for a while, as if she was still doubting about giving any information about her, then, \"I'm Alice...\" She didn't say anything else. \"Nice to meet you Alice, I'm Tim Lockwood, you can just call me Tim if you want.\" She looked at him a little bit, then smiled a little. It was almost imperceptible, but it was something, wasn't it? \"Uh... I'm sorry if the food is not of your liking, there's not a lot of options over here asides of sardines...\" She didn't say anything for a while, which pretty much had him worried... \"Where am I...?\" She asked shyly. \"We're in the island of Swallow Falls.\" Tim said, \"We used to be famous because of our sardines, but one day we went to bankruptcy as our main source of money shut down, and the States stopped sending us food some years ago.\" \"So you have to get everything they don't want...\" She added, this time he got surprised. \"I understand...\" A clever girl indeed, he nodded at her in response. \"An economy that sucks and everyone's got to eat something they hate...\" \"We got used to it, though,\" Not everyone of course, but most of them had to resign to it. Only some people could get some things from the States – if they went there personally of course with whatever money they had, and sometimes the Lockwood family was able to get some stuff from New York. \"Oh hey, I found canned soup.\" Alphabet soup in fact. \"I don't mind it honestly...,\" At least she was being a bit more talkative to him now, \"It's fine...\" He just got ready the food and sat down near the girl, not so close either to not bother her that much due her retracted behavior, it was a slight progress that she was already talking to him a bit more than a while ago. \"Why don't you tell me something about you?\" He asked, \"Where are you from?\" \"A small country in South America...\" The reply this time was a bit more faster than the last ones she gave, apparently she was just starting to get some trust towards him now. \"It's called Paraguay. We don't have a shore to the sea.\" She was so far from home, how did she end there then? It didn't just make sense in his honest opinion, so many leagues away, he wondered what about her parents, if they were even looking for her, he wanted to ask but remained shut, passing to another question, which was her age... she remained silent for a moment, \"I'm ten years old...\" Flint was right then... The smell of the soup and the sound of her stomach growling made him remind about the food, passing her a hot bowl of steaming soup that actually tasted good for her, even making her smile a bit more than before which still was an actual and real progress. It didn't take long before she was done, thanking for the food and going to her temporary room. He looked to the side of the bowl and saw she actually left something written... So that's her full name then... \"Hello dad.\" Flint said as he got into there. \"Son, she's awake.\" The eyes of the inventor lit up when he got the news, before he could go to check on her, his father stopped him, \"Wait for her over here, son. She's not really... uh... communicative, neither... uh...\" \"Outgoing?\" \"That...\" Oh... oh well. It didn't take long before she came back, stopping out of sudden when she saw the young inventor, then stepped back taking her distance, making them notice certain hostility/mistrust. Alice looked to the old fisherman first, then to the scientist. \"Hello, I'm Flint, what's your name?\" He asked nicely, smiling at her trying to make her gain some trust to him. She didn't answer this time. \"I saved your life and brought you here, you're safe, don't worry.\" He said again still smiling, trying to get her less (apparently) stressed. She seemed... afraid? \"Hey, don't be afraid if that's how you feel, I won't hurt you, I promise.\" There was still no answer from her, just an intense look straight to his blue eyes like trying to find a hint of darkness in his intentions. Finding pretty much no other choice, he extended his hand to her, making her look at it for a moment, to then hesitatingly take it... \"It's alright, see? You've got nothing to fear.\" She didn't reply once again. Without their realization the old fisherman left the room leaving them alone, with it the girl retired her hand away from the inventor's still showing a lot of mistrust from her part, seeming much more out of place with him staring closely to her... \"W-why are you looking at me like that...?\" She asked, evidently stressed. \"I'm sorry but... have we ever met? I can swear I've seen you somewhere else, but I don't know where...\" Three days later and he still haven't sorted out why the feeling was still there. The more he tried to figure out the more confused he found himself, and it was really, really annoying. She shyly shook her head with the question, making him sigh, \"Maybe it's just me and my head playing games on me... I don't know... but I can swear that I've seen you somewhere else, I don't know where exactly...\" \"No... we never met...\" She mumbled shyly, \"This is the first time we're talking...\" And, it was true though. \"Oh, sorry then... just one question... by any chance isn't your name Alicia?\" The look of surprise she got when he said that name was such he actually got surprised as well, \"Alicia Galiano, isn't it?\" \"Who told you my name?!\" She exclaimed angrily, or better said scared, giving him the hint that he nailed on it. \"That's why I'm asking you if we ever met... your name is on the back of my head for some reason, but I don't actually understand nor know why.\" Then he sighed again, \"Sorry for bothering you... it's not my intention...\" \"I-I'm sorry...\" She apologized too, \"I'm just... real awkward...\" \"It's alright, don't worry. I get to be like that as well like... a lot.\" Of course it was true, something that made her smile a bit, indeed he noticed her starting to gain a bit more of trust towards him, probably having socialized a bit with his father opened her a bit more. He asked her to follow her to his former room and took out some clothes from a drawer. He explained her that his father went to the mainland the day after she arrived to get her some proper clothes to wear asides of his oversized shirt, giving her a smaller orange shirt with familiar stamps of white flowers, black shorts and a couple of slippers... \"It wasn't necessary to get me all of this...\" She told him still in a slightly shy way, he didn't reply but just give her a smile, a toothbrush and a towel. Around ten minutes later she got out again fully dressed, with her hair wet and bright as she washed it, drying it with the same towel and then shaking her head like a dog, giggling softly as her hair became messier and curly. Despite her longer hair and her small size, he had to say it, it felt like he was seeing a reminder of... wait there was something missing... he went to his father's room and came back, removing some hairs from her face he carefully placed a blue head bang so her face would remain visible... indeed she was reminding him a lot from his mother... he couldn't help but curve a small smile with the memories he still had about her... He coughed once, trying to put himself together for a moment before asking her to follow to the backyard, placing his hands on his pockets and trying to relax a bit more before speaking, he closed his eyes for a brief moment and then opened them again a bit, just a little bit more calm, to then go to his laboratory. In a first moment before they did, she stopped and looked to the enormous edification there surprised, looking to every single detail she could catch with one glance, to then spot the weird entrance made with a Porta-potty... and feeling weirded out when he said, \"This is where the magic begins.\" Of course there was a real awkward silence for a few moments, \"Oh! No! I mean– t-this is the entrance to my lab!\" It was too late as he blushed a lot, scratching the back of his head in the process feeling shame now... he should get a book about how to talk to people indeed, it's been a long while since he actually had some human interaction with somebody else. Opening the door of the portable restroom, they got in, when they closed it, it suddenly sent them upstairs with a swoosh! And the speed made them crash against the sides, the ceiling and the floor, forcing them to crawl out from there; there she found herself surrounded by the pink lights of the hexagonal hallway made inside a school bus, with a vault-like door at the end of it... the two of them stood up dizzily, wobbling to the sides for a brief moment and their heads spinning because of the joyride they just had; he even apologized for it because it was not something he actually expected to happen, in fact he'd give it a check because it shouldn't have happened, it was supposed to be in its classic supersonic mode to get up but that was not even close to be considered as something he would expect. Once they were finally fine again, she followed him into the lab, gasping when she saw the inside... with all the blue lights mixed with the blue Tron-like lines all over the place, it felt like all the way to the ceiling was infinite, leaving her awestruck for a good while... \"You must spend a lot of time alone...\" She mumbled loud enough to make him hear her. \"What? No!\" He said, laughing slightly nervous trying to pretend it wasn't true, even looking away while he laughed. Incredibly enough he felt a strong stare upon his neck that felt like saying she knew he was actually lying. Turn around and see her staring directly to his soul made him shiver a lot. \"I-I'm being honest! I'm not–\" \"You're lying...\" She said, \"I can see it... just tell me the truth...\" She wasn't allowing herself to trust him but she was actually asking him to trust her, was it irony? Or it was an attempt of her to open up and know more about him first? Indeed, this was another unexpected twist, but it was a good one, right? The mysterious girl he found floating in the sea three days ago, who was being extremely retreated with them a while ago was now trying to make him talk. Maybe if he started with his life she would open up about hers as a way to begin with... He went to take a photograph of his mother, he wanted to open up about it with her to give more context to his actual situation; taking his rooking chair to give her a seat, he sat around as he looked to the picture frame holding his mother's picture, then took a deep breath, \"When I was young, I didn't really have friends... my mom was pretty much my only friend back then,\" He gave her the frame to allow a look to it, \"When I was down she always used to give me support and everything I needed, she even gave me this lab coat when I was eight as an early birthday present,\" He took a pause, he saw her looking in silence but paying attention, \"And some months after that... in September uh... there was this... tragedy... there was a fire... she inhaled a lot of toxic smoke at the defunct cannery and...\" He sniffed, slowly breaking down with the memories that were floating up to his head again, he tried to keep the tears in but he found himself unable to do that, to then look down as he felt his heart racing against his chest. He made an effort to put himself together and recover his composure, but this was one of those times it felt futile, as if he actually needed to break down one way or another after having holding it for so long... then he suddenly felt her hugging him tight, surprising him for a moment, to then do the same as tight as he could, breaking down more than before... it should be okay, right? \"It's alright...\" She just said as he sniffed again... when was the last time he hugged someone when he needed to cry like that? It felt nice... Although sadness wasn't really a foreign feeling, he didn't like to feel it, even less because he never had anyone to lean on, and now... he forgot what does it feels like to have someone just hugging, not supporting just... being kind to him... it's been so long since someone has been actually nice and charming to him, and the feeling, how he felt like was so... nice... he couldn't tell how long he's been like that with her, but it wasn't more than just a few minutes until he started to break the hug, to then realize she wasn't releasing him at all... he couldn't help but keep hugging her as well, caressing her back softly. \"It's alright...\" He said with a raspy voice, \"It... happened a long time ago...\" And sometimes he wasn't still used to it, not even a single bit. \"I'm used to loneliness anyways...\" Which was true, and even if he was used to it a lot since early years because of his inclination towards science and stuff, it still could sting, \"I'm not... exactly liked here in the island...\" He said, \"Everyone sees me like some kind of stranger because, as you see... I'm real different to them... I'm the local outcast... but that haven't stopped me from keep going with what I really love... which... is inventing...\" She moved from her place, seeing that she was actually crying, there was something that told him that they shared something in common, \"Hey... I don't know anything about you... just remember: it doesn't matters who you are, you only need to believe in yourself and never give up...\" Those words just brought up a new stream of tears down her face, as if the kindness he was having towards her was breaking her down, probably that was the moment where he actually understood he was dealing with someone with a fragile personality, he couldn't help but clean up her face with his thumbs and hug again as if an older brother or a father he was, in any way, she hugged back in a tight way again, hearing her sniffs and feeling her face buried against his shoulder. And after a few minutes after trying to ease her, she calmed down more, cleaning her face again with her wrists... \"I'm sorry...\" \"Why...?\" He didn't understand why she apologized, \"You didn't do anything wrong...\" There was no answer from her part again. \"It's alright... I'm used to all of this anyways...\" He smiled a bit at her, trying to make her see that everything was okay with him, \"Oh well, let's... let's try to change the subject...\" Now he realized, everything was real quiet in the lab. Peace and silence weren't always a real good sign if we have in mind the kind of partner he got, \"Gosh... Steve! Where are you?\" He called out. \"Who is... Steve...?\" The little girl asked \"Oh, he's my lab partner,\" The inventor replied, \"And I don't know what is he doing...\" Again: silence and peace weren't a good sign sometimes. They looked to the sides, pretty much everywhere, there she felt this weight on her head, he felt something like small hands upon her hair, and then when she realized there were this pair of big orange eyes looking straight to her out of sudden that made her jump and scream in surprise as she got scared, falling down, making the thing do the same, then saw how it went to hide behind Flint, realizing it was a grey vervet monkey. \"Oh, and this is Steve.\" He told with a smile. The monkey took a peek to her, then hid again saying 'scary' for the girl's surprise, to then hid again when he saw her move a bit. She got closer as Flint tried to convince him that she was a nice girl, grabbing him and pulling him close to her, to then place him upon her head, making her giggle a bit, \"Hello Steve, I'm Alice,\" She said with a smile, then felt him turning around to face in the same direction to her, to then look at each other again, this time the slight hostility disappeared, making him now exclaim his name. \"Oh... is that a Monkey-Thought Translator...?\" She asked, surprising him once again, receiving just a nod in response, \"Cool... I'd also work for deaf-mute people, so the others can actually hear what they think,\" He never thought about that now she actually mentions it, \"I mean, signs language already exists but just a few people actually know how to use it...\" She smiled at the thought. \"Actually, that's a great idea! How come I never thought about it before?\" Probably just like the idea of not adding the wings to his Flying Car... \"It's real practical. I'll do that when I become famous! Thank you for the idea Alicia!\" The little girl looked at him in some kind of disbelief, as if she didn't actually think that her idea would be useful or something, \"Hey, what's the problem?\" \"Just... call me Alice...\" She said, smiling a bit to him. \"Alright then... Alice.\" They sat around, with her sitting back on his rooking chair with Steve still upon her head, apparently liking it as some sort of nest even if he head his own box as he curled in a ball and slept again, making her giggle a bit, \"Hey, I can see you like animals,\" She took the monkey with a smile and placed him on her arms, for him it was almost the same, he felt safe with her now, becoming once again a fluffy ball upon her lap, \"And I see that Steve likes you now.\" He got a look from her, like asking where did he get him, \"Oh, well, I found him in a cage like a couple of years ago, he was alone and was also like... two months old so, I brought him here. I guess he was part of a contraband load that passed by, as Vervet monkeys are from the East side of Africa from Ethiopia to South Africa, so it doesn't makes sense he just appeared...\" He took a brief pause, then continued, \"It could've been also from a group of animal rescue and his box fell to the ocean, but I highly doubt that.\" Of course Tim was completely against the idea of the monkey when he first arrived to the house, mostly because he was a wild animal and needed to be either in a forest or a zoo but of course not in a house with a backyard scientist like him, but then he thought that at least he could work as a friend for him and palliate a bit his loneliness somehow, in fact that's pretty much the other reason he made him the Monkey-Thought Translator, not just because he was curious to know what could be lurking in his mind – even if it was a really primitive brain with primitive thoughts, but to have someone to talk with... and incredibly enough his father allowed him to stay even after he ripped off his mustache. He shivered again with the memory, and even had the footage of it... as a self-note he got from that day: never give gummy bears to Steve ever again. NEVER . Oh well... \"Why don't you tell me something about you, Alice?\" Like how did she get there and how did her wounds heal that fast for example, she blushed, \"Oh, I'll tell you a bit more about me. I'm sixteen years old, and my birthday is on July, 11th so, we're like two months away from it.\" He was back into his 'I want my answers, please' mode but this time was on incognito mode. \"Born in 1993 by the way and single child.\" Alice bit her cheeks and her lower lip slightly, in a curious contrast to early, she seemed a bit more confident of answering some things to him. \"I'm ten years old...\" He freaking knew it, and just remember when he found her floating deep in the ocean just made him wonder some things more than before, \"I was born on February 26th, 2000 when my mom just completed her college career in medicine... she's a pediatric doctor so I don't need to get a place for it at a hospital... also, I'm a single child...\" She gave him a shy smile with it to then pet Steve's back. \"I live with her and my grandparents... not in a same house just... crossing the street...\" \"And what about your father?\" There was silence for a good while as her smile just faded away, \"He left my mom after they did their things...\" She quietly said, \"She and my grandparents raised me...\" Wow... it wasn't like a unique case, but he understood a lot what does it feels like to grow up without one of the parents, even if she actually came to the world without a father. \"I see...\" That's all he could say for the moment, \"Uh... and... what are you doing here...? I mean, how did you end up in the ocean...?\" There was again silence, she seemed to be recalling the events from that day, to then hug the monkey tight without squeezing. He waited for a good while, but there was no answer, of course she didn't want to talk about it, which meant she didn't just talk about it... \"Flint... can I ask you something...?\" He raised an eyebrow, thinking she just wanted to avoid his questions, \"Just... just... you and your father... don't get too... attached to me... because I'll only make you suffer...\" She sniffed, clearly trying to calm down and pretend she was alright or something, \"Just... think of me as... as someone who is just... passing by... and you may never see... in your life ever again... okay...?\" Okay, indeed he was feeling scared and curious now, indeed she was hiding something deeper inside and she wasn't going to tell him; not just that, but the petition actually made him feel... sad for her... there might be something deep and heavy going on with her life and she didn't want them to get involved into it. \"Please...\" He couldn't say no, he didn't want to say no. It was much more now, he wanted to know, he wanted to help her in whatever her problem was! He was just like a cat (or a child): He was curious, he needed to know, he was eager to learn more and more if he had the chance to... she didn't stop looking at him, completely waiting for him to say that word with three letters... he didn't want to say it but... would that help him to gain her trust better? His mind was forcing him to say it, he didn't want to, he struggled to say it, it was too much... he looked at her, she was still staring and waiting for his answer... ' Say no, Lockwood! You can't promise that! ' He thought, he wanted to say it, he wanted to say just 'No' or 'I can't do it'... he tried to not say it... \"Alright...\" Darn it! He completely groaned with some rage inside, asking to himself in silence why even say it. On the other hand, she seemed to relax a bit more with his answer... something just told him that she wasn't completely convinced for it, but at least it'd be enough to let her calm down more with it. \"Thank you...\" Alice said in a low voice, receiving a small (and forced) smile from his part. Now it escalated from just a mystery to something deeper... inside couldn't stop repeating to himself the word 'moron' over and over again for it... What else to do...? \"Hey Alice, uh...\" He swallowed hard, trying to get down his desperate questions and growing concern, it wasn't normal, not even a single bit to hear that from such a young girl like her... and as he already launched her name, he had to think on something fast, and out of sudden the idea came, \"Would you like to learn how to model glass with me?\" The question didn't mean he didn't do anything in the last three days because of course he did, it was just an excuse to make her do something together and get to know her as much as he could, much more than he did now. There was this surprised look from her for a moment, to then accept the proposal. The rest of the day they got recovered a lot of what was broken due her help, it was surprising how fast she knew how to learn everything and how smart she actually was... after they were done she was still making something, and when it was done, he got surprised: it wasn't a jar nor anything related to his laboratory but a modest, yet detailed and beautiful crystal heart... when he questioned her about it, she flinched and almost dropped it, to then hold it close to her chest and look down, he thought she actually seemed scared that he would give her a reprimend for it... It didn't happen. In fact he praised her for it, an act, he realized got her off-guarded for some reason, as if she was expecting him to get angry or something like that... he couldn't stop thinking she got through too much before ending there with him, hence her shy personality... she even blushed when he caressed her hair a bit, as if affection was unknown... was her family abusive to her? It just... he sighed... \"What is it, Flint...?\" She asked, he just smiled and took the crystal heart, got some wooden sticks from somewhere around and made a stable base for it, placing it upon his nightstand next to the frame of the picture of his mother. \"It looks good here, doesn't it, Alice?\" The young inventor asked to her with a smile, Alice just seemed to be... surprised... \"I gotta admit, you got a lot of talent with your hands. Have you done something like this before?\" She shook her head slowly, \"Oh, well, you really got a lot of talent, I admire you a lot now. It is a fine piece of art.\" Her cheeks grew pink with the compliment, to then give a shy smile; he looked then to time, \"Oh, 11:00 PM... we should take some rest, right?\" \"I guess so...\" \"Okay then, let's go downstairs.\" Reaching out his hand to her, they went downstairs together to her temporary (?) room, getting everything ready for her and a good night of sleep, she yawned widely when they crossed the sliding door diving the inside of the house from the backyard, covering her mouth with a hand showing her tiredness and making him chuckle, changing up the bed sheets as well for some fresh and new ones. Among all the stuff in his old wardrobe, behind all the stuff he found a teddy bear dressed with a small lab-coat he used to call Newt because of Isaac Newton... he smiled at it... Then looked at her, and the more he saw her, the more he pondered about her petition from early... to not get too attached to her, because it'd cause him pain...? But why? Was it because she had to leave one day soon or something? He didn't know... \"Flint?\" Alice asked, looking at him comfused, \"Are you okay?\" And all he did was extend his hand to her, passing it upon her hair and then upon one of her cheeks with a serious expression, \"What... what's the problem...?\" She asked once again confused and blushed. \"It's nothing...\" Lies, secrets and lies, \"Just... if you need to talk... you can talk to me... alright?\" He said with a sincere smile, wanting her to talk to him about whatever was bothering her no matter what. She just frowned a bit and nodded slightly, \"And also, would you like to walk around the island tomorrow...? I can give you a tour if you want to...\" His hand was still upon her face, slightly touching her hair in the process, he bit his cheeks a bit waiting for an answer, to then receive a smile and a nod, \"Just when you are ready to leave tomorrow, okay?\" She nodded again, \"Alright then Al, have a nice night...\" Newt was still on a hand, smiling, he gave it to her, \"Just a small and old friend to take care of you tonight,\" He said, \"His name is Newt, he used to be my sleeping partner when I was your age, you can have him if you want...\" \"Thank you Flint...\" She said with a small smile to then hug him tight, \"I like him...\" \"Well, I'm glad you do.\" They broke the hug as she hugged the bear tight as well, \"Have sweet dreams Alice...\" The thing she didn't expect, not even a single bit was for him to kiss her forehead in a protective-like way, \"I'll see you tomorrow...\" He smiled at her, she just lied down again ready to fall asleep, he didn't leave until she was completely fast asleep... he just reminded when his mother used to stay with him like that, maybe a paternally/brotherly side bloomed in him, in the same way she used to be. Silently he left the room and closed the door gently, seeing her hugging his former teddy bear tight and completely covered with the bed sheets, to then leave to his laboratory again... slowly he got to his bed, feeling... rage? There he clenched his fists feeling like a complete idiot... \"Why did I say 'yes' to her!?\" He exclaimed furiously, scaring a monkey that was sleeping in his box, \"Stupid, stupid moron! You fucking messed it up already\" He never swears, unless he was actually real angry or something similar, then groaned a lot trying to calm down, still wondering like hell why he agreed to forget her when she leaves, he shouldn't have said that, it was a complete mistake, that's all he actually knew. He looked to his nightstand, exactly to the crystal heart he took, gently he grabbed it and looked to it: transparent, as if it just irradiated pureness, it wasn't even made of some kind of precious jewel but just a bunch of melted glass... It was her heart... somehow... \"Fucking hell...\" He swore again, \"I can't do it...\" He didn't actually promise he would try, he didn't mean his word, he couldn't do it anyways, \"I'm a fucking idiot, aren't I...?\" Without his realization, the heart was slipping from his hands, when he realized he moved his hands in the air until he managed to catch it just in time, placing it back on its base before he ended up doing something way stupid and probably getting somebody's hate for ruining her work after having praised it. Standing up he opened the window and sat on the verge, looking to the clear, starry night. The beautiful thing of living in the middle of nowhere were those illuminated nights, even more when there was a full moon. His thoughts then drove to somewhere else, far, far away from his body maybe... Questions... A lot of questions... Memories... Open wounds... Death around the corner... His mom wasn't the only one he saw leaving the world... And now he didn't want her to leave him alone again... He didn't want to be alone again.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. Are you lost or incomplete? Do you feel like a puzzle? You can't find your missing piece? Tell me how you feel... Talk - Coldplay ... \" Why didn't you save me, Lockwood? \" \"Huh?\" The young Lockwood opened his eyes to find himself strongly tied up to a chair, upon him there was a shining light bulb that for a moment left him dazed, he tried to set himself free but he was unable to do that, becoming more and more nervous at the sudden and scary situation where he was. In any case, what was even happening and where he was now? The place seemed so familiar, oddly and painfully familiar, it was a scary situation, and he just wanted to leave... He looked to his sides, his arms were against the armrests of a wooden chair, upper arms and chest were in the same way and his ankles and legs were against the legs of the chair as well, leaving him immobilized. \"What is happening...?\" He mumbled scared, he tried to look back, but he barely could do that; the place still felt awfully familiar, as if he's been there before? Who even captured him? When and why? All he knew is that he was in a basement (as much he could tell), really scared, unable to understand the situation nor know why he was there. *slap!* A sharp pain crossed his face as someone just slapped his right cheek, feeling it burning now, he hissed out first to then groan, to then feel his face tilting to the opposite side as another sharp pain presented on his left cheek. What was even happening? He couldn't see his aggressor coming, as if it was some sort of invisible person, or maybe they did it when he wasn't looking? There was something missing there, a something he couldn't get properly... then, \" Why didn't you save me, Flint... \" His blue eyes widened... Another hard hit got his face, this time it wasn't a slap but an actual blow that made him flinch in pain more than the last ones did, he couldn't see another couple coming nor who his aggressor was, but he knew who she was... and yes, it's a her... \"I'm sorry...\" He mumbled, \"I was scared... I was paralyzed... I couldn't think on anything...\" Then another blow came, making him taste the metallic flavor of blood, he didn't complain, \"I know you're angry at me...\" Another one came again, \"I know you may hate me...\" And more, \"I accept it...\" And more, \"I can't complain for it...\" He felt his nose bleeding already, probably broken as well, \"I'm sorry...\" The last hit that came was so hard that made his chair fall down to a side, it didn't matter anymore, right? ...int...! He heard a faded voice from the distance... ...ake u...! He felt tears coming out endlessly out of his eyes, as a person stood up in front of him, hearing the sound of a gun getting ready to shot... he didn't dare to look up... he couldn't, he got no rights for it. \"Anything else to say, young Lockwood?\" The female voice asked with annoyance, almost spitting all the possible venom. He just smiled a bit, bittersweetly... \"I love you...\" He heard a click, then he closed up his eyes... it was what it was anyways... bang! . He suddenly jumped out breathing heavily, finding himself on his bed sweating like a horse, to then feel someone hugging him tight... everything was just a nightmare at least... little Alice was hugging him as tight as she could, at the point he started to feel breathless, when she realized that she released him from the hug, to do it again, but more gently... apparently he got her scared... he pats her back trying to calm her down, \"It's alright Alice... it was just a nightmare...\" He said, \"I'm okay...\" That was a mid-key lie there... he wasn't all okay, just in part... kind of. \"Did I scare you...?\" \"A bit...\" She admitted, \"I came and saw you... uh... squirming and repeating 'I'm sorry' over and over again...\" It wasn't that bad then, \"Are you okay...?\" He smiled at her, \"The real question is: did Newt keep you asleep last night?\" The question did nothing but make her blush, as if it was a way to say it did, taking out a wider smile to her, \"I'm alright Al, don't worry about me, just wait for me downstairs if what you're looking for is take a walk with me.\" Without hesitation she did the asked and went back to the house, leaving him alone with his thoughts. Sighing deeply, he first took a quick shower to wear fresh clothes and get ridden of all the sweat of his nightmare, when he came out he used his usual attire which included jeans, his lab coat and a simple yellow shirt under his coat, then fixed (with \"fix\" we mean he actually messed it up a bit more than before) his wet hair to then dry it with a towel. Before going down he opened the drawer of his nightstand and took out a folded piece of paper, unfolding it, it was the picture of someone, in fact, of a fourteen years old girl with brown curly hair, brown eyes, white skin, using a white shirt with a bright smile on her face. He looked at her for a good while, then covered his face with one hand starting to feel bad again... It's been two years already since... \"Steve!\" He turned to a side to see his monkey pal playing with a piece of paper, then looked to Flint with his bright orange eyes, \"Leave!\" \"Right Steve... I should leave now...\" Alice was waiting for him anyways, and it was rude to leave someone waiting for a long while. He cleared his throat and placed the picture back in its place folded, scratching the back of his neck and standing up, he stretched up his limbs and went downstairs. It was a nice day outside, the sun was shining, flowers were blooming, birds singing, some puffy clouds passing by, the ambient felt totally different when it was shiny, the faded painting of the walls of the houses seemed to recover their original colors (but of course not as vibrant as once they used to be), getting into the house he saw her sitting on a sofa, moving one of her legs up and down in an anxious way, then seemed to calm down when he got into the living room, smiling a bit and standing up. Without sharing words, as if actions were enough, they got out together. Down the streets he talked about the island, how once upon a time they used to be famous for their quality sardines until the cannery, Baby Brent Sardines had to shut down for three reasons: the first one was that people realized sardines were super gross, so the exportation as their main source of economy went completely downhill and they had to eat all of what everybody else hated as the United States also stopped sending food to the island years ago; second was that the cannery itself was a time bomb in poor conditions, lacking a lot of infrastructure and of course endangering the lives of its workers, and finally, the consequences of the second reason: there was a fire years ago, and many lives were taken there, including the life of his mother... \"So... life here turned dull and tasteless since then,\" He said, \"We actually wouldn't be in this way if we had the sources to order food from the United States as before but, as you see, we don't...\" He took a brief pause and sighed a bit \"As much as I know, the mayor is in New York doing who-knows-what, and I can tell you he's just a selfish jerk who only thinks on himself... but one day...\" He looked to the sky with a smile, \"I'll invent something that really works, so that the world will know my name, everyone here will respect me and treat me right, and become the best scientist of the century... maybe even join some techno-scientific enterprise such as Nano Tech Labs, or even create one of my own branch,\" He took a pause and looked down, the smile became smaller, yet the spirit was still there, \"I want mom to be proud of me, wherever she is...\" Then he looked at her with with his bright blue eyes, \"I want you to know that someone can do great things if you believe in yourself and keep doing what you like... just don't ever give up, no matter how hard it can be...\" The thing that may'd ever surprise him was the fact that she just limited herself to listen carefully to what he had to say, looking at him with curiosity in her eyes and looking away a bit when he tried to make eye contact, to then look at him shyly, smiling slightly as well. His hands ran upon her hair gently, feeling it soft, she didn't actually mind it apparently, and as much as her face said, she actually seemed to like it at the same time there was the feeling that the act was like... unknown...? Then she got away a bit from him, making him raise an eyebrow confused, then he thought about her words from last night... Oh no... Was she trying to not get attached to him or something? He felt his chest flinch with it, he didn't want her to do that if he was honest, it could be just a temporal goodbye if that was her reason to not want him to get some sort of emotional bound with him or his father, yet it still was... unjustified...? Right, maybe that was the proper word to define it. He respected it, even if it could hurt... besides, she asked him nicely and he accepted. He made a promise... all that passed through his head once again was the word 'moron' for it... and just know he actually said 'Alright' to her, remember how he tried to say 'No' instead made him feel hurt in a way... it was quite hard to know the first person he talked to in years requested to not get any sort of deep human bound... it could just be she was trying to protect herself as much as possible to relief the pain from a hypothetical goodbye, but still... He bit his cheeks for a moment, trying to come up with an idea, whatever it was to start a random conversation so she could feel comfortable again, in fact said a real corny joke to start with, but there was no response asides of a face that seemed to try to hold laughs. He tried two more times, and then at the third time he finally got a reply for it, more specifically a giggle, to then go up with a conversation. It started in a shy way, to then quickly become a friendly one that made her feel comfortable again... All the way they were talking about all sorts of things like what they liked, disliked, technology, science, telling corny jokes... but neither of them seemed to realize that the whole world looked at them with askance; maybe they noticed, but didn't care at all, being so engrossed in their bubble that made the world was just the two of them without anybody else, until... \" Flint Lockwood! \" The way the inventor got called felt like a pin popping up their bubble, as a wake-up call for both of them to remind them they weren't physically alone at all. Of course he groaned a bit, this time he wasn't doing anything wrong to get into – oh wait... sighing deeply like asking God to give him patience he turned around to face him... it was Earl... \"Hello Earl...\" He said, trying to hide his annoyance knowing what could be coming from him, \"What's wrong?\" This was one of those times where for once in his life he wasn't doing anything asides of just walking down the street, leaving as an obvious fact that the officer didn't trust him, not even a single bit. \"You know what you are Flint Lockwood?\" Earl asked jumping to the sides and making some stunts around him, Alice hid behind the inventor as he looked at the officer \"A sheganeganizer,\" wasn't the right word 'shenanigan'? Oh well it didn't matter right now anyways, \"A tom-fool, and I hope you're not back with one of your crazy science doodibopper thingies!\" There wasn't a day where he didn't get interrogated about his activities... \"What? No!\" Not today at least, \"I'm just giving Alice a tour around the town,\" Feeling her tugging his lab coat made him realize she was feeling nervous again. The police officer raised an eyebrow when he mentioned her, \"The girl I found a couple of days ago?\" \"Oh...\" He said, then tried to look at her, but she moved to a side still hiding behind Flint, \"Hey, I ain't gonna harm you! I'm a police officer! I do no harm to people.\" \"Sorry Earl, she's just too shy towards... new people,\" He still felt her tugging his lab coat, it still made him wonder what could happen to her to be like that. Well, there was the thing that parents always told to children which was to not talk with strangers, but most children tends to actually forget that or not have it in mind which was completely normal, still, her shyness didn't feel really normal at all... \"It's alright though, I had problems to get a bit of her trust yesterday anyways,\" There was no response asides of a glance, then he tried to reach her with a hand, \"Come on Alice, Earl is a good person, I promise he won't hurt you.\" She tugged his lab coat more than before, to then slowly peek to the police officer and come out next to the inventor, not passing farther from where he was and keeping her distance from Earl, she didn't look up, grabbing her hands and having them down... she looked so small like that... Flint just smiled at her like an older brother, patting her back twice like telling that everything was alright and she didn't have anything to actually fear. \"So, you're Alice, huh?\" He asked, she looked at him a bit nodding, \"Aw, you're as small and cute like my angel son Cal!\" He said, \"You'd be good friends with him I guess.\" Would she accept to befriend someone of her age...? The inventor wondered, to give a 50/50 chance of that happening, maybe if she actually got someone around her age she would become less shy, right? Well, it was a fair thing to hope for it, it'd make her feel better with everyone around though. There he felt a glare from him, of course it didn't mean anything good coming from the officer, there he saw him taking her a bit away from him, to then say something, look at him and talk to her again... he sighed having an idea of what he could've told her, it wasn't unexpected anyways. There he saw her stepping back as she kept looking at Earl in a slightly insecure way, to then come back to him and grab his hand tight... \"I'm sorry but I do like to be with him...\" She said, her tone was still shy, yet firm, \"He's a nice person despite what you're telling me...\" Wait, did he hear right? She was actually choosing to be with him? Wasn't it a contradiction to what she asked before? Or she ended up just terminating that petition? He wasn't even close to be sure of a thing, the only thing he was actually thinking about is that an actual someone was choosing to be with him for what he was and not listening to the others... there he felt her turning him around and dragging him away from the officer leaving him speechless, to then smile a bit and walk away from them as well... he did want to ask, but maybe later. Maybe before going to sleep though. Yeah, that sounded right... . They walked around for a good while, none of them passed up the glances from the other citizens to see the weirdo of the town being with an actual someone asides his mischievous monkey, and as happened before, they didn't pay them attention at all, still pretending they were alone on the streets of the town. The more she looked the depressing things felt. She didn't pass up the details from her surroundings neither the atmosphere of the town and its dull pallet, the businesses showed up that they've seen better days; at that point they were in the downtown district known as the Sardine Circle, the lack of revenue from the now defunct source of economy that the Cannery was, showed how dried up everything was, with most of the places seeming... neglected, needing a good hand of paint as well. Another thing that didn't pass up for her is how symmetrical the buildings were – talking about how rectangular they looked, which just keep reflecting a demoralized economy with little diversity and low culture, and talking in a more symbolic way, it was something like a representation of the \"stuck in a box\" mindset of the community. They passed in front of some of the old buildings from the Sardine Circle, including a cuizine , a supermarket that seemed so empty and pity inside, several other buildings that only had the \"sardine\" name in it but weren't really related to it, a shop of used rugs... Then they reached Waterfront Street (1), which visually felt more livid in her honest opinion, it wasn't as gray as the rest of the town, with a certain amount of \"street furniture\" like parking meters, streetlights phone booths and mailboxes, besides, the colors were more bright despite they still looked old. In other words, looked better than the actual Sardine Circle. They passed next to the Sardiner (2), the local diner place (hence the pun in its name), which entrance was located in a corner of a square; its façade was a mix of stucco, rock and brick, with actually nothing aesthetically appealing about it, and its awnings and windows didn't even match that showed at its best the lackadaisical attitude towards appearance of the town. Taking a peek inside (one person sitting on a table while one of the employees was lazily watching TV) she actually saw how wide the place was, her imagination made her see how full maybe was when their economy wasn't drown up... \"We used to come to eat here sometimes, when we didn't have anything to cook at home,\" Flint told her, \"After mom passed, dad and I used to come twice a week, then we just... stopped coming as we distanced... it just felt awkward for the two of us...\" He bit his cheeks for a moment, \"We also used to share a show together, about a scientific sardine (3) because it was something we two liked– I mean, he loves fish and I love science, but you may know where it ended though...\" There was no reply but a look, telling him she understands. Before keeping their path around the town, he heard her stomach growling in hunger, which was a good reminder that they probably needed a brunch. He looked to his pockets for his wallet (or did he leave it at home...?) which should be somewhere – oh meatballs... he gave a quick look to her, she didn't actually say anything about being hungry, she didn't complain, and he was hungry too but... oh well he needed to pin a note somewhere to remind himself to take his damn wallet whenever he was going to get out. They could get back to the house for brunch and – eh? He looked to Alice, who pulled his lab coat a bit twice to call out his attention easier, there she passed him a 20 dollars bill... where did she take that money? Oh wait, he forgot she was carrying some lose cash in a pocket of her tattered clothes, she probably found them and took whatever was in without their realization, and it wasn't stealing, because it was her money anyways... he felt his cheeks burning in embarrassment there... \"But it's your–\" He was going to say. \"I don't mind it, Flint...\" She said, \"Just take it...\" The honesty in her voice was clear, still, in a reluctant way he took it, chuckling nervously, wanting to hit his head against a wall when no one was looking... come on, a ten-years-old girl giving him money because his dumb head forgot his wallet at the lab... oh well, it was what it was, right? Then after the meal (where she ordered something vegan, as if she knew that at least they still could get fresh vegetables made in the island to mix with sardines), they kept on walking afterwards, and it didn't take any longer until they stumbled with Tim's tackle shop, he bit his cheeks again, kind of wanting to pass by for the moment... \"Hey... let's see your dad Flint...\" Alice said with a small smile, which surprised him. \"Well I don't–\" \"Please...\" She asked with puppy eyes. God she looked so innocent and cute at the same time. He told to himself to not fall for it and even looked away to hold up the desire to give in, but then he felt her hugging him as she keep looking at him with the puppy eyes... Only this time. \"Alright...\" And also because she was nicely asking him to do so. She giggled happily, which made him smile, then passed a hand upon her head caressing her hair a bit; she looked genuinely happy, putting asides that face of seriousness and her shy behavior, which indeed was a huge advance in his honest opinion. For a moment her request echoed his mind again, the doubts about her origins, how he ended falling there in the ocean, why she healed so fast... a crossroads of his beliefs, his love for science and his own humanity, but quickly managed to put questions asides. There they got in. Two people were sitting in a table playing poker and listening to the TV in a random channel, the two looked at them, feeling curious for the small girl being with... the local weirdo... again they just ignored their faces. Ding! Ding! The inventor pressed the bell upon the table. His father was surely arranging stuff in the backroom. A couple of minutes later he arrived, getting surprised to see his son there, then he noticed her behind the counter, she was shorter than the furniture so he didn't spot her before. \"Hello Mr. Lockwood,\" She said with a smile. \"Oh, hello Alice, how are you today?\" The old fisherman asked, feeling good to see her smiling in contrast to what they already saw about her. \"We just came to say hello,\" Flint said, feeling slightly... awkward maybe, \"Well, Alice wanted to pass by so here we are...\" She looked down shyly, but her corporal expression looked different. It didn't show fear this time but certain embarrassment, with a playful manner below the layer of embarrassment, and the more she tried to hide it the evident it became. Whatever the inventor did (which he attributed to how he gently touched her head) just made her feel good. Mood swings maybe? It was an option... his hand drifted again upon her hair, making her giggle a bit and get closer to him like a kitten to its mother (in this case, friend). Still felt weird, yet, he actually liked it a lot. \"How are you feeling today, Alice?\" The old fisherman asked, the girl smiled in response, \"I'm glad then.\" Comparing to what he saw the last day, of course he felt glad to see her smiling. She looked to the rest of the shop, which wasn't that big either; the walls had some fishing trophies, showing that sardines could be actually slightly bigger than they seemed to be. Some fishing rods were hanging from the ceiling, illumination was right, so many kinds of bright tackles, then saw a sign against a pillar that said 'Special discount for local costumers' underlined with three bright lines, and there under it, in parenthesis, emphasizing a 'not' with red and underlining the two more words to leave it completely clear: 'But NOT you Flint ! '. She couldn't actually help but giggle at it. There weren't any comments from father or son though, asides of the second one blushing again and pretending he didn't hear a thing, which was funny and quite embarrassing. No one had to be Sherlock to know why of the sign, probably that's why it was funny. The two people who were in the shop in that moment were looking at the scene curious indeed, they heard about the curious case of the \"body\" the Lockwood found days ago, and now there was a new face in town which mean the \"body\" was that girl there. The thing that of course called the attention of everyone out like the rest of the adult townsfolk (in majority) was to see her with the local weirdo, it was weird at the point they didn't actually know how to feel about it, if gladness or a something else. Then she asked Tim for the restroom, he gave her indications and she went straight there. Flint couldn't help but smile, and then notice a glance from his father... \"What?\" He asked curious for his look, as if he could deduce his thoughts from a monotone stern look. \"Why don't you take her fishing?\" He asked, \"She may like to go.\" \"What? No!\" He exclaimed, \"I mean, I don't think she'd like to go fishing...\" Well, it was more of him than because of her, and because he already lost a lot of time with his investigations of genetics with the incident with Steve the day he found Alice, \"It's boring, you spend too much time sitting and waiting...\" Not his thing either, and he had forbidden use a Flint Lockwood invention for it because quite obvious reasons. \"And it seems right for her as well,\" Judging her behavior, yes, it seemed the case, \"I mean just look at her, I think she's patient enough for it.\" The more he talked the more it seemed he wanted him to spend as much time possible with her, but not in his laboratory. A relaxed ambient without rush, alone the two of them, the calming sound and smell of the salt of the sea... thinking it twice it could work to make her open up more about herself, \"Besides you loved to go fishing with your mom and I...\" That wound in their hearts felt like stinging when the old fisherman made mention of it, but he wasn't wrong at all. Although Flint was a complete mess without a doubt in early days at the point he even caught his father's nose with the fishing hook once in the docks at the age of five, when it came to fish with his mom back then, he never could say \"no\" to the request, as she was the nexus between her genius son and her humble husband, but of course, after her death, the nexus got broken, and they seldom agreed to do things together. Now it was the perfect moment for him to go back to those early days without his father but with somebody else... Yet the idea sounded actually nice... \"Alright dad...\" He said smiling a bit, just in time for her to come back, \"Hey Al, wouldn't you like to go fishing with me later?\" He asked in a quite shy tone, she first looked at him in surprise, to then blush a bit and finally become a tomato, \"Only if you want of course!\" His brain couldn't stop repeating the same thing all over again, which was a ' I hope I didn't screw it up '. \"Sure... I think...\" She said with a small smile, he sighed in relief. Well, at least he didn't screw it up as he thought, \"Whenever you want I guess...\" The tone in her voice didn't mean anything else asides that she actually liked the idea and tried to not sound as if she was being just dragged to it. \"I'll get your stuff ready then.\" Tim said, before they could say a thing he already headed to the backroom. Oh well. The other two people in the shop grabbed their stuff and left, leaving the seats free for the couple of friends (kind of, maybe?), who sat next to each other in silence... actually there wasn't anything to talk about again, he didn't know what to say in that moment. Such amazing skills to socialize with people, wasn't it? He took the controller of the TV and turned it on, switching channels to catch something interesting, until he got into a music channel. There was a music video ending in that right moment... then he saw another one starting, sounded like distant wind in a beginning, the video was black and white, then there was a distant-like guitar riff. He noticed Alice looking at the TV then with a glint in her eyes, he kept watching. The ambient of the video was black with a distant light in the horizon, it seemed like outer space, the camera zoomed out as there was a UFO passing by in the distance, then the camera angle changed to show four men sitting in the spaceship that looked like taken out of a B-movie from the 80's, then looked at Alice again, she was staring now still with the glint of happiness in her eyes; looking again to the video clip, he saw now the four men looking at the camera using those cardboard 3-D glasses to then show the ship landing somewhere inhospitable, and yes, indeed was based on a B-movie due the special effects and stuff. Once the ship landed the song started to have a stronger rhythm with the addition of drums and a soft bass. To add another surprise to the day, he heard her singing: Oh brother I can't, I can't get through... I've been trying hard to reach you Cause I don't know what to do... Her voice was soft, as soft as the singer maybe... Oh brother I can't believe it's true... I'm so scared about the future and I wanna talk to you, Oh I wanna talk to you... \"You know the song?\" He asked, she nodded slightly. \"It's called Talk.\" She said turning up the volume, not too loud but enough to hear it better. So you take a picture of something you see... In the future, where will I be? You can climb a ladder up to the sun, Or write a song nobody has sung, Or do, something that's never been done... What the inventor thought with the first verses was that the song maybe was addressed to someone in specific. He didn't know who as he was just listening to it, and he was already liking it if he was honest; the tempo was now slower again, he kept looking at the video clip seeing that the members of the band found a giant toy robot and jumped to it, examining it, the singer then started to sing near the face of the robot at the same time he heard her starting to sing again: Are you lost or incomplete? Do you feel like a puzzle? You can't find your missing piece? Tell me how you feel... He couldn't feel more related if he was completely honest... Well, I feel like they're talking in a language I don't speak And their talking into me... He make a parallelism with the citizens of the town or any normal person he ever talked to about science, sometimes he understood what they were saying even if sometimes it was hard to understand, but most part of the time he was like a stranger in his own home... the glaces he uses to have from the townsfolk, the bullying, he could even hear them talking to his backs, whispering things he couldn't understand whenever two or more people saw him, some times he could hear them say \"Look, there goes the weirdo\", \"I wonder what's he planning again\", \"He'll destroy the town one of these days...\". So you take a picture of something you see... Not one of the shop of course... In the future, where will I be? Hopefully he would be already a famous inventor as he always wished... You can climb a ladder up to the sun, It was worth to try that, wasn't it? Or write a song nobody has sung, Or do, something that's never been done... Yeah do, something that's never been done... \"Something that's never been done...\" He quietly mumbled as he kept hearing the song looking down, probably in a normal case he'd have a sudden idea of a new Flint Lockwood invention, but oddly enough he didn't bring anything to the point, as if the song was inhibiting his ideas and making him think more than the usual. So he just focused on the rhythms, the loud yet mesmerizing guitar bell as the sound of the drums and a powerful riff came bringing the last verses, and Alice singing again, but this time he heard more emotion hidden in her voice... So you don't know where you're going and you wanna talk, It heard, in his opinion as a cry of help... You feel like you're going where you've been before, Becoming louder... You tell anyone to listen but you feel ignored... Was she actually screaming out loud without his realization or was just his mind...? Nothing's really making any sense at all Let's talk, let's ta-a-alk, Let's talk, let's ta-a-alk... And there the song ended, looking again to the videoclip he saw the robot atracting the spaceship of the flying band with a ray from its hand, to then get it close to its mouth and eat them, funny enough the robot started to whistle and leave its place as if it was going to go to wait for another group of dummies to do the same once again, an act that actually cracked him a smile, right in that moment his father came back with some fishing stuff for the two, the inventor turned off the TV and got the stuff in the way he could, getting some help of the small girl who incredibly managed to carry out some of the complicated stuff. From there they went to the docks, to the same docks where he found her. The day was still fine, they had their fishing hats to avoid sunburns as much as possible, vests and other stuff. He still wasn't a huge fan of fishing but, now knowing a bit more of her musical taste maybe he could learn more... it was a way to reach her core... well kind of... when he was going to ask her if she ever went fishing, he saw her maneuvering the rod with elegance and carefully, then spinning it in the air three times before letting the tackle fly away to the sea, to then sit down upon the wooden dock with a small smile... \"Nice one Al,\" He praised, \"Is not your first time, right?\" She shook her head slightly, then he did the same she did and launched his hook to the sea, smiling at it. Then looked at her, \"Hey, I got something you may like,\" He said and took out what looked like an MP3 player mixed with a phone... kinda, \"It's my Super Flint Lockwood Music Player!\" It had to work, \"This one got internet wherever you are, and you can play whatever song you want! You just got to imput the song you want to listen and bam! You'll have it.\" He hoped it to work. She looked at him for a moment, then just took the device with curiosity, she tried to use it, turning it on, it didn't explode yet so that was a good signal, there she input something on the device and placed it somewhere safe, then waited a minute for it to load, it didn't take that much for the song to start to play, it was a piano song that sounded familiar, one he knew was called Somewhere Only We Know by a British band whose name he felt unable to remind, but brought him some nostalgia... \"Hey, don't you mind to be far away from home...?\" He asked her without looking, only to receive a puzzled gaze from her, \"I mean, if you don't miss your family, friends...\" \"No...\" She just said in a slightly cold way, looking away from him, \"There are things that we all do for love even if it can be the most stupid thing you've ever done...\" He detected a wide bitter-sweetness in her words, as if it supposed to mean 'danger' or something similar, \"So... well... I try to not think about it... I'm actually used to it though...\" There she seemed to realize something, \"You know just... nevermind... as a short answer I don't mind it.\" Again he was curious to know what's she actually hiding. \"Alright then...\" It was a lie, he wasn't alright with it, \"Also, what's the name of the band you were singing before?\" \"Coldplay,\" She replied with a small smile, \"They're my favorite band... I love them a lot... I started to listen to their songs a couple of years ago when I accidentally stumbled with their music...\" She took a pause blushing a bit, \"And I'd like to meet them one day, too...\" The small smile upon her face then vanished, \"Their music saved my life...\" Oh God, did that mean... depression? Mental illness? Then there was silence, with the music filling their air for a while. That was deep now, whatever that was happening was deep indeed, probably a problem beyond his reach, which felt... saddening... the song changed then, there were no comments from her, neither him... the thing he couldn't avoid think is about her petition last night, adding the recent things she mentioned... \"So you don't know where you're going and you wanna talk...\" He sung in a low voice, low enough for her to not listen, \"You feel like you're going where you've been before...\" The song just reminded him how he wanted to talk to somebody about a certain something he needed to tell to anyone and get ridden of the weight upon his back and shoulders, but he felt fully unsure to tell her about... \"Achoo!\" He sneezed, she looked at him curious, \"It was just a sneeze don't worry.\" She didn't say a word, to then look back at the sea, he just bit his cheeks thinking that it was better to wait some more time for it... about what? Well, about– \"I caught something!\" She exclaimed and started to roll up the line seeming excited, when the hook came, there was a small sardine hanging from there, she was beaming with happiness. \"Well done Alice!\" He said with a smile, then he saw her taking out the small fish and throwing it back to the ocean, of course they were just spending time so they wouldn't eat them, at least that wasn't the plan as much as he could see. She just gave him a smile with a glint of happiness in her eyes, which made him feel proud of her... An hour passed, with them catching a few fish and returning them to the ocean, giggling a bit at time to time, with music still filling their air and talking about random things as a way to have a way to not let silence invade them until they decided to leave back to the house. The young inventor turned off his MP3 device and placed it back in a pocket of his lab coat having learned a bit more about her tastes in music – which was fairly a something; getting everything ready they got themselves in the same way to make their way back, then... \" Hello nerd! \" An annoying voice said, the inventor tensed a bit of too much knowing who was coming... Alice turned around to see the source of the voice, he did the same with annoyance and a hint of worry in his gaze, slightly biting his lower lip. \"Baby\" Brent McHale was coming with a couple of his friends, the girl tensed with them coming near, the inventor had to place an arm in front of her to protect her, making her get behind him as the group of three was staring at them with a stupid grin upon their faces. \"Hello, Brent...\" He said, only staring at the fat blond, keeping his arm up and the girl behind him in every moment as an indication to remain hidden. The tension in the air was palpable, \"What do you want?\" \"Oh, I thought you were nerding again with your silly inventions!\" He said in a mocking tone, Flint just rolled his eyes with a groan as he heard them laughing, \"Come on! As if any of your inventions ever worked out!\" He felt Alice clenching his coat with certain nervousness he translated to anger, the fat teenager took a peek to her, \"Who's your girlfriend Lockwood?\" \"Just leave us alone, Brent!\" He said angrily, one thing was mock about him, but it wasn't right to drag her into it, without his realization she was inching away, \"We're not doing anything right now!\" \"What are you going to do if we don't leave, nerd?\" He asked threateningly, getting close to him with the couple of gorillas. He gulped knowing that it was a terrible mistake, that he was going to get an atomic wedgie even if his underwear were wedgie-proof (they always managed to pull out a solution anyways), and only-God-knew what they had planned this time, \"Eh? Are you scared to talk?\" Well, pretty much he was. Whack! He felt a pain on the back of his head that made him flinch, then felt how something whacked his arm, back, and other part of his body, the same happened to the others, having to back off from the inventor, who turned to see Alice holding one of the fishing rods with both hands as if a sword was, her legs spreaded in attack position and her back bowed to the front... that was a reminder, she arrived with a sword on her back which meant she actually knew how to use it. Contrary to her normal retreated self, this time her gaze was stern and firm, with determination in her eyes, \"Back off!\" She threatened, to then get in front of the inventor. They were going to do something, try to get close in fact, in a sudden movement she whacked them again with the fishing rod painfully, he noticed a couple of her movements, showing that indeed her technique was one of a sword user. Some action movies were enough to tell that honestly. The three bullies couldn't do anything else but back off and run away screaming that they weren't going to stop there, and once they were away from their view, she relaxed in her position by letting out a deep sigh and lowering her improvised weapon. At least they did take off the hook just in case... there she turned around to him, \"Are you okay, Flint?\" The inventor seemed to snap out of his surprise with the question, \"Yes, I am, thanks Alice...\" First of all: he was totally impressed to see a fierce personality coming from someone so shy like her, with a complete right-hand to fight like that with a rod. Second: He was grateful to her for helping him like that, otherwise it could've been worse, and that was almost for sure. Third: All the damn questions were back. She saw her lowering down the rod with the other one, cracking her knuckles with her thumb as she seemed quite nervous and trying to ease herself down from the intense rush through her veins due the adrenaline of the moment, \"I'm glad they didn't do anything to you...\" She said with honesty in her voice, \"I mean...\" \"Where did you learn how to fight?\" He couldn't hold up the question, she jumped a bit with it, he was just curious, \"I just want to know. That was really impresive and brave...\" He gave her a patient smile there. \"Well... I was taught a couple of years ago...\" She said, \"I'm not as good as I should though...\" She still seemed nervous once again, \"H-hey... let's just go back to the house... alright?\" Well, another attempt of her to divert the conversation to anything else but not herself nor her life, which still, in his honest opinion, felt annoying. Of course he didn't really have another option but accept her request, so without any more delays they headed back to the house, in any case, Tim would take all the stuff back to the shop the next day... Talking about him... \" FLINT! \" His screams were heard from blocks away. The teenager and the girl looked to each other worried as they rushed to the house. When they arrived to the front door they stopped as they were hearing stuff breaking down, then the sound of Steve repeating his mess like crazy, the two of them looked to each other again and got in. What a beautiful disaster awaiting there! Oh well... 20 minutes later and they were finally able to catch the mischievous animal and take him upstairs, giving him again the wooden spoon and the bucket to bang and get entertained for a good while, then go back down and make a clean-up for a long hour, with any invention of Flint made for said task ultimately forbidden (also, for obvious reasons) which of course made him groan as well, but at least in the meantime he had Alice to talk with. He noticed that she had her times to be retreated and others to socialize with him a bit more than the usual, in any case he considered them as progresses on their curious friendship (which still had in part, a scientific purpose). Once done they both had a shower, to then meet up in the laboratory again where she helped him to keep re-making the broken stuff from days ago, which quickly leaded them to night already. It wasn't that late either, around 11-and-something PM, the inventor accompanied her downstairs to her room to tug her on the bed and wish her a goodnight, pass her Newt the bear, and give her a goodnight kiss... God! It felt so weird yet good, his softest side showing up with her... he couldn't help it, he actually liked it a lot. Again, once she fell asleep he left the room silently, to then stretch up his limbs and go back to the lab with a serious face with the images of the ten-years-old swordswoman, but instead of seeing her using the rod, he actually pictured her with the sword she was wearing when he found her... Making a throwback to her movements, her lunges were precise in points where, in a normal case would cause a severe wound that would need some good points to stop the bleeding, in another case slightly farther, it'd be possibly meant to kill with enough pressure and strenght that, hopefully she didn't own, but judging the height the weapon had, he hightly doubted about it. Grabbing her weapon by the belt of the scabbard, he carried it next to a scanner and left it against the metallic body of the machine, sighing deeply he proceeded to unsheathe the large blade of the European-like sword... He was in shock to see it: the blade was perfect, in a dark-grey tone that didn't have any single imperfection nor scratch on the surface, which was amazingly surprising, it reflected the lights of the laboratory in a perfect way, and the way he was holding it, well, he felt powerful... as if he was actually able to slice the entire planet with a single swing. As much as he was feeling it he couldn't believe that it was an amazingly light weapon, only needing a hand to raise it, Steve looked at it closely too, with his eyes wide open in surprise, saying \"Shiny...\" as he reached out a hand, and then jump away because of a sudden movement of the inventor. \"You're right Steve, this thing is so shiny...\" First of all, before doing anything else, he decided to focus and placed the weapon on a large surface, to then turn on the scanner and wait for the results in one of his screens, and a while later: \"What?! This doesn't makes sense at all!\" At least, a total of two percent of the components of the sword were an alloy of the hardest metals in Earth, which were steel, titanium, tungsten, inconel and chrome, \"98% percent of the rest of the components made of an unknown component?!\" He looked again to the blade, whatever the other component was, seeing the molecular structures of the metals all together, he got into a very shocking conclusion: \"The sword is indestructible...\" At least the blade was indestructible and light like a feather. He couldn't avoid giving the weapon another glance and get back to it. Even if he wasn't exactly a blacksmith (in the sense of forging weapons of course), he had to admit that it was probably one of the most beautiful things he'd ever seen... now the hardest part for him was get his mind back to business and find out what the 98% of unknown metal actually was, as he was like a bug attracted to light. Like any good scientist in its field, he needed to make some tests, but in this case it wasn't related to that but a genuine curiosity, how did it actually feel to handle a sword. One hand on the handle, the cover of it didn't feel worn out at all, then another one; he felt powerful. Then, he took it up, he felt powerful once again, as if the sword was giving him the confidence he needed to take anyone down; frowning his lips and raising it up, he quickly swung the weapon down before screwing it up, just like she did with the fishing rod, hearing the blade cutting the air in a sweet metallic sound... the only thing is that he did a spin due the light weight and his own inexperience, quickly putting the sharp point down against the floor with his blue eyes wide open in surprise with a joyful glint... he had to be careful to not get severely injured for a simple stupidity. Licking his lips he made another attempt to raise it up again, the blade was still calling his attention: so light, long and indestructible... his brain was repeating himself several times something like 'Must... repress... stupidity...' Well, there was this cartoon show he used to watch a lot when he was a child asides of that one of the scientific sardine, he first shook his head trying to get the ideas incoming ridden from there and get back to real business and try to repress a childish as hell behavior incoming... but that sword was just impulsing him to do it... \"No, no, stop it Lockwood!\" He said red, \"You're already a grown up teenager and you don't do these things anymore.\" . 5 seconds later... Now we see him standing in the middle of the lab, not using his coat for some reason, with the scabbard of the sword hanging on his back. He giggled several times like a fool, having wanted to do that for a good long while already; he took the handle of the sword with a huge grin on his face, \"For the power of Stormderia,\" He exclaimed, then unsheathed the sword and raise it in high \"I am the powerful Thunder Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawk! \" The loud chirping of a hawk and his own (?) voice were heard in the background, funny enough with special effects of thunders and lightnings around. \"Stormy!\" Steve exclaimed as he hid under a table scared. He was playing a fool of himself alone now... he swung the weapon down, hearing the metallic blade cutting the air once again, it sounded like music for anybody's ears who had a sensible hearing, then to a side, realizing that even the air seemed to change with the movement of the blade, leaving a quick trail of light in every swing; he kept going like that for a while, amused like a child playing with a toy – but this time was a real weapon so, almost. The \"act\" ended when he cut down a wooden plank with a clean slice, for a moment he thought nothing happened, to then see it falling in two to the floor... the blade was so perfect that he was seeing the results now... But why was she carrying it anyways? And where did she get it? Of course were things that didn't make any sense at all yet, and the pieces of the giant puzzle she supposed to be were so scattered and so small that he didn't actually know how to build it. Carefully he placed down the sword again and took out the scabbard from his back ready to sheathe the blade back in its place, at the moment he put it upside down to look at the details of the case, something slipped out there to the floor calling up his attention, he took it, it was a folded piece of paper covered with a plastic film for some reason, he opened it... He didn't understand... It was large, rectangular piece of paper that looked like those ones that uses to hang on those Japanese wind chimes, he couldn't just figure out what was written on the paper: there on the very middle was something written in Japanese, he bit his cheeks a bit trying to figure out though, he knew a bit of the language so he had to know... \"Sa... kka... ku...\" He raised an eyebrow confused, the symbols around the word seemed so messy and nonsensical, \"Why does this piece of paper says 'illusion' though?\" He wondered out loud, still biting his cheeks carefully... another mystery added to the list, possibly... Or probably it was nothing... Folding back the piece of paper in the same way he found it, he slid it into the scabbard and did the same with the blade, placing it back on a dark part of his lab... he sighed deeply, Steve looked at him with curiosity for a moment, like wondering what could be roaming the mind of his owner; it was day two of knowing her, he still had his questions, she still was keeping away some secrets from him which felt quite annoying, he still wanted to know about her biology, but at the same time it was still his moral and integrity against his scientific side... there he got to his bed and flopped against it, to then look to the crystal heart she gave to him the day before... it still felt like she gave him her actual heart... And next to it there was the picture of her mom, he sniffed and whimpered, \"Oh mom... I wish you were here...\" He whispered with a hint of sadness, looking at the photograph, \"You wouldn't believe how wonderful and smart is Alice... and how she quite of reminds me about you...\" That still was true, she may be young, but physically looked like his mom, not exactly of course, but some features were so familiar, \"She even defended me from Brent today... and I guess she actually sees me as a friend... something almost no one did before... but there are some things she doesn't wants me to know... and I'm feeling totally worried about what can it be...\" There was this small tear rolling down his cheek, his guard was getting down again letting his feelings kick his system... again so many questions... memories... A silent agony of his lonely life... He didn't want her to leave him alone again... it's been two times already and he didn't want her to leave too... One more thing crossed his head before darkness surrounded him: Alice complete trust... (1): The name of Waterfront Street has been taken out of the art book of the first movie (which I gladly own to add a few more details to this version of the story), which, as mentioned in the chapter, is the address of Tim's tackle shop. (2): Can't remember if the Sardiner was a thing in the movie, but it was a thing in the series and the Art Book, which I'm using to take more accurate references. (3): It's also a show from the series, as mentioned, about a scientific sardine.[Chapter 4] Reviews : Anonym : Thank you! I'm really putting my best over here *insert heart because I can't* . Author's Note : Sorry for the long as hell chapter, but I found a lot of inspiration (and also laziness) to make this one... . Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. Are you a sleeper or a mortal soul? Are you the devil with a heart of gold? You and I got the right stuff The Right Stuff - Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds ... \"Why can't you leave me alone...?\" *clank!* A giant sword almost got her, getting stuck against a rocky wall behind her, having got the blade of it grinding her neck, her gaze was fixated to the front, showing fear in her eyes as tears were rolling down her cheeks, she swallowed hard, completely frozen with her arms and against the rock behind, she was on the ground, staring at a tall, dark figure in front of her... all what could be distinguished was a couple of bright yellow orbs as eyes with a torn pupil, apparently the long and thick weapon was being held by the mysterious being. \"Why should I leave alone a pathetic and filthy weakling like you...?\" A male voice asked coming from the dark and tall shadow, \"When you are something I want to get ridden of to fulfill my vendetta against them...\" A hand reached out from the darkness, grabbing the neck of her shirt as she got lifted up like nothing, getting stomped against the rocky wall hardly. Her body was shaking terribly... \"Please... just let me go...\" She whimpered. In a sudden moment, the grip of her shirt passed to her face as she got stomped against the wall behind, to then her her face grind at top speed against the surface, leaving a trace of it until she reached the end, rolling several times on the ground, she didn't move once she stopped, feeling too weak to move an inch, and her face did burn a bit of way too much, leaving large scratches all over her face. She made an attempt to stand up, to then feel a kick on her chest that sent her flying a few meters away from her previous spot, spinning in the air violently, at the moment she was going to fall again, the process was repeated as she was kicked away once again, and the process was repeated one, two, five times in total until her body heavily fell again, making her groan... there she felt a foot on her back crushing her against the hard soil making her whimper more, \"Come on little princess, are you tired already?\" The man asked again with venom in his voice, \"Come on! Fight me! Or are you a coward?!\" \"I don't... wanna fight anymore...\" She said in a low voice, feeling way too tired to raise her voice, \"Please... I just wanna go home...\" The man raised up his sword, holding it upside down to impale it on her, in a sudden movement she barely avoided it, yet getting a cut on a side. Not too deep, but it needed to get a good treatment and some points to get healed, \"Leave me alone... just leave me alone...\" In any moment she didn't sob, just tear up uncontrollably because of the fear she had. Most part of time the desire of ending with her life was bigger than anything in the universe... Sometimes, she just wanted to live a peaceful life again... This time was the second thing... \"Such a whiny little piece of shit...\" The man hissed again, clenching his teeth apparently, there he grabbed her from an arm and raised her up, \"And you call yourself a–\" \"I'm not like them...\" She said looking down tiredly, \"I hate to be related to them... because that's my only sin... I'm only paying for the broken plates...\" There she looked straight to his eyes, \"You are not strong enough to fight him... and you're downloading your rage upon me...\" A sudden sharp pain crossed her face, having received a heavy punch. \"I'm not a weakling like you, stupid little princess!\" He exclaimed, there was a hand on her neck as they went up to the sky straight to outer space, with the man covered in a white aura, \"Come on! Fight! Struggle! I don't fucking care but do something!\" He shouted, she didn't reply, which just brought out an angry groan, \"Ah! You're so pity! Tell me what's your purpose in this life!\" Again there was no reply as he stopped somewhere in the outer space again, holding her neck tight and making her look to his eyes. \"What is your true purpose in this meaningless life?!\" \"What do you mean... with that...?\" \"Who you fucking are! Why are you still alive and why are you still fucking fighting me! You have none asides of the natural instinct of living, and that's so pathetic and pity that only makes me feel angry!\" She had none... again she lacked an answer to him, with a drifted off gaze. The man gave a spin and tossed her away towards the void of the cold space, to then raise a hand towards her... a burning feeling got her body as she was dragged away. For moments she only felt pain and didn't hear anything... Then... *splash* . Alice suddenly woke up gasping for air, sweating and tearing up uncontrollably, clenching her bed sheets just like Flint the day before, the only difference is that she found herself alone in the room... it was just a nightmare... she flopped back again breathing heavily, to then take Newt the bear and hug it tight trying to calm herself down, she closed her eyes and repeated herself that everything was alright and nothing was going to happen, \"Bones, sinking like stones and all that we've fought for...\" She sang in a low voice, \"Homes, places we've grown, all of us are done for...\" Slowly her breathing started to regulate once again as she kept singing softly, finding peace in music... slowly her anxiety started to decrease, still her hug against Newt was tight... Once she finally managed to fully calm down, she stood up and went to the bathroom to clean her face and brush her teeth, then come back and have a change of clothes plus breakfast. Some corn flakes with milk was enough for the morning though... there was a deep sigh from her part, unable to keep thinking that she was abusing of their kindness as Tim pretty much went to spent whatever he had of money to get some normal stuff for her asides of the sardines and even some of the clothes she was using in that moment, they just did it like nothing while she was still out so... she couldn't actually complain... Right? Done with breakfast, she did all the dishes and placed them back in their places, clearly she was alone there in the house and Flint was in his lab for sure, which meant, too, that the old fisherman was in his shop or somewhere at the high-seas. Getting in front of the sliding door to the backyard, she looked outside as she leaned against the glass, sticking her face against it, the climate seemed perfect to take a walk again, with fluffy white clouds riding the sky making it seem that a storm was far away from there, and probably it'd remain like that for a few more days, the ambient of the town was something she also liked a lot, it felt so quiet, yet sad, yet still quiet and peaceful which was suitable for someone who was wanting some peace... It was better to tell him about– \"No, no!\" She mumbled to herself, shaking her head, \"He would stop talking to me and get angry... he will hate me... he will think I'm a monster...\" He's probably the kindest person she met in a long time, and as much she knew how interested he was in her past, she had certain attachment to him now, \"Oh Gee... why did I ask him that...?\" She whimpered slightly in reference to her petition of two days ago, \"It's for the best I suppose...\" Or that's what she wanted to think? She still could take a boat one night and– no, no... she couldn't do that either, although if she apologized them with a note explaining her situation, that'd be way too rude as they treated her so nicely. Sighing deeply she got back to the inside, giving a small glance towards the laboratory, when she was getting away from there she heard the voice of the scientist screaming in pain, which quickly made her run upstairs worriedly. \"Flint!\" She called out, running through the pink tunnel and reaching the inside of the lab. There he saw him sitting on his rooking chair holding his arm with a rag, not using his lab coat, she noticed the piece of cloth stained with a crimson liquid that was easily identified as blood, she let out a panicked squeal as she got closer to him, getting stopped by him, \"Hey, morning Alice...\" He said with a smile, not looking actually concerned at all yet seeming like it did hurt, \"How are you?\" \"W-what happened?\" She asked rushed, \"You're bleeding!\" He felt so guilty for worrying her like that. \"It's alright Alice, it was just a cut though.\" Nothing he couldn't handle; the girl seemed genuinely and really worried, which kept making him feel guilty, \"Can you help me to cover it? I may need some help...\" The girl nodded and quickly went for the first-aid kit in the bathroom of the lab, to then come back with bandages and gauze, this time he wasn't surprised anymore that she actually knew how to treat his wound, he didn't give her any indications about how to treat it, at least the wound wasn't deep, but as it got a muscle the bleeding was more than usual, there a couple of minutes later it was completely covered and secured... \"Are you okay...?\" She asked sounding slightly anxious, as if he just completely scared the hell out of her, receiving a nod as an answer, she proceeded to hug him tight as a scared child. Alice felt his hand caressing the back of her head softly, making her calm down as her hug tightened like she didn't want to let go. \"I am, Alice, don't worry that much...\" He said with a smile, \"It was just an accident though...\" She looked at him straight to his eyes wanting an explanation, \"It's nothing, just got distracted a bit, that's all.\" He held a piece of glass stained with blood and tossed it to a side, to then make it fall in a trash can. Nailed it. \"Are you sure...?\" Still he felt guilty for worrying her like that a lot, seeing that she actually cared a lot for him to not be concerned, she didn't let him go yet, just hugging tight as he kept caressing the back of her head. His hand drifted to the middle of her back, rubbing it softly, then it went down until he felt part of her skin exposed. A sudden feeling of her slipping down made him quickly press the arm near the base of her back and pull her up, which made her cuddle in a ball upon his lap like seeking for comfort and protection as he managed to find a comfortable position upon his chair... It was curious how she still could get his soft spot that easily, probably because she couldn't stop looking so shy and fearful about pretty much everything... and as much he could actually see, there's been a large progress between them, with her being a bit more open to him in terms of affection, from being completely shy and talk just when she had to, to show her affection a bit more than before... Probably it was a constant struggle on open up to him and remain retreated in herself, wanting hard to befriend him properly at the same time she wanted to keep her stuff for herself and not share a possible heavy load with anyone... in any case, he liked to make her feel safe... And there they remained for at least ten minutes before they had to move again, with him caressing her back which apparently was something that was making her feel comfortable with the contact they were having, at the point that she looked like a toddler seeking for some affection from someone, it was adorable, he would take a picture of her like that if he could... there she moved, sitting on his lap seeming red for what she just did, which took out a giggle from him for it. Indeed he found it oddly adorable, \"I already told you, I'm alright.\" She smiled a bit. \"I'm glad you are...\" She said jumping down his lap, \"I just got scared when I heard you screaming...\" He gave her a patient smile in response, \"So I came up here and...\" \"I understand...\" He said, caressing her hair again, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you...\" \"It's alright... don't worry...\" He chuckled a bit, then asked if she wanted to do something, \"Actually... I wanna take a walk again...\" She said, \"But I wanna go alone...\" He first seemed surprised, \"I'll be alright, don't worry. I can take care of myself too...\" In her mind was just the fact that she didn't want him to expose himself against those bullies again, she preferred him to stay in the lab and do whatever he got to do instead of seeing them about to punch him. \"It'll be alright, I promise...\" There was concern reflected on the inventor's bright blue eyes, seeming reluctant to let her go alone, although, there wasn't really anything to fear about out there now the mayor was still in the States. As much as he knew, he'd be away for another week at least so they had nothing to fear at all in the meantime, and he didn't think that Brent and his peers would be that stupid to harm a young girl even if she whacked them with a fishing rod. He didn't give her an instant reply about it, thinking about other things... maybe she could find kids of her age to play with... there was a sigh, then an \"Alright\" as a response, she gave him a smile and a tight hug in return. One condition: if there were any problems with someone (mostly referring to the bullies), she had to run away back home or hide, or both if it was possible. She nodded in agreement when she realized the concern of the inventor growing, knowing that what happened the day before had something to do there; she then, gave him a tight hug to calm him down and let him know that everything would be alright, taking out a wider smile from him... . A while later... Somewhere else in the town in a front yard, we can see Cal Devereaux (also known as Earl's little angel as he uses to refer him) with a good friend of him, a girl of around his age with light brown hair, hazel eyes, slightly chubby wearing a blue shirt, shorts and slippers. It seemed like they were going to do something... mischievous... why to say that? A golf stick, with their respective balls. \"Are you sure about this, Calvin?\" The girl asked confused, \"I mean, we might get into trouble you know...\" \"Calm down, Cassie,\" He said placing a ball on the grass, \"It'll be okay.\" If there's not a broken glass in the process of course. The girl now identified as Cassie seemed unsure about it, not a bit but a complete lot. It didn't matter that his father was the cop of the town, right now anything could just mean troubles, and no, they weren't playing just mini-golf or something – at least with her knowing her friend, it wasn't just a regular mini-golf play, not coming from Cal at least... the kid got ready to hit the ball, preparing a soft swing towards a plastic cup. He got ready once... two... \"Ball!\" He shouted as he did a powerful swing that sent the ball flying away. It first hit the fence, a wall, a garden gnome, the mailbox, almost getting them twice, traveling then in the gutter of the house and falling into the tube to then fly away... \" Ouch! \" they heard near there, making them flinch a bit as the boy got a glance from his friend, shrugging nervously and going to check on what did the ball hit... to then stumble upon a new face in the town after so long... Alice was holding the ball as she rubbed her head with her fingertips... probably Earl's 'little angel' just started to feel a tiny little crush on her as she looked quite pretty... \"Hello!\" Cassie said to Alice, \"You must be new at the island. I'm Cassie, and you?\" She looked at them a bit confused, then shyly, smiling a bit as she rubbed the back of her head, \"I'm Alice... nice to meet you too, Cassie...\" She passed her hand to the hazel-eyed girl, who was too around her age and took it with a smile. \"I'm Cal Devereaux, nice to meet you too Alice.\" He said confidently and playing it cool, passing out his hand to her too, she shyly took it too with a small smile. \"Nice to meet you too... I met your father yesterday...\" She said, he looked surprised that she did already and even seemed to be looking for a positive commentary... she found Earl quite... uh... well she didn't like him that much because of what he said about Flint of being a huge weirdo and how she should stay away from him, but she couldn't say a thing out loud either. Contrary about meeting some of the adults of the town, she felt slightly more confident with them. \"Now I think about it...\" The boy said, \"Aren't you the girl staying with the Lockwood family?\" He asked curious, she blushed a bit and stepped back a bit in surprise, \"Then you are! My dad told me that you were found in the ocean and they took you to their home. He even went to visit you later that day,\" No one actually told that, \"But Flint stopped him from bothering you,\" She smiled a bit with it, \"Isn't he a weirdo?\" Her smile vanished to an angry glare, \"He's not a weirdo!\" She exclaimed angrily, clenching her fists tight, \"He's actually one of the nicest persons I've met in my life...\" Added in a low voice caressing her arm a bit, yet she meant every single word she said because it was true. He was a really nice person and she cared much more than she thought about him. In that moment she thought that probably her relation with Flint would bring her some sort of problems with the others as he was the outcast of the town, which in her honest opinion enraged her pretty much a lot, but just didn't show it in order to keep herself calmed down, but have all of the hostility of the people looking at them and mostly at him in a strange way, like expecting already one of his inventions that could still destroy the island by accident was something that didn't pass up her head in any single moment the day before. And again she felt dumb for having asked him to not get attached to her while she already did the same for him. Of course she should've expected a few days to pass before deciding to ask him that, but she didn't want to tell him to forget that either because there were so many things she was unable to explain him... in any case... she sighed deeply and bit her cheeks when she realized their curious stare on her, like wanting an explanation in her words or something. \"I told this kid over here that Flint Lockwood was just eccentric,\" Cassie said with a smile, \"I did have a couple of interactions with him, and he seems to be a nice person.\" A smile curved again on Alice's face when she finally heard somebody not talking trash about him, \"I'd like to ask him for some help with science but I'm unsure about asking...\" \"I'm sure he'd like to give you some help...\" Alice said still smiling a bit, with her shyness slowly drifting away, \"I don't think he'd mind to take a pause and explain something related to what he likes to someone...\" In her thoughts were also the idea of him being a science teacher and anything related if he wasn't inventing all the time, which seemed accurate his whole self, \"He even taught me some glassmaking a couple of days ago...\" Which she also used to give him a crystal heart... thinking about it she didn't know why she did it, but probably it was to repair his kindness. The hazel-eyed girl grinned when she heard that and looked to her friend once again, who just rolled eyes like saying 'whatever' even if he seemed slightly interested now, with her looking curious to know more and making the Latin-American girl step back a bit showing again her shyness, she just smiled and told her a couple of things from the last day, not talking about Brent and his peers about to beat the hell out of him or do any harm, preferring to avoid think in that affair again or else she'd just like to whack them again with an iron stick at least. Then she passed them their golf ball, Cal apologized her for hitting her head with it, \"Hey, don't you want to play golf with us?\" He asked. \"In fact is mini golf...\" Cassie said, \"Someone just likes to hit the ball way too hard!\" She received a nervous grin mixed with an 'angel face' from her friend, making her roll eyes and making their new friend giggle a bit, \"Anyway, are you coming?\" There was silence for a moment, as if she was thinking her answer wisely, then smiled a bit to them and nodded. On the bright side they haven't asked her how she ended up somewhere in the ocean out of sudden, something she didn't want to explain to anyone... then Cal stopped, he seemed to be thinking on something or that's what they thought, they looked at him for a while... then... Achoo! Well... highly unimpressive... quite expected probably. In any case the girls of the new small group gave a giggle to it, receiving a smile from part of the boy and go back to Cassie's front yard. They asked Alice if she ever played mini-golf, receiving a negative answer but saying that she saw people playing it so... it couldn't be hard, right? Well she didn't have to swing that hard (or else she'd end up hitting somebody else on the head), just enough to make the ball move towards the cup. First of all she gave a glance to the stick, looking every single thing of it... \"This isn't even for a mini-golf game, you know?\" She said, \"This one is for a long shot, if you're not careful enough you may break something fragile after hitting the ball, and...\" She then got ready to hit from her right, the stick was one for an adult so, it wouldn't be a surprise if any of them ended up blaming it for a mistake, she got ready to make a swing, but didn't hit the ball at all. \"Who's left-handed here?\" \"I told to Calvin all of what you said, and my dad is left-handed.\" Cassie said, one second, two seconds, \"Wait, you said you never played golf...\" \"I haven't...\" She said, \"I just have a good eye for some things though...\" They looked at her for a moment, then smiled. \"No wonder why you two are friends now.\" The hazel-eyed girl said with a giggle that made Alice blush a bit more and clear her throat, taking out another giggle from the couple of friends, \"We're just teasing you, don't worry.\" Sometimes she felt out of tune whenever came up with human interaction, most part of the time she could interact, but sometimes she felt quite lost whenever it came to some things like a friendly teasing, it didn't make a lot of difference from a real tease in her opinion asides of the friendly-like tone... she got... unused to some things... clearing her throat she got to her left side getting ready to hit the ball, maybe she wasn't left-handed... One... Two... Three... *crack!* \"That wasn't me...\" Alice said, with the stick right about to hit the ball, looking to the other two to know what was that, \"Guys...?\" The sound came from somewhere near, a couple of houses away in fact, they went to see what happened and saw a broken window and a group of kids coming with baseball stuff. That made sense... and at the same time it also scared her a bit because of the sound. The group of three people met the other group of (around) seven kids, then looked to the broken glass... it was the classic creepy old house from those series with the creepy old neighbor, the only thing was that... \"Uh oh...\" One of the kids from the larger group said concerned, \"That's the McHale house...\" Curiously enough, even if there was a sunny ambient with the white fluffy clouds still riding the sky, when they all looked again to the house, the sky was black and a lightning crossed among the clouds in a very, very dramatic way causing to most part of them shiver down and take a step back... minus Alice, who was the one who was looking with curiosity in her eyes. There they realized she was the new girl hanging out with the oddball of the town, but this time she didn't actually mind their words, just concentrated in the old creepy house... it seemed that actually no one placed a foot there in years... There was a disturbing aura coming from there as much as her senses were telling her, as if something horrible happened there years ago, why she could tell that? It was like a sixth sense she had... she looked then to the group of children around her and saw them mumbling stuff about the house, who could get into there without being a wuss and some others just saying that they already lost the ball there... she actually wanted to ask, but when she opened her mouth no words came out like feeling unsure to ask... Paying more attention to her surroundings, her ears started to catch some fragments of their different conversations, hearing stuff like 'there's not such a thing as ghosts', slightly arguing about who had enough courage to get there and gather the ball which of course no one had... there she felt the gazes of pretty much everyone upon her, something she tried to pass up as if she didn't realize their intentions... for some reason she didn't actually feel surprised for what the decision of some kids was: the new girl in the town had to get there... gladly enough, she wasn't the only one who didn't notice that. Cassie immediately defended her from the larger group saying that if they wanted to get their ball back one of them should get in instead of sending her, it was their fault they got their toy lost and it wasn't fair to involve the new girl into their stupidity as if she got something to do there. At the same time she understood that it could just be a tradition where the new kid uses to do the stuff that the others doesn't wants to and didn't really mind that, \"I was going to do it anyways...\" She said, receiving a curious glance from the two friends whose names started with C. \"What? No! You don't have to do it!\" Cal said and looked to the other group, \"They should do it themselves!\" She smiled a bit to them, like saying that there wasn't a problem on accepting their petition to add a bigger surprise to all of them... funny how a girl had more courage than any of the group of kids, or maybe she was being foolish. Even if she ignored what could've happened in there or what could be wrong, surely her curiosity already got her deep enough to take a decision. \"It's alright, you can wait for me here if you want...\" There wasn't any problem, \"I've been through worse anyways...\" She groaned a bit when she said that, squinting slightly and then smile at bit. It was alright anyways, she really didn't mind to get into a quick adventure into an abandoned old creepy house. One of the kids gave her the baseball bat just in case, thing she grabbed and placed the body against her shoulder feeling ready to go, her two new friends looked to each other twice and shouted a \"Wait!\" to stop her, making her turn around curious towards them, there was a silence for a couple of seconds until Cassie, under the shocked expression of her friend said \"We're going with you!\" \"Hell no!\" Devereaux shouted, \"There's no way I'm going in with you two!\" . \"Why am I even here...?\" They waited around an hour to get their way into the abandoned/haunted/mysterious house/whatever it was and get themselves ready for whatever could happen there, with Alice armed with the baseball bat, Cassie with a golf stick (not a large one but a kids' one and also a cross under her shirt) and Calvin with a cricket bat (as his father was 100% fitness and incredibly right-handed for sports so he had pretty much a lot of stuff storage in the attic) and a backpack to carry some important objects like a few lanterns. It wouldn't be hard to get in unnoticed, they spotted an entrance from an emergency exit located on the backyard that leads to the basement secured with chains and a big, old rusty lock. There were two options: find a hammer or something heavy enough to break it, or try to force it with a wire which seemed safer, it wouldn't leave notorious traces of someone breaking in so they'd go for the best. Again for their surprise (and what could probably be for the dismay of Flint), she managed to open the lock with a wire in a few seconds, then retired the chains slowly to not bring other people's attention, placing it down among the tall grass. \"Hey, I'm being serious...\" Alice said, \"You don't have to come with me...\" Perfect excuse for the boy in the group to leave them, turning around about to leave, only to get turned back towards Alice by the hazel-eyed girl he had as friend, \"Don't you always say that you would like to have an interesting adventure, Calvin?\" She asked curious with a smile, not receiving any sort of response from her friend asides of rolling eyes. \"I do, but I didn't have this in mind...\" He admitted, \"I'm curious to know what's inside though, I just don't want my dad to get angry at me...\" In any way, Earl getting actually angry at him would be like see a shooting star, a rare, very rare case, they didn't actually think he would get angry for more than two or three minutes, \"Do you think the lines are still there? Or the stains?\" The question made her shiver down a bit of too much, causing her to get goose bumps, \"Are you scared?\" And their new friend just stared at them as they had a slight argument about what could probably be found inside, awaiting for them to stop and take a decision before she decided to get in by herself and leave them outside to wait or something, for her there was actually not a lot of difference anyways... it felt like the same, with the difference being just someone to talk with. Slowly she just opened the heavy wooden trap door making a soft creaking noise that reached out the attention of the other two friends making them snap and focus on their \"mission\" (which was a complete stupidity, but at the same time there wasn't any more options due the conditions of the town and stuff) of recovering the stupid toy. Looking into the stairs, it was covered with dust as the sides were full of white spiderwebs, evidencing the lack of human activity in the house, taking out the lanterns they got ready to get in, with Alice at the front, Cassie in the middle and Cal at the end trying to avoid as much as possible the webs all over the way down. Once they all got in, they closed the door to the basement to not drag too much attention, turning on their lanterns as the way down felt creepier without lights, without sounds, possibly with rats living among the abandoned stuff there... they kept themselves as close as possible from their new friend. The place indeed seemed to not had been used for nearly a decade or even more, needing a good hand of cleaning (and the assistance of a vacuum cleaner of course). The basement was full of old, rusty and dusty stuff that probably also belonged to an previous family (someone never knows); there were a few metallic (and also rusty like pretty much every thing down there) shelves with moldy boxes. Some seemed to have a better shape, others well, others didn't have the same luck. The humidity in the air was heavy, showing up that the place didn't get open for a similar amount of time of the closed house or even longer. Their lights were darting to every corner of the place, hoping to not have bats down there because they were quite scary, and their backs against each other in a triangle-like formation so they wouldn't get too surprised if anything comes out of nowhere to scare the heck out of them and make them leave. Interesting place? Yes? Scary? Hell yes, at least they were alone between the three so, what could possibly go wrong down there? *squeak!* The hazel-eyed girl and her friend directed their lanterns towards the source of the squeaky noise that belonged to a rat that managed to hide around as fast as the rodent made its noise, seeming so nervous for whatever could be roaming around... pff, as if a monster would be hiding down there... in any case... \"This place is so quiet and scary...\" Admitted Cal, keeping his back as close as possible from the other two girls. \"Don't even remind us that, please...\" His good old friend said, holding on her golf stick tight in one hand, \"The only thing we should get across with is with a ghost...\" The sound of steps there upstairs made the couple yelp and hug a not-even-close-to-look-scared Alice, who just stopped and looked at them with a curious glare, \"How can't you be afraid down here?!\" The two friends asked to her surprised for the glance they were having, she just shrugged in response with a serene face that just got them intrigued, \"Why...?\" They asked again at the same time. \"I don't feel like it...\" She said plainly, with an unsettling calm coming from someone who sounded quite mature-ish (?) than them as if she already dealt with that kind of situations in the past, as if she already was in an abandoned building before and alone, \"There's nothing wrong with feel fear either, I just think that it's quite pointless to feel it in an empty place like this...\" Well, they were more unsettled because of the heavy ambient around the abandoned house, still the sentence of their new friend was quite deep, \"Although, it feels so heavy here... or is it just me...?\" They agreed with her. The sound of footsteps upstairs made the three of them stop and freeze in their place, as much as the two young citizens of the town knew, no one lives in that house and they didn't really know why in their honest opinions... now it felt terrifying for real, but at the same time Alice remained serene to the noises even if they got her by surprise too; just looking up to the ceiling with curiosity. \"Holy Christ this place is haunted!\" Cassie said. \"Do you really think that ghosts are real?\" Cal asked to her, \"It could've been a rat too.\" \"A rat isn't big enough to make the sound of human footsteps,\" Alice said quietly, \"There's probably somebody else in here...\" However, she didn't feel like that was the case, the only reason to say it was to calm them down at least a bit, or as much as possible... pretty much enough to not get her nerves or something at least. Silently they kept their way back upstairs, going up the stone-like stairs (good thing to not hear the creaky and unsettling noise of those old wooden stairs that could get broken in any moment because of the mold and humidity) until reached a slightly open door that took them to a hallway from where the daylight was filtering. Once there they became more careful to not drag anybody's attention of whoever could be roaming the old house; the newest of the group took a peek outside and check that there were no moors on the coast... everything seemed less creepier than before, yet, still unsettling. The door made a creaky noise when she pushed it, needing a good hand of oil in its hinges, to then pass to the hallway... the walls were painted in a faded marmalade color that now were covered either with mold, or had humidity around, or were down on the floor, which was also covered with dust and completely neglected. In her honest opinion, the house was quite similar to Flint's but adding the basement entrance to it (although, it wouldn't be a bad idea ask if they had one though... or maybe they didn't, otherwise the inventor would be using it as his laboratory as much her logic could tell). On the bright side there was a bit more of light in there than downstairs, the windows were closed yet some broken at points, letting the air flow around the house taking away a lot of the heavy sensation of claustrophobia down in the basement. As much Alice could tell, the kids from before weren't the only ones who lost their toys there, and possibly they were the only ones with enough courage (or probably stupidity) to retrieve their stuff... then on the other hand, the ambient still felt unsettling, as if there was something wrong, but she felt unable to tell what could it actually be... \"Well, the ball is supposed to be in the living room,\" The boy of the group said, \"So we should be heading there now.\" But, curiosity was there too, and at least the new girl was the one who wanted to explore a bit even if she knew that wandering was a terrible sin (1), even more in an abandoned house. She couldn't help it that much to be honest, it was better to cope with them instead of leaving them alone; at the same time there was a chance that they would just follow her around as she was the only among them who didn't seem scared at all... without saying a word they walked to where the living room was, feeling the ambient becoming heavier again. Weird, was the one word that crossed Alice's mind for a moment, there, it felt like the temperature dropped a few Fahrenheit even if there was an air flow around, letting the warm air of the outside get in... \"This place is still unsettling...\" The hazel-eyed girl said, \"I mean... it feels like we're not alone at all...\" \"Are you thinking that ghosts are real again?\" Her friend asked, \"That's not possible...\" The sound of steps around made them freeze and hug Alice once again, raising up their guard and looking to every single corner where they were coming from... It became silent again... Both Cassie and Cal remained close to Alice, looking to every single part of the house scared as she started to move again, this time she looked a bit tense, but not as much as they were in that moment, being able to handle her nerves from whatever the hell was happening. It could actually be a good scene for Paranormal Activity but with three kids roaming in an abandoned house because of a lost toy that wasn't even theirs. They wanted to take a peek in the rooms so they would see if they would be able to say who used to live there and if they knew them or not... and somehow they managed to hold on their curiosity to focus. Then in the living room things felt more unsettling for some reason... as if there was something... completely wrong... This time they split as they were already there, searching for the ball, the hazel-eyed girl went to the window where the baseball ball got through, and it was nowhere to be seen. Maybe it rolled under the couches... but there wasn't a trail, right? \"Uh, guys...?\" They heard Cal say looking to certain spot in a corner next to the chimney, looking pale... \"I-I th-think you should s-see this...\" His friends attended there... On the floor there was white tape showing that it was a crime scene, the floor and the wall up to it was stained in a faded red showing that it was blood, and that wasn't the only spot as next to it there was another spot marked... \"Murder...\" Alice mumbled, \"Of course...\" Thinking on what Flint told her about the death of his mother, of course not everything was quiet around the island... probably there were more secrets around, some that shouldn't actually see the light. \"Does this means we're in a haunted house?!\" The other girl exclaimed afraid as hell, with the boy of the group hushing her, \"Don't hush at me Calvin!\" She said nervously, \"We're in a haunted house!\" \"There's nothing that can actually assure us that this place is haunted,\" Alice said, \"The permanence of a spirit depends on how bad and long their agony was. Not everyone remains, stays because of some unfinished business, others because they don't wanna go to the Afterlife...\" \"How do you know about this?\" They both asked. \"I'm just a curious eye at some topics...\" She gave a smile to them to calm them down at least a little bit, \"Well, let's find the ball and get outta here before we get into more t–\" Her new friends raised up an eyebrow as she suddenly became completely tense, with the hairs of her body (including her hair) raised up like a threatened animal against its predator, passing her hands on her arms to calm down, to then turn around to the entrance of the hallway nervous. \"Alice...?\" They asked, \"Are you–?\" The two of them froze when they heard steps around the living room, it wasn't just of one person but of two... Surely, the victims of the murder didn't leave, and they were around now. In fact their step stopped in the same place, as if the two spirits were now together again; Alice had her eyes wide open and her view towards the spot in front of the chimney, realizing in that moment how close they actually were... none of them could move, feeling the temperature dropped again and their bodies frozen, but none of them knew if it was because of the cold or because the fear they were feeling. How creepier could it become? \"W-we're sorry!\" Their new friend exclaimed and bowed down, \"We didn't mean to get here like this... we're just looking for our baseball ball...\" There she got straight again, seeming nervous, panting slightly like trying to keep herself together, \"Yes, I can hear you... but I can't see you...\" Okay, they weren't sure if she was already trying to play an obnoxious prank on them or if it was true because they couldn't hear anyone talking. She was still with most part of all the hairs of her body up, but apparently less tense, like listening closely to whatever was speaking; then she looked to Cal, \"He's Earl's son... you know him?\" She asked, then said \"Oh...\" \"What?\" He asked. \"She said she was a good friend of your mother, even if they didn't know for that long...\" There she seemed to listen again, \"And that she'd like to see her again someday...\" Again she seemed to listen to them, \"Fran Lockwood? I-I don't know her personally but... she... passed a years ago...\" There was silence for a moment, \"Her son is a friend of mine... he saved my life a few days ago... he's really nice...\" Her new friends were silently freaking the hell out, unable to understand properly what the heck was actually happening and if it was really just a prank or if she was being serious, \"Oh... I understand... it must be sad for you to be here all by your own...\" There was a sad smile on her face for it, lowering her head a bit as a sign of empathy, her two friends were very curious though about what were they talking even if it could be a prank. \"Uh... I'll see what I can do... you're the nicest ghosts I've met until now... I wouldn't have any problems to come back honestly...\" Okay that actually sounded like a complete joke. No one in their minds would ever come back to a haunted place! The thing that completely got them out of their minds again was to hear the steps again and see the baseball bat floating towards them. That was already insane at the point they could blame the heavy ambient inside for causing them hallucinations; the ball floated towards their friend's extended hand and landed upon it, as if someone was giving it directly to her – which was the actual case even if crazy as hell the situation was. There they noticed that her hair was becoming messy, as if someone was ruffling her head; their friend then said goodbye to them and said that they were going to get out through the basement again as she didn't want them to get into some sort of troubles with Earl, they heard footsteps again, going to different sides of the house to not be heard again after... Everything still felt way too surreal to be true... . Later that day... The hours passed and Flint was way too concerned about Alice, despite the fact he was sure she would be able to handle herself alone he couldn't stop caring about her safety, and he haven't got any news about her in the whole day either... was she in troubles and no one was whiling to tell him the truth? Surely enough if something already happened he would've gotten a call hours ago, he knew Earl, he would notify anything to them in the right moment if it was something important related to them so... There he heard his elevator going up, he ran to the pink tunnel to receive her, and once she got out there, he couldn't help but give her a tight hug. \"Oh my God Alice!\" He exclaimed, \"I thought something happened to you...\" \"I'm good Flint... I've made some friends...\" She said returning the hug to her, smiling a bit to him and walk into the lab. The smell of coffee was filling the air, which meant he was making some, \"How's been your day?\" \"It's been fine, I've been still busy with the broken stuff...\" It was still a long and tedious process, so he couldn't help it but have a ton of patience to get everything settled back, \"What were you doing?\" He asked, taking a cup from his desktop full of hot black coffee, \"Want some?\" She shook her head in response, \"No, I don't actually like coffee...\" \"Oh... alright then...\" He sat on his rooking chair ready to get some stuff done at his computer, to then look at her again curious, \"Who did you meet today?\" He asked her with a wide smile, she then told him what they did around but not mentioning the affair of the haunted house; her friend seemed like a proud older brother to his younger sibling, listening to her story. \"Well at least you befriended them, and being my friend wasn't an impediment...\" She could feel the bittersweetness in his voice, aware of why he said that... It really hurt her inside... \"Hey... it's alright Flint...\" She said, \"You're a nice person... and I really like you for it...\" He looked at her like trying to believe it, she gave him a patient smile, looking straight to his eyes to prove she was saying the truth. He scratched his nose and sniffed a bit, to then look away from her apparently happy or something like that, to then feel her giving him a tight hug that he returned affectionately. \" Don't get too... attached to me... because I'll only make you suffer...\" It was too late, and the memory of the request made him hug her tighter, pulling her close to him not wanting to let go... how come she got his heart that easily honestly? It felt quite surreal, but maybe because she was quite different from the others? Hard to tell, maybe was her shyness, her loyalty as she haven't ran away after having being told about the things he does and because she defended him from the bullies... it was just hard to tell... it was just that small part of his heart that felt like needing something to love maybe... whatever it was, it was hard to tell. She didn't complain nor anything for his sudden move, but get a more comfortable position and cuddle against his chest, allowing him to place his chin upon her head and hug more, feeling once again like an older brother protecting his younger sibling; it just felt so nice actually, he couldn't think on anything else asides the fact of feeling loved after so long... and the warmth in his heart was unexplained, only knowing that probably that was the same feeling his mother used to have for him when she was alive, a feeling he was having for her now, a small yet mysterious girl who was being way too sweet in his opinion. Ah... so many feelings... \"Heh... you asked me to not get attached to you... but you seem to have become attached to me...\" He said with a small smile, still leaning his chin upon her head, \"Why...? Why did you ask me that...?\" There was silence for a moment, as if she was thinking for an answer... \"You know...? Forget what I said...\" She said, hiding her face against his chest, \"I wasn't thinking properly there...\" She was afraid of him, that was for sure, \"I... I promise I'll talk to you... but not today... just give me time...\" There was a brief pause, \"It's not like I don't trust you yet... just give me my time... I don't feel ready to tell you some things... I'll tell you anything you want soon...\" He felt her hiding more on his chest as if shame was taking over, or probably was still fear for whatever she had to tell, \"Just not today...\" \"I understand...\" He said. There was something else he's been thinking to tell her but he's been reluctant to it... it was something he never told anyone for such a long time, something he'd like to share with someone because no one else knew what happened... \"I understand...\" Sighing deeply she moved again, kissing her forehead a bit again making her blush, yet taking out a smile from her. \"Flint... can I ask you something?\" She received a nod from him, \"Well, uh... I've seen this... abandoned house when I was playing today...\" She wasn't going to say that she got into there and met the former owners of the house, \"And I wanted to know if you know who used to live there...\" There was a silence for a moment, as if he seemed unsure to tell her; a glance straight to his eyes to make him say the truth was enough to take out a sigh from him, close his eyes for a moment and get his mind straight... then bit his cheeks a bit with a serious stare, as if the topic was quite delicate for a young mind like her. Hesitation for another moment, until he finally spoke: \"Well it happened uh... around eight years ago, some time before the fire at the factory that killed my mom... they were killed one night and nobody realized that until a few days ago...\" His voice seemed to tremble slightly with the story, tapping his fingers upon his thighs like trying to find a way to continue and explain better, \"I-I mean it's because gunshots kinda sounds like when a plastic container explodes inside a microwave... I heard the gunshots from the kitchen... I-I even told mom about that... I heard them... and well she was... convinced that it was just plastic...\" But he wasn't convinced at all about that. Things were just completely bizarre back in second grade when he was already nine, with Brent having arrived near him at lunch sitting next to him; of course the young inventor back then was expecting a tease or something, even the kids around turned towards them to see what was going to happen at the point time seemed to have frozen because a heavy silence fell in the cafeteria... Nothing happened. He just took his lunchbox and placed it on the table and opened it, there was a lone sardine sandwich there, which was usually accompanied by a red bright apple, there he looked at him and into his lunchbox to the same sandwich, to then just say, \"Be careful out there, Flint...\" with trembling lips and voice and leave the place with a tear rolling down his face. Then at the end of the day he just saw him dragging his backpack and leaving the school alone, which was weird because his parents always used to pick him up... There she understood... \"They were...\" \"James and Lucy McHale... they were Brent's parents once upon a time...\" He said with a now dry voice, \"A few days later my mom went to see them. They've known each other since childhood and were all close friends, she was quite worried as she haven't heard anything for a long while, so she went to see them and have some tea... \"She said when she arrived everything was dead silent, everything felt so cold and the front door was open... getting in expecting to find them, she found her lifetime friends on the floor, and the furniture was covered in blood...\" Stains that remained right where were left, \"And besides them there was even a note saying when it happened. It was the same night of the loud noises...\" Woah... no wonder why neither Cassie nor Cal nor any of the others knew about it, asides of think it as just an old, creepy abandoned house. Indeed there was something that come up to her mind with it: it wasn't just probably the problems happening nowdays at the small town there, but something muddy was going on under everything. \"There's something else under the crime...\" She mumbled quietly, \"If they left a note, it was for a reason...\" \"I have a theory but I don't have solid proofs...\" He said, \"I think the mayor sent an assassin back then and killed them... I wouldn't be surprised if he did. The McHales were kind people even if they had a lot of money because they had part of the royalties of the cannery, they always used to make a lot of contributions to the town and keep places like the local school full of the necessary elements to keep on with a good grade of education here...\" There was a pause, \"Shelbourne's always been greedy and amazingly obscure when it comes to get something he wants, he won't repair on the damage done to anyone even if that means to get ridden of them. He won't hesitate to kill anyone if they disobey...\" The fact that he took a deep breath as he seemed to flinch by raising up his back and driving his hand to his mouth meant that he actually knew that first-handed, with his eyes filling with tears and his face growing red like a tomato, Alice quickly gave him a hug trying to comfort him as much as she could, being hugged back again by the young inventor, who tried to keep her as close from to his body as possible in order to calm down... \"It's alright Flint...\" She said, \"He will get what he deserves in the end...\" At least she believed in a Divine Justice, also known as Karma, someday all the damage done would go back like a boomerang, not in the exact same way of course, but in a way he would regret for everything he did in his life probably. Just like early that day they remained cuddled for a good while until they decided to break away, he cleaned his face with the sleeve of his coat, to then go to wash it at the bathroom, coming back a couple of minutes later seeming to be better; receiving a smile from her and a question about his arm. \"Oh, it's alright,\" He said, \"It kinda itches but it's alright.\" There he received another hug from her, \"Have you got something to eat yet? I can make you something to eat if there's anything at the fridge.\" \"It's alright Flint... I can do it myself...\" She said with a smile, \"I'll be right back.\" Then she headed to the elevator and got down. The inventor for a moment remained silent, to then decide to spy on her by using the camera of the porta-potty; he saw her walking to the house, but stopped when he saw Cal popping up the fence calling out her name, she smiled at him and used some of the metallic junk to get at his height. \"Hey Al!\" He said in a friendly manner, making the inventor smile, \"Can I make you one question? Did you...? You know... hear... uh... voices in there...?\" The question made him raise an eyebrow, \"It just... felt so... weird...\" \"I did...\" She replied, biting her cheeks a bit, \"It were a couple, a man and a woman... she had a slightly obnoxious voice though, like you know, those people who talks with their nose, but she didn't sound hostile at all... the other was a man... I asked Flint if he knew who lived there, he said it was Brent's family... they sounded... very lonely...\" She seemed nervous from releasing the information, the inventor was far more surprised now, realizing she omitted some information. \"I saw you getting all nervous out of sudden in there, when we heard the footsteps closer...\" \"It's because I heard the woman say...: \"Look love, we have some company...\" when they came in...\" She said, her friends were listening closely, \"Of course when they moved you could hear that too, they realized we could and got closer to us, that's when I apologized for breaking in without invitation...\"\"It's because I heard the woman say...: \"Look love, we have some company...\" when they came in...\" She said, her friends were listening closely, \"Of course when they moved you could hear that too, they realized we could and got closer to us, that's when I apologized for breaking in without invitation...\" \" Wait... can you hear us...?\" The man asked, \"I replied that I could... but that I couldn't see them...\" Alice said, \"Who's the boy with you? Isn't he Regina's child?\" Once again the man asked, with the girl having given a positive response from her at the house. \" Oh my God... it's been a long time since we had contact with her... it's a shame we weren't that close when all of this happened...\" That was the woman, Lucy, speaking. \"They knew me...\" He said, \"They also knew my mom...\" Alice nodded, Flint was intrigued. \" Do you know Fran Lockwood?\" She reminded the woman asked again to her, with the inventor again surprised for what she could hear in case it was true, there is where Alice gave them the news about her departure years ago, some time after their deaths, to then add she knew her son, But you know her son, right? His name is Flint...\" In that moment the young inventor felt brand more curious, hearing also that she gave them a possitive answer and how he saved her life, \"We know, he's always been a sweet child... quite eccentric, imaginative, yet always kind...\" There then was a slight silence... \" It's been so long since we heard something about what's happening in the outside world...\" The man said with a sad tone, \"It's so lonely to be here alone by our own... it's been also a long time ago since somebody has come here...\" It was hard to not feel empathy for them in their honest opinion, even if they were ghosts, they didn't lose their humanity at all. \"I'm sorry for asking you this but... can you ever come back...? I know you probably wouldn't want to, but you're the only one who's been able to hear us since we died... and it'd be nice to have someone to talk with and... keep us updated with the outside world...\" \"That's why you told them that you'd see what you can do...\" Cal said starting to understand, \"Are you sure you'd like to go back there?\" He just received a smile in response, \"Wow, you're crazy...\" A chuckle was another response he got, \"Anyways, I'll see you tomorrow I guess. You're pretty cool honestly.\" The kids said goodbye to each other and got down the fence, with Flint seeing Alice walking into the house again... for a good while his curiosity went off, but now it came back stronger than before... in the first place, there wasn't a possible way in his opinion as a man of science for phantoms to be real, but he didn't actually know anymore... it wasn't a secret that she was aware of the muddy stuff going on in the town in an underground level... Turning off the screen he took a sip of his coffee, squinting sadly and worried... with the many things going on there was something that crossed his mind for a brief moment, he shook his head to wear those thoughts away... \"Everything's going to be alright...\" He mumbled with concern filling his voice and squinting his eyes still with a deep kind of concern, \"It won't happen again Lockwood...\" It shouldn't ever happen again... Because he wouldn't be able to handle it anymore. ( 1 ) : Sorry for the Bendy and the Ink Machine reference but I just felt like I had to do it. . Author's note : I'm fully aware that Halloween was like a month ago (whatever), but this wasn't a late-as-heck \"special\" nor anything even if it seemed to be meant to be spooky or something. There's just things going on too :)[Chapter 5] Author's Note : Another long as hell chapter sorry not sorry but needed to fit a lot of things here. Hopefully the next chapter won't be that long. This chapter may be slightly or a bit more darker than the others because I love angst (even if it'll become more angsty later). Also, as the last chapter of the year, I hope you all had a merry Christmas and have a happy New Year. . Reviews: Samontanon: I'm really glad you like the story! Also from this chapter things will escalate a bit of possibly too much so... it'll get way interesting maybe. . Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you? And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're ok? I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces Breakeven - The Script ... It was day three (or five, since he found her of course), contrary to the previous days there seemed to be a forecast of rain with some grey clouds passing around the sky, it was still unknown if it was an actual storm coming as the clouds were just coming. Probably it could be for the next few days, maybe earlier, even later that day... it was still necessary some farther researches from his part to make sure he wasn't reading the patterns of the climate in a wrong way. Accidents could happen anyways, even more if he wasn't focused enough (something he should've learned when inventing so many times in the past as well). Despite of being all busy with his own matters, he still wanted to go down and check on Alice and see if she was already awake; it wasn't that early, it was around 10 AM already, he didn't think she would be awake but at least to see if she was alright. The only reason he was actually awake was because he couldn't get so much sleep last night, there were too many things going on in his head once again and it was hard for him to concentrate properly, even less to fall back asleep after the first nightmare he had... In any case, it wasn't the first time he remained awake an entire night, there were days where he didn't get a single minute of sleep by being too busy with his ideas and how to develop them; once upon a time it reached that point where he couldn't keep himself awake to go to school once he fell asleep back in sixth grade, having became a problem for a good while and even having to get an adviser to regulate his sleeping schedule back; it was hard, yes, it took a while to get all of that fixed, right; yet of course that didn't mean he stopped doing so, only sometimes whenever he felt like he couldn't get his head away from overthinking even if he wanted so... And mostly, it happened whenever he felt stuck for some unknown/unconscious reason. Sighing deeply, trying to switch back to his common happy-go-luck behavior, lock all the things that uses to bother him into the back of his mind once again and go all the way back on trying to focus in his own ideas, he made himself a morning coffee as his usual breakfast (pretty much, like a certain modern version of the adventures of Sherlock Holmes portrayed by a Benedict with a Cumberbatch as surname giving endless puns to his name, no wonder why he was that skinny). Steve was sleeping in his box, having been eerily calm for the last 24 hours – not like he wanted him to destroy half of his lab once again, it was just... yes, weird, but better than having him breaking important stuff around even if he was his beloved partner in science. He sat down on his old, orange and trustful rooking chair, blowing to his coffee a bit to cool it down as if tea it was, then took a sip of it... He won't hesitate to kill anyone if they disobey... The sound of porcelain breaking against the floor woke the monkey up, scaring him because of the sudden loud noise. The cup of coffee was now shattered on the floor with the dark brown/black-ish liquid completely spilled on the floor as the inventor had his eyes wide open and his hands open in distress, shaking slightly as the tears started to drip out uncontrollably... some of what probably could be considered as his biggest fears were coming back in probably a harder form taking him with his guard as lower as possible, making him... anxious... \"No, no... no it won't happen again Lockwood...\" He said to himself, placing his hands upon his mouth once again as his heart raced against his chest faster, \"She will be okay... we will be alright... he won't do anything to us... we will be fine... it'll be alright...\" He took a very deep breath, whimpering in the process as he tried hard to calm down, \"It'll be alright...\" When was the actual last time he ever felt like that? It's been like a couple of years ago after she passed, right? Anxiety: a feeling of worry, nervousness or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome, also, a nervous disorder characterized by a state of excessive uneasiness and apprehension, typically with compulsive behavior or panic attacks. Normally his anxiety used to come out from his energetic behavior that needed to release its energy through his inventions by building machines or downloading his ideas at blueprints, computer and real life... And this time it was the second definition of the word. His only relief right now was to know that danger was away from the island for a few more days, bur time was becoming thinner and he would eventually come back; was he the only one who forgot about everything he's done during the last years? Sometimes he wondered that a lot, if they all forgot that the Devil was the mayor of the town... or probably he was the only one who actually remembered that... he wasn't sure about it to be honest, in part he was sure that the situation of the town was somehow his fault, not just for the defunction of the local economy but for being incompetent to find another sources of money, pretty much keeping it for himself. There wasn't anything to do against it now, right? Just bite his tongue and keep his thoughts for himself or pay (probably, very) hard the consequences of his acts. Think about what she told him the day before gave him a slight sign of hope: everyone gets what they deserve at the end, so... everything could go to better too, right? Perhaps not today, neither tomorrow nor the next month, but someday in the following years... Cleaning up his face with the sleeve of his coat, under the close gaze of his lab partner who still was in his box, he stood up to clean the mess and get himself another cup of coffee. Once done that and after also having washed his face to calm down, he just noticed Steve still looking at him, it wasn't the usual curious/playful stare, he seemed worried... \"Stressed.\" He only said as he intensely looked to his owner. \"It's fine Steve... it'll wear off soon anyways...\" It wasn't the first time either, it would wear off soon as much as he was sure about, \"We know it will...\" His voice cracked once again at the same time his breathing became heavier, he wasn't feeling right, he didn't know if he would though. It wasn't just an anxiety but a constant feeling of worry that didn't stop making him feel sick but something else, something heavy in his chest that was urging him to get out for once at all, related to all the things that she saw yesterday, related to the mayor and related, indirectly to him. His hand was back on his mouth as he felt his throat contracting and his stomach trying to pump up whatever was in its inside, he felt very stressed, much more than the usual... he then feel upon his knees trying to calm down, inhaling and exhaling deeply... \"I can't tell her...\" He mumbled, \"I can't tell her yet...\" His stomach then tugged, making him feel more sick. It was becoming worse, it never used to become that bad, in fact it was the first time in two years he's feeling like being eaten alive... his trembling body wouldn't be able to handle much longer and would end up giving in at the pressure he felt. Steve quickly got out his box and went downstairs like looking out for help, leaving the scientist alone... he couldn't avoid shrink into a ball and hug his legs like a scared child, he wasn't used to feel like that and it felt overwhelming, it made him feel so... petty... He made a royal effort to calm down, but it felt so pointless, it felt everything, so cold – even much colder than other times. As much as he's been trying to lock down some feelings, they were now coming back harder than he would ever want... and he wasn't even sure why, why he was feeling so... probably afraid would be the right word to it? Because the more he thought about everything, the more anxious he felt; it was a breakdown already... Perhaps the mere thought of ending up being alone once again was the thing that was keeping him like that, that's all he could think somehow under the pressure of his mind, he didn't want that little girl to leave him alone, and of course, as much as she retired her word about forgetting about her in case she had to leave and not get attached, sooner or later it'd happen, right? Her family was probably looking after her, she wouldn't be able to stay and he had to accept that... Besides, it wasn't the first time he was alone, right...? First his mother, then... \" Flint! \" A young voice called, \" What's wrong?! Please calm down! \" The darkness that was starting to surround him and his view started to fade away as he (barely) could see Alice checking on him in despair, her face discomposed into pure fear calling out his name; his body felt so numb and contracted at the point he didn't feel able to move a single muscle, instead of moving him from his place she quickly moved his limbs so she would be able to hug him as tight as her arms could. It took a long while, she was becoming more and more afraid of his condition until he finally hugged back in the same way she was doing it. Slowly he sat down, with the small girl crying uncontrollably against his chest due the obvious startle... \"I'm sorry for scaring you like this, Alice...\" He said, \"I promise that I didn't mean to do it...\" He couldn't cope with it this time, that was the problem. He couldn't cope with the idea of having to get used back to be alone (not entirely because he had Steve, but because of having a real friend having to part away). In part he blamed that to his moody teenager years though, all the hormonal changes going on and stuff were quite heavy, on the other hand that wasn't entirely the case even if probably had something to do there, \"I'm fine now...\" That was a royal lie he didn't know she would actually believe in, \"I just... have way too much in my head... it's not the first time...\" \"You don't have to deal with it alone...\" She said weakly against his chest, \"You have me to talk with...\" He sniffed calling out her attention more, \"Please...\" \"I don't want you to leave the island...\" He felt her surprise, \"It's... stupid... I know... but I don't actually want you to leave... I think about it and... it makes me feel... stressed... I don't want to be alone...\" There was much more he wanted to say, but his throat didn't let him say anything else either. \"A-and I'm sorry for s-scaring you like this again...\" He chuckled sadly, with his voice cracking up again, \"I'm just... a complete mess...\" He made her release him and look at his eyes; her face was very red for the tears, it made him feel bad once again as it felt like playing with her feelings unawarely. He sniffed hard trying to calm down, the small smile he gave to her turned into a grimace, but other than that, it was alright... instead of cleaning up his face he did it with her, wiping the tears away with his thumbs and then clean up his with his sleeves, then apologized once again for his sudden breakdown; and softly he kissed her forehead, to proceed to hug her once again but less stressed. Trying to get over that scene they went to wash their faces once again, with the inventor cleaning her face like his mom would, to then pass downstairs holding hands; it was cute indeed, how they looked like brother and sister and how he showed a more human side asides of his technical, science-freaky side. Once they were done with breakfast the young inventor told her that she could go to have some fun with her new friends which was taken with certain insecurity from her... \"Yes, I'm sure about it, Alicia.\" He said with a smile and using her name. \"I don't know...\" \"It'll be alright, I promise I'll be okay. Just stop worrying so much about me and have some fun with your new friends instead,\" She was surprised that he actually sounded very honest in his words, like more than being a way to distract her mind from his previous breakdown, he did want her to enjoy, \"You should enjoy your time with other people asides of me too...\" Bittersweetness was palpable again, she hated it. \"You're not a weirdo for me Flint...\" She said looking down a bit, \"You're just too nice for them...\" Agh! That feeling of melting came back with her sweetness, unable to do anything else but needing to give her a tight hug in response, taking out a giggle from her. Out of sudden everything felt better, and it felt that his relation with her has grown up a bit more than before... her shyness was probably to not get attached to him, that's all what pretty much he could tell, and at least she changed her mind about her previous petition; his scientific side still wanted to play some tests on her, though, he didn't want her to get mad either. Whatever she had to tell he had to wait for it, and as much as it made him go to straight despair because of his cat-like curiosity, he understood her point too. He had something to tell her too anyways... It was quite difficult until he managed to convince her to go out and play with the other kids as he did a day ago (even if she broke into an abandoned house and met their former owners), interact with the others... school days were pretty much reaching its end and they had a few day offs as there was nothing else to study about asides of just filling the last remaining days of the school calendar. The only reason he wasn't going to high school anymore was because he struggled a lot to get himself promoted to superior grades due his intelligence, being pretty pointless to keep on stuck in a same place with stuff that he already knew and having ended it just some time ago. Yes, it was hard to convince teachers to allow him a promotion due his age, he didn't really know how he managed to do it, but part of him thought it was just to get ridden of him. Maybe because he accidentally made the chemistry lab explode twice when he was testing some substances even if he was quite aware of how dangerous that could be, or when he accidentally created this garbage-bot with way too much sass (1) as a science project that at least self-destroyed itself after seeing itself into a mirror... or because his notes at anything related to science, math and derivative were clean and perfect at the point he was almost qualified to give a class himself, even if he kinda sucked way too much with P.E. Or because in the IQ tests he was simply outstanding... In any case, whatever they were planning, they just got totally ridden of him before anything else exploded and costed them a fortune, getting his promotion ceremony at least... and that was the story in an an utter nutshell. Why would they even want to keep an outcast/threat like him any longer? \"At least she already left...\" He had something else to do anyways... . Five minutes later... Contrary to the previous clear days, that day was cloudy, with grey clouds passing by in the sky like getting ready to let their water pour down in a soft rain anytime later, making her calculations, it could probably happen at some point in the afternoon past noon, or even near the sunset; but for some other reason she felt like there was something else lurking around, wanting to come near... the clouds felt like telling there was a bad augury incoming, something bad going to happen, but she couldn't understand why actually... it was... odd. \"Wazzup with the gloomy face, Alice?\" She looked at Cal out of sudden when he talked to her, snapping her out of thoughts, \"You seem to be worried.\" \"It's nothing...\" She hoped it was nothing and just her imagination, \"Don't worry about it.\" Said giving him a smile, then received a look to see if she was being honest and then look away, apparently having believed it. Honestly, she was worried about whatever could be roaming at the point, it wasn't just a hope for being her imagination, she was wishing to be just it. They were heading to Cassie's home, they were going to meet the kids from the day before for a soccer match as an arrangement they did after retrieving the baseball ball from the haunted house... they passed by there, she felt someone staring from the windows, and as much as she couldn't see them, it seemed like someone was moving the curtains to take a look outside. Maybe they were waving at her even if she was unable to see them, think about that and their kindness made her smile at the house and then back to her path, somehow, dragging the previous thoughts away. Then they reached her house, finding her already ready to leave with a smile, \"They shall put us in the same team!\" She said excited, making them giggle, \"And I'm being serious, the least they can do is pick the three of us for retrieving their stupid ball from that house yesterday.\" And she was right about it. \"I don't mind it anyways...\" Alice said with a soft voice, \"Oddly, it was fun...\" She got a weirded out glance from her friends. \"You're still weird...\" Cal said, \"But you're still cool. Also...\" He looked to the sides like paying attention and see if no one else was listening, \"I asked to my parents about the house yesterday and... well... you were right when you said that the ghost said she knows my mom...\" The lost one in the conversation was the hazel-eyed girl, who looked at them confused, \"She said they were good friends as they were the first people to visit us when we first moved here when I was born and... how a few months later it happened...\" \"Uh... Flint told me something similar yesterday... he said his parents were childhood friends,\" She proceeded to explain him what her friend told her before, and how his mom was the one who found out about their deaths in the exact way he told the whole story, showing up concern in the face of her new friends about it, because, of course it was, \"And that's all...\" The more she thought about it the muddy it felt, surely, at the same time she thought that the greed of a single man was the reason of their deaths. Had him something else to do with Flint's breakdown...? The voice of her friends made her snap from her thoughts as she looked at them, rubbing her eyes a bit as if she just woke up. They asked if she was alright, receiving a positive answer, to then get ready to go away to the soccer field behind the school. Sighing deeply she just remained behind them with her mind lost in thoughts about the last three days, taking a look to her surroundings like looking for someone... everything that she was told about the story of the island did something in her mind, being completely aware that there was danger around the place and also many other things buried under the pavements (not literally, but who knew). His words the previous day when he was talking about Shelbourne put a huge question mark in her mind... he was talking like he witnessed it first-handed, and it felt... overwhelming... How? Well, it was hard to explain but... she could feel his pain when he said about not hesitating to kill if he wanted, which kept meaning that if he really was the one behind the death of the McHale because of their money to have full royalties upon the now defunct cannery (which in the end didn't matter if he had all the power of the world), what would ever stop him from getting ridden of the people he considered a nuisance? The same fears Flint was experimenting before were coming to her, making her bite her cheeks as she tried to drive those thoughts away. As much as she wanted to keep thinking that everything was going to be alright, she knew that in reality there would be a point where they probably would end up crossing paths and even maybe having a clash having in mind his background could end into a disaster where he... could end immersed in a crossfire... And he could die... Unawarely her steps stopped in the middle of the pavement as her gaze went lost to the front, filling her eyes with fear when that possibility showed up... her body started to tremble a bit with the possible ideas of what can ever happen to him, just the idea was... overwhelming... the many things crossing her mind were too much, she wanted to get ridden of them and go back to her previous activities but she was finding herself unable to do so, feeling anxiety started to take over but unlike her friend previously, she wasn't showing signs of it asides of the lost, scared gaze and the trembling body. It came back: the feeling of something dark incoming, lurking in the shadows like a black cat in a dark night waiting to happen, the weather has been making her feel like that too, but honestly, she's been having that feeling for a long while already, pretty much since she woke up. As much as she hoped for it to be just her imagination, instinct was hardly able to get fooled, it could happen that same day at the same time it was a chance to happen some day after. There was an actual reason of why she asked him to not get attached, but because of her own feelings towards that teenager she barely knew, that stupid inventor that ended up being such a humble being and turning up the world upside down in certain mode, well, she ended telling him to forget about it. Yes, she ended up regretting about telling him that when she saw that he actually cared about her that much, and it wasn't just fair to make such kind of request when she was unable to not do the same. It doesn't matter where you hide, I will find you and I will kill you! \"Alice!\" The voice of her friends brought her back to reality, she looked to her sides to see that she was now standing in a corner of the street. How any more annoying could be to just unplug from reality out of sudden and get everyone worried for no reason? \"Are you okay?\" Cassie asked worried, \"Gosh, you don't seem so good...\" \"I'm alright...\" Well, that was quite of a lie because she fully wasn't, \"Don't worry...\" An excuse to not make them worry about her because of her problems, \"Just...\" There wasn't an excuse to justify her disconnection from reality this time, \"Nevermind...\" It was complicated to explain in any way. There were still just many things she wouldn't be able to explain properly even if she wanted. They would probably be afraid of her if she tells them the truth... \"Let's go...\" The last thing she did there was give them a fake smile even if she was already way too tired of pretending... She knew that she was going to reach that very point where nothing would be able to be hidden under the carpets anymore, and how everything would explode at some point... and what would happen next? She made an effort to pretend she was okay for the rest of the way towards the soccer field even if her world was falling down into pieces from behind, but that was the thing she was good at... as long they were oblivious to her reality everything would be alright, right? It uh... had to be like that... right? The less they knew the safer they would all be, or was she trying to protect herself from their reaction? It wouldn't work anyways... as much as she wanted it wouldn't work. Somehow she repressed the growing desire of running away from them and going back to the lab and hug Flint as tight as she couldn't and tell him the entire truth without caring his reaction or what he could tell her. It didn't matter anymore in that moment, everything she was looking for in that right moment was for comfort and cry, just cry as hard and loud as her lungs could until she couldn't keep going while someone was there hugging her so hard; as much she hated to admit, she became addict to his warmth and kindness... It was hard to not become too attached to someone like him though, he was gentle, kind, clever, he wasn't just the weirdo everybody else sees, and of course she was agree with the ghosts when they described the young version they knew, because apparently he didn't change his ways from those days despite all the pain he went through... and it was very admirable that he didn't change his ways despite what life has done to him, how unfair were the ways he got treated for so long, and pretty much everything. He was very admirable in her honest opinion, they just were too dumb to see it. Then they reached the soccer field, she was looking pale, with her arms trembling softly – almost imperceptible, like holding an anxiety attack growing and spreading in her inside like a wild fire, and again, somehow she was managing to keep all of it down, seeking to have a good time even if she felt her own mood going from up to down in a mere fraction of second, completely revolving her stomach at the point she felt unable to lift up her mood. There wasn't anything she could think about aside of her head being a complete bunch of mixed nuts and utter gibberish coming from one side to another without allowing her to actually know what was going on... and it was becoming so... stressful... \"Alice?\" The voice of Cassie made her snap for a moment, making her yelp out of sudden for the surprise, \"Hey, are you sure you feel alright? Because you look... pale...\" There was a voice in Alice's mind telling (yelling) her to stop pretending and run all the way back to the laboratory, find Flint and cry at the top of her lungs until she couldn't breath anymore. And of course, again, she didn't... \"I am...\" Lies, \"I really am...\" Secrets and lies, \"Don't worry...\" She wanted to scream out loud so hard, but all of that energy was stuck inside somewhere, \"It's completely okay...\" It wasn't even close to be okay, \"Just...\" She wanted her mom again, she and Flint together to comfort her as much as possible, \"Don't mind my stupid arse, okay...?\" The more she spoke the more she felt like screaming so hard in silence for help, way too hard, but unable to be heard. Well, Flint could hear her screams of help since the second day after they heard Talk and how she talked about her life, but he didn't seem able to help her... not yet at least... not unless she told him what the actual problem was. \"Well... listen to me... if you really need to talk, do it with me... okay?\" She said, \"You're also a friend, and that's what friends are for, right?\" There her body trembled more than before, her face became red at the same time her eyes started to fill up with tears, to then look down whimpering slightly. The hazel-eyed girl then became worried, looking to the group she made her walk away from them to not drag anyone's attention and hug her so tight, receiving it back as hard as she could unable to handle her sobs... and that's where she felt helpless, just being able to handle her breakdown as much as possible. All she knew was that her friend was completely troubled and holding a lot down, and of course she also knew it could become worse if she didn't let it out... they were behind the wooden steps, a place where they would hardly spot them. \"I'm sorry...\" Finally the new girl said, \"I'm so sorry I... I can't...\" Her breathing was way too heavy, having a lot of problems to not be close to choke between inhaling, her hazel-eyed friend made her look to her eyes and focus there, \"Cassie I...\" She swallowed hard, whimpering in the same way as she tried so much to calm down, \"Please... if... if I tell you the truth... can you... please... keep the secret...? I promise to explain you later but... don't tell anybody... I haven't talked to Flint about this yet and... I really, really wanna but... I-I-I'm so s-scared...\" \"Sure, what is it?\" She asked curious, her friend looked to her sides like paying attention, to then receive another request about not screaming nor doing anything weird even if it was hard... Alice leaned to her ear and told her, for a moment, there was silence, the girl was looking down really stressed, \"Alice, are you being serious? I mean...\" \"I'm being honest... believe it or not... why do you actually think I could hear them yesterday?!\" She asked with distress, the hazel-eyed girl was about to reply, but no word came out from her mouth \"I know you may have questions but... please... just... give me some time... I promise to give you more answers later...\" As much as she wanted to ask again, the fact of seeing her becoming more and more anxious about it made her hold it. \"Okay Al...\" She said, \"I trust you...\" She gave her a sincere smile as she held out her hand to her, the new girl looked at it for a moment in some sort of disbelief, \"Hey, even if it sounds so crazy... you're still my friend... and you have proven to be really nice...\" And out of sudden he found herself being tightly hugged by Alice, who was clenching her back apparently not wanting to let go, \"It's alright... you can trust me whenever you need it...\" The new girl thanked her over and over again, as if she found a rock to lean against for the moment... it took a few minutes until she finally managed to calm down, sniffing and cleaning up her face, to then crack up a small smile... \"Thank you... thank you so much... you don't know how much this actually means for me...\" Maybe she did know, that's why she agreed to do it, right? Well, it could be... It took a little longer before they went back to the group, who looked at them coming as they realized their absence. There were already two groups of people for the game, apparently, one side was full, and thankfully enough, they were at Cal's side... \"What happened to you two?\" He asked curious, \"Alice? Are you sure you're okay?\" She just nodded with a small smile, she wasn't exactly that fine either, but well enough maybe. \"Alright, Alice you'll be the goalie, get ready.\" He received a nod in response with a small smile, the two groups got ready as a couple of kids went to take seat on the grass. Just a friendly soccer match where rules didn't really matter that much, they all took their positions as she remained in the goal zone looking closely to every movement they did... oh well, at least she was going to be there, because she was normally really bad to tell who was a friend and who was from the opposite band when they didn't use uniforms to tell the difference. Her senses became active when the sound of the ball being kicked was heard, starting up the match, her eyes darted to far in the distance, seeing them all playing hard trying to get the ball and take it to the goal area. It passed to the other side with a kick with a loud thud-like noise, to then bounce up in the air to middle field as the ones to her side went behind it, the ball bounced against the ground once, and then there was a clash that reminded her to two football players that tried to hit the ball with their heads, with one of the kids clashing with his elbow the chest of his friend making them fall down. Oof, that must hurt a lot... The fact of them standing back up and helping each other for it made her see that everything was alright, to then hear the sound of the ball getting kicked again towards her direction... she didn't move for the dismay of everyone in her team... and there was a reason: it bounced against the soccer goal and flew to her left outside, the opposite team made a groan and faces of disappointment as hers thought it was just pure luck, while in reality, she just made a fast calculation to realize that; she quickly then ran towards the ball as it was in her area, getting it, going back to her zone, placing it on the kick spot and take some steps back. Her eyes searched for Cassie and Cal for a quick moment, spotting her right behind the line of the contrary side, and him closer to the goal zone... she smiled a bit and ran against the ball, apparently missing the kick at first; as a reflect, they all looked back to then realize nothing happened, and in that right moment where they realized is when she actually gave a hit to the ball making it fly straight to the other side upon their heads and right towards Cal, who apparently understood her play; he jumped and hit it with his head, marking a perfect goal that could barely get avoided. \"Yes!\" She exclaimed now with a playful bright in her eyes at the same time she saw her team celebrating, and tried to remember their faces so she wouldn't be that predictable next time. And so the game went on, with her remaining in the goal zone, being probably the best gatekeeper they saw in a long while and also having an amazing couple of legs that were able to make long shots that could almost reach the other soccer goal easily, and then in the end an hour later, the victory became theirs! Of course they cheered her for the victory as she didn't let the ball get into her zone in any single moment – which was very impressive. It was almost noon now, Cassie took away Alice for a while with a wide grin upon her face wanting to talk to her... \"Hey, were you... you know...\" She said, Alice only nodded, \"That was awesome! You completely rocked there!\" She said in a joyful manner, \"Tell me, what else can you do?\" \"Well...\" She said blushed, \"I also know martial arts and fencing... and I can dance too... well I can... uh... do a lot of things actually...\" \"You have to tell me everything!\" She exclaimed grabbing her arms and grinning widely, \"It's so freaking awesome!\" \"Uh... I-I'll do it in another moment Cassie...\" Alice said, \"H-honestly this is all still weird for me... d-don't get me wrong...\" Her friend gave her a smile and a hug, understanding her point, \"I'll... go back to the house and get lunch...\" There was another hug, a nod, to then part ways. The girl quickly ran back to the house feeling certain happiness mixed with a slight fear about what she told her... it'd be alright, right? She wanted to believe that, despite the fact she wasn't sure it'd happen or not. The only reason she told her about it was because she needed to let it out, but she was unsure about her reaction after telling her the entire thing and how screwed up the situation actually was... but well, there wasn't a way to back down again, it was too late to do that. She felt stupid. It didn't take long until she reached the Lockwood house again, it felt weird, as if something was out of place... quickly she went upstairs calling out the name of her friend, feeling damn tired of hiding it and needing to tell him the truth about everything before it was too late for it; he wasn't anywhere around... it made her feel... uneasy... something was wrong. \"Steve!\" She called out, his lab partner quickly arrived, \"Where's Flint?\" \"Out!\" The vervet monkey exclaimed. How long did he actually leave? She looked to her sides like seeking for something to help her, to then go to his closet and get one of his clean shirts, \"Sniff!\" She heard him exclaiming again, she closed her eyes and sniffed the clothe, like trying to focus in his smell like a dog hound... \"I got it!\" Twisting on her heels she left the shirt fall and ran out in the same way she came from, before going back inside the house, she got a roll of bandages in case he was hurt and bleeding and another couple of first aid stuff, having in count his wounded arm and in case it opened back, to then pass to the main street and run towards the old cannery... He was in troubles... . A while ago Now she was away playing with friends, he went back upstairs to get his morning coffee once again, this time having managed to hold up his anxiety and sigh deeply... it's been a nice way to start with his day, wasn't it? Completely break down out of sudden as he tried to keep all his bad thoughts locked away and get back to what he actually cared, to then remember he was still human and someone who cared about the people who approached to him like her and he didn't want to be alone even if loneliness itself was already a good ol' friend. He looked at Steve, his trustful partner lab to remind himself he wasn't entirely alone, but at the same time, the more he didn't want to remember about it, he knew that despite everything, he was still just a monkey and he needed a real human friend to palliate that feeling more... yeah, his lab partner managed to do that, but just a bit... it wasn't enough, but later on he did manage to get himself over that feeling in part by talking to him and to himself. Subconsciously he still felt as lonely as usual, and there were times he felt brand more lonely than the usual... It's been so different in the last days... The reason he always repeated to himself that everything would be okay and it would just go away was because he was already too used to feel like that and make it wear off at some point... but this time... he got that nightmare, and she was there trying to wake him up, to then proceed to hug him as tight as her arms could out of concern; how he cut his arm with glass because of an accident and how scared she was for his condition, the way she actually cared about him... she really, really cared about him so much, and then, what'd happen if she leaves? He would be alone again... Come on, it wasn't the first time somebody leaves his side either, right? That's why he couldn't have friends in the way he wanted, because something would come and totally ruin it. Someone comes, they befriended, something happens, and they're gone... And it makes him want to cry... Placing down the empty cup upon his desktop, he went to the bathroom to wash his face for a moment, when he looked to the looking glass all he could see was a beaten teenager with bags under his eyes and a pale skin that only lived with coffee and randomly sardines whenever he didn't have many options though. His MP3 player was playing music somewhere in his lab, it was a song he heard a long time ago... how was the name...? Oh yes, Breakeven or something like that. The first verses, and mostly the first line of the entire song were the thing that fitted the most to his actual mood, \"I'm still alive but barely breathing...\" He sung softly, sitting around, with his hands together and looking down. Just prayin' to a god that I don't believe in... 'Cause I got time while she got freedom... 'Cause when a heart breaks no it don't break even... He closed his eyes letting some tears down his face. He remember he first heard that song a couple of years ago when it just came out, and it felt like a pain reliever after... Her best days will be some of my worst She finally met a man that's gonna put her first... Even if that wouldn't really ever happen anymore... While I'm wide awake she's no trouble sleeping 'Cause when a heart breaks no it don't break even, even, no... He let out a sad chuckle, because it was true though... What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you? Funny enough, that was a scream from him... And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're OK... Even if she would really never be okay... I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces... Once again, after so long, he was actually crumbling down terribly... harder, stronger, louder... he hated it so much... They say bad things happen for a reason... But no wise words gonna stop the bleeding... Oh really? Sure, probably bad things happens for a fucking reason, and then everything it did was leave a crumbled mess out of him, a crumbled, crazy mess that was always hard to clean and could become worse and worse with time... 'Cause she's moved on while I'm still grieving... And when a heart breaks no it don't breakeven even, no There it came again, with tears flowing down his face, and he was grieving a loss once again... What am I gonna to do when the best part of me was always you? And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're OK? I'm falling to pieces, yeah... I'm falling to pieces, yeah... Falling in small, tiny pieces that were almost like smithereens by a glass breaking down... I'm falling to pieces... (One still in love while the other one's leaving) That was his case in some way... even if she left long ago... I'm falling to pieces... ('Cause when a heart breaks no it don't breakeven) He had his face hiding against his legs, sobbing in silence as he couldn't handle his grief any longer... it's been so damn long since the last time he actually felt like that... of course he hated it so much... yet, it was the constant reminder of how he was still just a human being... Oh you got his heart and my heart and none of the pain, You took your suitcase, I took the blame, Now I'm try'na make sense of what little remains ooh 'Cause you left me with no love and no love to my name... The feeling was relatable, yet not exactly his case... it was... almost, very close to an actual experience of a break-up yet harder than that... I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing... Once again that was his case... and now he was trying to pour down all the possible pain to feel better at some point of the day, or at least, before Alice came back from the playground... Just prayed to a god that I don't believe in... 'Cause I got time while she got freedom... 'Cause when a heart breaks no it don't break... No it don't break No it don't breakeven no! Someone make the pain stop... What am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you and... What am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and you're OK? (Oh glad you're okay now) I'm falling to pieces yeah... I'm falling to pieces yeah... I'm falling to pieces (One still in love while the other ones leaving) I'm falling to pieces yeah ('Cause when a heart breaks no it don't breakeven) Oh it don't breakeven no... The song was fading away as he was on the floor now, curled up in a ball crying in silence feeling like a complete baby and also... uh... overexposed could be a right word for it? Well, probably it was the right word for his actual mood even if there was nobody around asides of his lab partner, he tried to calm down so much, but he entirely felt unable to do that at the moment. All he wanted was to switch back to his happy-go-luck/creative self and turn off this side of his he used to hate a lot... It took around five more minutes before he decided to stand up and get back to the bathroom to clean up his face, this time avoiding to look at his reflex on the mirror. Sighing deeply he seemed ready to leave the lab, opening the windows to let some air get in; for a moment his arm felt like stinging, right in the spot where he got the cut last day, to then get another reminder of her kindness... \"Stop it!\" He exclaimed to himself, \"Just stop it! Don't think about it anymore or you'll get it worse...!\" He felt so stressed... just, too much, way much more than he wanted... he was feeling horrible, like a complete wreck, he couldn't think right... shaking his head he went downstairs, cracking up his fingers one by one still seeking to calm himself down one way or another without success, biting his cheeks gently. He passed through the sliding door, with his eyes looking down in every moment as he kept trying to remain with a low profile, not wanting to people seeing him cry... One thought: keep walking, just that. Then he mumbled, \"Fuck...\" He wanted and needed a flower... biting his lower lip he searched for a rose, whatever color it was from a bush, or whatever flower in his way – no, no... he couldn't just pick up one randomly, it had to be something special... where were those blue campanulas he used to get whenever he was going to visit her? There was one house that got those beautiful flowers in the front yard against the fence, being one of those few things that actually made the town colorful... It was nearby his destiny so... he could pick up some... So he did, once he reached the house, he gently cut off a branch full of those flowers he considered pretty, the owners didn't have any problems about it anyways, they've seen him doing that a couple of times, yet they never said anything about it. In a normal case, anyone would've kicked him away from there; slowly he kept walking, there was no one around the street this time, either in their works or still sleeping, he didn't know, he didn't care right now... the smell of the flowers were making him calm down, mixing up with a feeling of melancholy... Looking to his sides, he reached a different house: a huge, two-floored house that was bigger to the back side, with a bright, white color and black roof; the porches was of the same color as the roof. Among all the things around the entire city, that... mansion was pretty much the only place that looked renewed and relatively fresh... he sighed deeply, knowing that he was safe as the owner – the crazy madman they had as a mayor was still away in the States. He was still alone there, so he slowly stepped into the front yard, but instead of going to the front door he went to a side towards a spotlight... sighing very deeply, he slowly opened it and looked to the dark inside of the wide basement, which seemed quite empty in some parts. There was no one around neither nobody seemed to be at home, so he quickly turned around to enter... the air was cold, the ambient heavy, there were a few things around he couldn't see right, he didn't really care though and went to the darkest corner of the room... the closer he got, the slower he went... a few tears were rolling down his cheeks as he bit his lower lip nervous... then, there he was... \"Hey Mar...\" He said with his voice trembling softly, \"I'm sorry for not having came in a while but... I've been waiting for him to be away because... you know... I don't want troubles...\" There was a brief silence as he teared up more, sniffing hard as he cleaned up his face, giving a grimace, \"H-hey... how have you been...? I... I brought you some flowers...\" He went closer to that corner, from what was seen, there was a white coffin surrounded with flowers of several kinds, he left his in a place hidden, \"Heh... do you remember when you told me how much you liked these campanulas...?\" There was an overwhelming pain growing in his inside, \"H-hey... I-I met someone... nice a-a few days ago...\" His body was shaking as he took a brief pause, swallowing hard once again, \"Her name is Alice... she's... uh... ten years old... and... she's... amazing...\" He was now shaking more as the words trembled out, to then sniff, \"She... she's not... not from here... uh... she's from... far... away... and...\" He whimpered softly trying to control his emotions, something he was miserably failing at, \"You'd... probably like her...\" He gave a small smile, sniffing once again, \"I mean she's so different from kids of her age and stuff and... I wish you were still here...\" He couldn't avoid to fall down and sniff again, starting to cry in silence at the feet of the coffin... \"I'm really sorry... you're here because of me... I should be the one down here and not you... you didn't deserve this...\" It was really silly to talk to someone who was dead, right? Scientifically it was impossible for them to hear a living as they were already dead, regardless that, there he was once again, having done the same all over again during two years... and now he felt like he really, really needed to do it again. He poured out his pain for a long while, he wasn't sure how long exactly asides of just needing to do it, he laughed, softly for a moment before it turned into a sob as his forehead leaned against the coffin... he tried to control himself, conscious that he didn't have long before anyone, maybe got in; he was good enough hiding though, yet, in any way he didn't want to get into any sort of troubles even if the owner – better said the mayor wasn't in the island... how long they still had freedom from him? Five, four days? It didn't matter in that moment if he was honest... he didn't care anymore, it was just... enough... besides who would even miss him in the island if he left to the other side? Just... just... you and your father... don't get too... attached to me... because I'll only make you suffer... She probably didn't really care about him though... everything she was doing was just pretend... \"But why do you think she's pretending with you, Lockwood?\" He quickly raised up his gaze and looked to his sides, swearing to God he heard this unknown voice that seemed to come from an old man... was he already nuts? Heh, he wouldn't be surprised anymore if he was... and he didn't have any strength to get up again, just leaning gently against the white, sealed case once again, sighing deeply, \"She really loves you, believe it or not... why do you think she ended up regretting for asking you to forget about getting attached to her?\" The voice said again, \"There's nothing in this world that's been making her as happy as you, and she really, really cares about you... or you think she wouldn't have gotten scared when you cut your arm yesterday, or when you had your breakdows?\" There was a brief pause, \"She gave you his heart... don't toy with it...\" He didn't reply for a while, feeling just too low to think for an answer until he said, \"I don't wanna lose her too...\" He said, sniffing harder as he whimpered softly, \"I just don't want her to leave me alone again... I'm so tired of being lonely and... I'm used to it but... it's so hard to go back there after someone approaches... I hate this feeling but... I cannot help it... not... right now...\" His chest felt like aching, almost burning in pain, \"I'm just afraid... because everything I touch gets ruined...\" He sniffed again, \"First my mom... and a few years later was her... I don't want Alice to be the next now...\" Pour out all his pain to the nothingness like that was starting to make effect, making his chest feel less and less hurt and pressed, \"I have to talk to her about her now... I really need her to know about this or else...\" It would end up eating him alive in a worse way than ever. Slowly everything became clear as his sorrow started to low down, lifting up his head as he stood up, feeling his legs wobbling like jelly with a resolution... he had to talk about it to Alice no matter how much it could hurt, because despite everything, she was smart and understanding – more than anyone of her age of course. Even with the darkness of the room, it was notorious his red face and his eyes in bloodshot for the tears, in part he felt like a ghost, but that feeling was less hard than it was a while ago; he really, and actually really needed more than ever to talk to Alice about her, because he already needed to let everything out... \"Mar... before I go, I... I love you...\" Cleaning up his face he got ready to leave, feeling a weight having being lifted up from his shoulders and cracking up an almost imperceptible smile, to then shake his body a bit in order to feel it, cracking his neck releasing tension. Now he had it clear, finally, after days everything started to become clear... there he headed to the same spotlight where he got in and climbed out, carefully to not being spotted by anyone – mostly and even less from Earl who could actually now confuse him for a burglar and Brent who lived in the house, and never was aware of his visits... the coast was clear, he could leave in peace. In normal cases he would wait until night was at its zenith to visit her, when everyone was asleep. Not at midnight, but somewhere during 2:00 or 3:00 AM when he couldn't have any sleep and he actually needed to get there. It wasn't the first time, neither the last, no one never saw him neither getting in nor out, otherwise, a long time ago he could've gotten himself into a list of disappeared people, that was for sure. This time the (his) situation was unhandable, one he couldn't take any longer because of the many things that's been passing through his head over and over again from here and then and his stupid anxious arse screaming things and whispering gibberish and... it was too much. Much more than he could handle already. Who is she? What happened to her? Well... they– \"Hello nerd!\" He heard a familiar voice from behind, this time it wasn't Brent but the voice of one of his annoying peers, \"Where are you going? Huh?\" He turned around, the two friends of his usual bully were now hanging out without him, \"And where is your little girlfriend?\" One of them was smiling, like telling that he was in serious troubles for what happened a couple of days ago. \"I really gotta go Alex,\" He said firmly, \"I have something to do right now...\" They started to laugh a bit at his statement, completely belittling it making the young inventor bite his lower lip a bit in response, feeling a growing danger in the air... he had to leave now. Flint quickly turned around ready to run off, hoping to do it in time, but in that same moment he felt a grip around his arm, right where he got that cut a day ago making him flinch in pain even if the grip wasn't exactly that tight. Well it actually was and the pain there was worsening, making him hiss in pain as well, \"Oh but we wanted to take you somewhere, Lockwood!\" The other one said, the one known now as Alex held his arm slightly tighter with a grin, \"Does it really hurts you? Oh, we didn't know you even were that fragile.\" There were more laughs from them as the pain kept growing, making him flinch more than before. \"Henry please let me go...\" He yelped, sniffing a bit, \"It really hurts...!\" It wasn't until they saw blood staining his coat when they didn't let go, maybe that wound was closed, but it was still relatively new and sensible; he panted heavily, now feeling fear for whatever they had planned for him and Alice wasn't close to save him this time. That's why they came to him now, he didn't get out his house the day before, and now he was wandering alone again around, \"Leave me alone...\" He said again, stepping back from them like a scared cat. Then he ran away, with them behind him. The pain in his arm was loud and horrible, as if something was constantly stitching his nerves over and over again with invisible needles, he first looked back and then to his way needing to hide and get back his way to home. Sadly enough, they were stomping his heels and he was right in the opposite direction from his house towards the cannery, but at least he had some distance from them... oh geez, where was Earl when he needed him? On a bright side, his skinny-looking self was a good way to hide up his actual body shape: he was light and fast, incredibly, fast enough to get two football chasers away from him. Sometimes he thought that his constant accidents with his inventions, the falls, the hits, explosions and stuff made him gain a lot of endurance for those kind of cases... somehow it was surprising, such a shame his skin didn't become of stone or something, that'd be useful as hell. Anyways. All the ways leaded them towards the cannery in the end, with the inventor having jumped the fence easily while his chasers took a few minutes to do it, giving him enough time to get in and find a place to hide; the inside was way destroyed than it looked from outside, with parts of the walls, ceiling and floor already down with large holes around; there were old conveyor chains around, old, rusty cans and many chains around the ceiling, with traces of fire left on what was seen from the walls... it brought... painful memories of course. He had to be careful where he stood, or else he could fall to the ocean, and that wasn't pretty much an option – or was it? Oh, no it wasn't, as much it was a good idea that part had its dangers too. \"Think fast Lockwood before they come...\" He said to himself, who knew what were they planning to do this time anyways. He didn't want to find out either, all he knew is that they'd just humiliate him so much at the point he wouldn't be able to get out his laboratory for the rest of his life as a minimum. They always could get a way to mess up with him, even if they couldn't give him a wedgie, they still always found a way to hurt him... Oh... tall places were good, right? He wasn't sure now, the rush wasn't allowing him to think straight either, yet in part he could... kind of. The platforms were unstable, rusty, damaged, and if he didn't have enough care he could fall and get a worse hit than the ones his inventions gives him already; he kind of wondered this time if the mayor paid them to torture him out of sudden, having in mind they were being slightly more aggressive and active than usual and of course they just loved to mess up with him as well, a good bribe was enough to get them working as he wanted. The only reason they didn't get him before was because he was either in his laboratory or with his father, and the affair of two days ago was with Alice... fuck. \"Lockwood!\" The voice of Alex was heard from there, making him yelp. It was too late to hide upstairs, he had to sort out the gaps and dangers of the lowest floor of the entire cannery, which at the same time felt better than risking his life twice by sorting out the gaps up there, which was more unstable... he heard his own breathing becoming quick as he ran up the conveyor chains, to then land safely back to the floor being careful to not get it broken, already finding himself having ran half of the place and in a tall place when they arrived, to then keep going fast... They were two against one, if they were just slightly clever enough they'd split their ways to get him one way or another, something they haven't done yet. He felt tired already, having not taken care of the wound yet now it started to bleed once again, just reminding it actually and still hurts a bit of pretty much a lot and how he shouldn't be forcing his muscles, but that wasn't happening and he had no other choice either, as everything had a limit, he would hit it anytime soon, and he was completely conscience of that... There was a way he would be able to get out, which was get this hole on the other side of the cannery that would lead him outside upon a dock that would take him back to the shore which would be an Olympic lap towards his house. It was like a light at the end of a long cave, and he completely had hopes of getting away with it, isolating the pain of his arm away, the dizziness, and keeping himself focused on it... then, his foot got against something making him trip and roll a couple of times... getting him dizzy and his head spinning... without hesitating he stood back up, having to lean against whatever was next to him and keep going... it was so close... he was close... \"Lockwood!\" He felt a grip from the collar of the back of his neck that made him turn around and get stomped against whatever he used to lean, his breathing was heavy as the ambient felt like decaying as well, \"Were you going somewhere else?\" Henry asked, receiving a scared stare from the inventor. \"Oh, are we scaring you? Do you want your little girlfriend here with you?\" He couldn't feel his wounded arm anymore, with the adrenaline rushing throughout his entire body and feeling his heart drumming against his chest... whatever they were planning... he didn't know... \"Alice!\" He shouted starting to tear up, his voice echoed all over the place in an empty cry of help... he was just... scared as hell, \"Help–!\" There was a tight grip upon his mouth, even though maybe no one would hear him, they probably wanted to make sure no one would hear him. His blue eyes were wide open like plates as he let out a muffled whimper, breathing heavily and feeling how the air started to lack from his lungs at the point he felt like about to pass out... This was going far from the usual... and it wasn't good... The grips of Alex were tight, both the one upon his chest and the one upon his mouth, maybe he was a bit more superior than them in some physical stuff, but he had everything to lose whenever it comes for strength. The two first looked to each other like trying to decide what to do to completely humiliate him this time, he only wanted to flee somehow, there wasn't a way he'd be able to get away from them this time and he had to resign himself with the 'punishment' they had planned... \"We can tie him up with his underwear!\" Henry said, \"You know, his 'wedgie-proof' underwear can be useful for some things!\" \"He can also have a bungee ride from the roof! I'm sure he'd love it!\" He tried to shake his head, but he couldn't, he hated the idea a bit of way too much, and of course they were getting him more and more scared. \"Yeah but how the fuck do we get there?\" He relaxed just a little bit with the question, because it was fairly a good one. \"Oh well we can find a way, can't we?\" Shit... \"Whatever. Get some chains to drag him upstairs then.\" There was a grin from his friend, who was ready to do what he asked and making the inventor get anxious once again, whimpering and trying to set himself free from them. 'Alice please... please come here...' He thought scared, 'Help me...' He could wish for somebody else maybe, but something deep inside was telling that she would be able to help him in case she ever realized where he was and how bad his situation was. He just wanted somebody to aid him before they could do their things on him... Then they heard the sound of steps in a high place, chains being grabbed. *whistle* The bullies looked back, but they didn't see anything, Alex felt how his grip suddenly loosened as he then realized that the inventor was high in the air being held by feet under his armpits, seeing that oh surprise! Alice just saved him. Everything happened too fast, even for the scientist, who took a good moment to realize what just happened... the pair of bullies quickly ran behind them as Alice let go one side of a chain she was using to swing around and landed in a platform that almost fell down, to then pull the rusty metallic object and drag it with her as they went to the internal stairs; he was about to run down, but for his surprise she clashed against the wall in front of them opening a hole wide enough for both of them to get out. For a moment he wondered how, then he pretty much attribute it to the weak structure of the cannery... \"Flint, come here!\" She said spinning the chain fast like trying to get towards somewhere, they heard the sound of their screams getting near fast, \"We will be alright, just hold me tight!\" Her eyes were looking all over the place looking for a ledge or somewhere safe to jump and swing, without hesitating and prisoner of the panic he did what she asked, completely aware of the closeness of the bullies, \"Got it!\" She found an old lamp up in the distance, aiming at it she tossed the chain, making it spin twice against it, carefully she pulled it to see if it'd be able to handle their weight, hearing the sound of their steps already going up the stairs. \"Alice they're coming!\" He screamed scared, holding her tight. \"Get ready!\" In the right moment the pair was about to get them, she jumped down as they swung from the backside of the cannery to the side, in direction towards the exit. He couldn't avoid looking back, feeling tired already for all the thrills, seeing the chasers looking at them get away to then go all the way down once again, the wind against his face because of the friction made him have a very deep breath as he kept trying to hold her tight, about to pass out for everything that's been happening in the last... twenty minutes (?); near the ground she released the chain, making them fly and land upon an old container and roll... he was already tired of running, he didn't feel able to run any longer... The girl quickly carried him on her back and jumped down, dragging him to somewhere out of sight to check on his arm, sniffing in the process to see how stained his white coat was... carefully she removed it, feeling sticky, she yelped a bit when she saw how bad it was: the bandage used to cover it was completely stained, showing that he did lose a lot of blood, and the lack of color in his skin could tell that a lot more than it should; he gave her a smile trying to ease her, but it was futile this time. Quickly she got out some of the things she took from the lab, ready to clean up his arm, removing the bandage she proceeded to clean his arm, with him biting his blue shirt to avoid screaming at the top of his lungs how much it stings, twitching in pain and holding it as long as possible... They heard their voices then, making the girl rush with the healing and cover it with new and fresh bandages and securing them to last until they reached a safer place to check it in a proper way – maybe going to Waterfront Street and asking Tim to take him to the hospital even if Flint would refuse; they waited a long while, trying to keep low profiles and avoid being spotted, and it probably wouldn't take long until they could get spotted... \"Liz...\" He said, she looked at him, \"I'm scared...\" He felt her hand holding his, trying to make him believe that everything's not lost and they'd be alright... slowly they got out their hideout and took a peek, looking around for the two chasers... wait, they just realized that Henry was in the distance, but where was–? She then felt how someone gripped her from behind and got him away from her friend, making him yelp in surprise, to then feel how he was tackled down by the other one. \"I can't believe it worked!\" One said with a grin, the girl lowered her head feeling bad now for having lowered her guard as well, to then clench her fist as a few tears were starting to drip down her eyes. Flint on the other hand got his arms behind his back breathing heavily once again amazingly scared... he was just looking down as Henry held him tight... so much running for nothing... and he was already tired enough to fight back... It was that moment where he had to give up... right? He already tried everything to avoid capture and now there they were... how pathetic... on the other hand Alice was trying to think on something; maybe she wasn't struggling, but that didn't mean she would give up yet... there weren't just ideas in her head to let them go. \"What are we gonna do now?\" Henry asked, Alex seemed to think on something. \"Why don't we play in the toilet with him and leave the girl locked somewhere?\" He asked with a grin, making his peer curve one too, \"We can lock them in the old abandoned house too afterwards!\" Such a fine couple of bullies who didn't have troubles in dragging a girl into their bullying towards the inventor, which was something that made her feel sick, \"We just have to be careful to not drag anyone's attention if we'll do it. Should we get tape for it?\" Oh my fucking God they were totally nuts indeed, on the bright side, at least the couple living in the house would probably be nice enough to set them free afterwards. His friend's grin widened with the proposal; the girl gave a glance to her friend, seeing that he wasn't reacting and being just resigned to whatever they were still planned... it just broke her heart... Flint wasn't just thinking on anything anymore, being totally emptied from his thoughts, completely resigned to cope with them, unable to think, already careless of their plans... for once he was about to get away with it, and even more with her but... they were at their mercy now, right? And he was already really tired, not just for the rush but for the blood loss as well, he couldn't act anymore, he reached his limits, he was done. Totally and completely done for the day – or even the week, he didn't know nor care. They were ready to leave, only to see Brent coming in their direction looking confused this time... Alice looked to him for a moment, showing a serious face as his peers cheered him up as he 'arrived just in time for the fun', she again looked at her friend, he still wasn't reacting, she wondered if he passed out as she couldn't see his face. \"I heard you were here, what the heck is going on?\" He asked sounding slightly... annoyed, to then look at the inventor and the girl. \"We captured a nerd and his girlfriend!\" Alex said, making the girl roll her eyes in response, making her mumble something in Spanish. The older bully seemed... actually hesitating between let them go and make what his peers wanted, that's where she wondered if he was like that to like them or if he was actually like that and he casually wasn't in the mood for it. \"Let's have some fun with them!\" He opened his mouth to say something, but then he noticed her glance and how she asked him non-verbally to leave them alone, \"Come on Brent, are you hesitating this time? You love to play with this loser a lot!\" \"Well I–\" \"Brent...\" the girl said, \"Please leave him alone...\" Her voice was low yet sweet with a hint of despair, \"Please... just look at him...\" He did the asked and saw him, seeing him so languid and pity and the big red spot around his right arm, with his head low, what looked like tears down his face to the soil... \"Leave him alone...\" She said, \"I'll take his place instead...\" There was a dead silence for a moment, seeming all surprised with her request. \"Alice...\" The inventor said in a weak way, \"Please... it'll be alright...\" She shook her head, \"Let's go... I accept whatever you have planned anyways...\" He heard her sniffing, \"Just get her out of this... she got nothing to do here...\" It was true, yet she didn't care at all. If it meant saving his already worn out friend from torture then that was alright for her, he really needed a break and recover again, let his arm rest, everything. He insisted them to go despite the pleas of his friend, raising up his gaze he looked at Brent with a tired glance that showed resignation, feeling ready to face it. She felt helpless at that point... she had an option but... she didn't want to do it... there was this voice in her mind, one arguing with her about how much of no choice she had to prevent all of it without going wild, but she completely refused at it, wanting to find another way... she snapped a bit from thoughts when she heard one of them asking if by any chance he brought tape, to then look at all of them concerned as hell. They weren't going to go back to the town for obvious reasons, having to find their 'fun' there now they were alone, she looked at the fat one of the group like begging him to change their mind and let them go, something they'd probably do if he told them... But he looked away... Indeed, that completely felt like a bucket of cold water that enraged her... \"Brent let us go...\" She said, her voice changed in that moment, sounding now slightly aggressive, \"I swear to God I don't wanna go wild so let us go!\" Indeed that non-verbal action made her angry, preferring to ignore his conscience and do it more than let them just go. Of course he statement made the other two laugh, just pinching her nerves already. They only ignored her threat, in harsh movement Henry made the inventor move his feet, to then hold again the same spot where he was wounded, this time he didn't flinch but let out a scream of pain. That just added fire to the volcano. \"Enough!\" She shouted – roared angrily, she got an arm free surprising Alex, to then grab his arm and incrust her nails tight, making him flinch and lose his grip from her. With the other arm free, she hit his chest with the elbow to push him away with an aggressive nature she was trying to hold down but couldn't anymore, surprising all the others and receiving a confused and surprised glare from Flint. Her captor tried to take her down from behind again, only to get avoided and get a hard, amazingly hard punch right on his face... If he could make a quick comparission before his mind completely shutted down, it felt like a big, heavy fucking boulder just hit his face damn hard at the point he felt his jaw broken. It was that hard at the point his body flew a few meters backwards, rolling around and fell unconscious, with his nose bleeding and being looked with fear by the two remaining teenagers and the half-conscious young scientist... Enough was enough, she didn't want to get there, but there wasn't another option. She looked now at Henry with fierce in her eyes, showing coldness and hate and looking completely open to beat his face if he didn't let go her friend... without hesitation he did it, making him fall down, and then feel a hit right on his stomach product of a header, making him fall backwards and cough for air... And Flint saw that too, feeling impressed and... scared...? She was angry indeed, but he didn't think she could actually get that aggressive either... it was impressive and scary at the same time... he couldn't think straight... then she looked at Brent in the same angry way, yet, he swore he saw her eyes burning in rage towards him, \"Alice...\" He said, but it was late. When he realized she launched himself towards the remaining teenager and hit his face too, once, twice, and harder; the remaining bully tried to defend himself, but he couldn't she was somehow just stronger and agile than him... There he fell to the ground as she didn't stop hitting his face over and over again in a blind rage, with every hit becoming heavier as the tears jumped out her eyes, clenching her jaws tight as if she was still containing a lot of rage inside, letting it burn wild... \"I fucking told you to leave us alone! Didn't I?!\" She screeched to not scream raging; from Flint's side, it took a good while until he realized he had to realize what was going on due the tiredness... \"Alice please stop!\" He said, as if that was a command, in the right moment where she was going to hit him again, her punch stopped, remaining still like a statue... her eyes lacked of bright, looking like an angry beast in its lowest instincts instead of a person, something terrifying indeed. The inventor quickly went to get her from under her arms and drag him away from Brent, who was barely conscious and probably with his nose possibly broken... he didn't say anything anymore... \"You're not a human...\" \"You're a fucking idiot!\" She roared again furiously out of her temples, with her mind probably lost somewhere letting her indignation and rage speak instead, \"I told you to leave us alone but no! Of course you had to keep going with this, right?!\" The tears were streaming down her eyes uncontrollably, about to get back and keep punching his face so hard until he couldn't do anything anymore, but being held by her friend to hold that back, \"Your parents would be so fucking disappointed of you...\" She hissed that with all the possible venom in her voice, showing up her complete rage and disgust, that mention made him look at her surprised, \"Because they're too good and sweet to have such kind of fucking human waste as a son...\" Without being able to keep it anymore, she took her friend's arm and dragged him away, being careful from not doing any more harm on him... it was almost noon and they were all wasted already – emotionally talking I mean. While she kept his glance up in her way, Flint couldn't avoid look back for a moment, seeing Brent starting to cry on the floor as Henry went to check on him and help him to get up, seeing, too, how he refused to it... And he was still scared though... It took a while before they reached back the laboratory, with her sitting him on his bed and taking off his lab coat, placing it somewhere safe ready to check on his wound again, but he couldn't think straight... when she was going to place her hands on him, he quickly rejected them with a slap, surprising and scaring her for his act and making Steve hide feeling strong, negative emotions filling the air... all she saw in his eyes was fear... \"Don't fucking touch me!\" He shouted out of his mind, too. All the ups and lows of the day made him already unstable summed up with the lack of blood; it was still a surprise that he was awake, \"Why the fuck did you do that?!\" \"Flint I just...\" She tried to say, gulping and tearing up again. \"Just what?! Eh?! Tell me!\" He was completely out of his mind, making her step back in fear as the tears were just falling down her face, \"You're a fucking monster! That's what you are!\" With those words he got some realizations... \"You're not even human...\" \"I-I was going to–\" \"Of course!\" He said like a madman, she was scared as hell, \"That makes sense! Why you ended up in the middle of the ocean out of sudden, why you don't wanna talk about your life, why you can hear fucking ghosts! Why you brought a fucking sword with you! It makes sense why you fucking have so much strength! Because you're a fucking alien! Aren't you?!\" She opened her mouth to say something, but he didn't let her speak, \"Why are you here?! Are your race planning on taking over the planet?! Are you planning to abduct me?! Tell me! Why should I keep trusting you if all you have done is lying to me?!\" His hand went towards his nightstand, and then the sound of a broken glass was heard... that was the thing that made him snap and look down, seeing the crystal heart she gave to him shattered on the floor... just that was the thing that actually made him realize he just commited a huge mistake by screaming at her after saving him from them, but it was too late. See her gift broken on the floor made her pass from a face of fear to one of rage once again... he tried to apologize, but she snapped at him. \"I fucking hate you!\" She shouted angrily, \"You're a fucking idiot! And yes, I am not entirely human, but all I've been doing all this time is run away from them ! I'm not like them and all I want is some peace! Understand?!\" She was completely out of her mind too now, and incredibly mad at his reaction, \"I can't believe I actually trusted you!\" Those words were worse than all the wounds his body could receive, \"I knew it was a mistake...!\" She turned around and went to the window, opening the metallic curtain of it to jump down to the sides of the building as Flint tried to reach her and Steve following from behind too, then he tried to get her back by going down through his elevator, she just walked furiously to the inside heading to the front, door, hearing a soft grumble of a thunder in the distance... fuck. She called out her name in an attempt of trying to talk to her and clarify some things, but she didn't listen at all, pretending to not hear it. His monkey quickly got to her shoulders, she didn't only placed a hand upon his head and placed him down gently, reaching the front door and opening it, slamming the door right on his face. Not losing time he opened it and ran towards her, grabbing her wrist in order to force her to listen. It didn't work. Instead, she did quite the same of what he did before, shaking his hand away and looking straight to his eyes with rage, screaming to him to not touch her and leave her alone... he felt this invisible force coming from her pushing him backwards, but not violently, it was like a strong wind that made him slide his feet on the pavement... of course that dragged other people's attention, to see how the new girl and the freak of the town were having a strong argument... And finally, after yelling him hurtful stuff, she ran away as fast as her legs could towards the forest, sobbing in silence with the tears covering her vision. Earl, Regina and Cal saw her, her friend tried to stop her, but she didn't do it, just wanting to escape from there... He felt the stares of everyone upon him, he didn't care, only seeing her running away until she was lost from view. One raindrop, then two, seven, many started to fall as another soft grumble of a thunder passing by was heard in the distance, to then find himself alone in the rain, with his tears in disguise with the water falling from the sky... he heard Steve calling him an idiot for it, and he agreed... Then there was just this small, only one thing that crossed his mind... \"What have I done...?\" (1): From episode five of the CWACOM series called \"Who You Calling Garbage?\"[Chapter 6] Author's Note: The actual fun begins here. Also take it as some sort of weird crossover that I didn't want to fit in the crossover category because it doesn't entirely fits in... well, kind of. And sorry for taking too long but I've been having stressing weeks lately... Reviews: Meg: Oh mah goodness you're finally back aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! And no, they won't, that happens in an alternative universe a few years later lmfao. But oh well you already know how bad everything turns nyeh heh heh. And from here goes worse :3 Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. And I never meant to cause you trouble... And I never meant to do you wrong... And if I ever caused you trouble... Oh no, I never meant to do you harm... Trouble - Coldplay ... He stood up under the rain for ten minutes before his father arrived for lunch and saw him staring to nowhere at all, getting worried for his injured and exposed arm and trying to talk to him about what happened, why he looked so shocked, he didn't get an answer in any moment, at least not until he asked about Alice, receiving a sniff and a hug from him to then start to sob out loud... Tim took him inside and got a towel to dry him up like when he was just a child, first cleaning up his hair and then covering him with it, to then take care of his wound... \"Son? What happened? You look as if you were swimming away from sharks!\" \"I-I was an idiot...!\" He said sobbing, \"A-Alice I-I... I'm so sorry...!\" He barely found a way to make words have sense and give an answer, being completely messed up for what happened. He felt just... too guilty for having being so harsh at her, \"I yelled at her so many things a-and... sh-she ran away...!\" His father tried to calm him down as he seemed to become unable to actually breathe, getting into an attack once again, \"I didn't mean to hurt her feelings...! I-I wasn't thinking straight...\" His father told him to calm down and breath, trying to ease him as much as possible at the same time he took care of the open wound of his son; a few minutes later that became possible as he looked down, feeling dizzy for the entire jolly ride of the day and the loss of blood that haven't killed him yet, \"Tell me, what actually happened?\" His son just explained the entire thing without hiding a lot of details, how far everything went and how Alice saved him, despite his despair and stuff he hid some things that would've just made him more worried, but overall, why she left... \"She saved me from them and I was a jerk to her...\" It was so weird to open up about his feelings towards his father, he couldn't avoid it anymore either, he had to let it out... \"I feel so stupid...\" And it was the truth, besides he wasn't entirely thinking when he said all of those things to her. Yes, he was conscious but at the same time he wasn't... \"I'm so sorry...\" \"Flint I...\" He tried to say, \"When you... well, in a storm if... if your boat swings and... you're alone you–\" \"I understand, dad...\" Actually, he didn't, as usual, \"I'm a horrible friend...\" Without saying anything else he just stood up and went outside, it was still raining, he didn't care again, opening the sliding door he stopped for a moment to look back. His father tried to say something again, but he didn't, Flint just left under the soft rain again upstairs, feeling so... weak... \"I'm so stupid...\" He closed the door of the elevator and sat down letting tears stream down his face as he whooshed up at top speed, once out he slowly walked through the pink hallway to the inside of his lab, first seeing Steve looking at him and then look away, hiding somewhere around so he wouldn't see his owner. Maybe he was a monkey, but he wasn't that stupid either, understanding everything that's been going on. The scientist understood his point, though. It hurts a lot, yet it was what it was. And what it was... is shit. He closed his eyes for a moment, feeling right about to pass out, hunger and blood loss were a horrible combination and twice as worse after having wasted all his energies running away from his life... he still thought that the mayor paid them to torture him like that while he wasn't in the town because it never went that far either, and it was the only explanation he found for their amazingly reckless behavior. No one else hated him that much than him, that was completely for sure, if he didn't disappear yet was because he was waiting for the right moment to make him disappear... why? All because of... he covered his face to groan a long and loud cursing word at the same time his mood was going lower and lower and his energies were reaching a limit. The room was spinning because of his dizzy head, he needed not just something to eat and produce some red cells before going into anemia (if it didn't happen already) and then die on his bed for a while, he wasn't going to be able to keep himself awake any longer, it was just matter of minutes or even seconds before he fell down unconscious in his lab, alone... Alone again... No! It wasn't the right moment for another breakdown! He had to keep up and take care of himself for a while before start a search for Alice – wherever she was, he wanted to apologize badly, and it didn't matter if she would push him away over and over again because of his stupidity... there he advanced a bit more, his stained coat hanging upon his rooking chair neatly, and next to his bed... Literally, a broken crystal heart. 'If you need to talk, you can talk to me.' He told her the first night after she woke up. It made him want to hit his forehead against the wall all over again for being a damn idiot. She wanted to tell him the truth! When she told him to forget about what she said and how she needed to tell him something but how she wasn't feeling ready! And then she was going to explain her story but he didn't let her. The thoughts made him swear out loud once again out of anger... Messed up and going worsening... He wanted to rip off his heart and put it in a jar, just stop feeling like that and go back to how everything was before she came... but at the same time that was already impossible. He was still a human, they all make mistakes, he liked it or not. Slowly and wobbling to the sides a bit he walked towards the smithereens of the crystal heart, falling on his knees and taking the remainings with his own heart about to jump out his mouth... his arms were trembling, at the same time he got the remaining, it shattered more than it already was, making him sniff and sob again... He felt, dumb, he felt stupid, he felt like the biggest asshole in the world at that moment even if he probably wasn't – he didn't even mean it! He didn't think, he was completely swallowed by fear when everything happened and– and... \"Everything I touch just gets ruined...\" He didn't mean it for God's sake, he completely regretted so much for yelling at her like that! But it was too late as well, and he couldn't think straight yet, he was too stressed to do something coherent, \"I'm such a dick... I'm so sorry...\" He mumbled, shaking and leaning against his bed feeling tired. Slowly he forced his legs to stand up and turn around to his desktop, slowly placing down the broken heart upon it... his head spinned once again as he almost fell backwards, \"I'm sorry...\" He had an idea, which was compose the heart as a way to show her how serious he was being with his apologize... his mind then just told him, \" You need to rest for now... \" He shook it, he didn't want to, but his eyelids felt so heavy and the room was still spinning even if he wasn't moving now, only staring closely to the shattered bunch of glasses upon it... \" Just go back to your bed, and it'll be alright ,\" His head said again, like an automate he walked back to his bed, not saying a thing, unable to think, to then flop down upon his belly, resting his head on his pillow... \" You'll be able to think properly later... \" At the moment he closed his eyes, everything went straight black. Six hours later... The sound of a thunder passing by was the first thing that came up to his ears in the moment he regained consciousness, he felt, again, very dizzy, unable to move an inch, probably with low pulse and other symptoms due blood lose and hunger. In a beginning he was confused, he didn't remember right the previous events before he passed – actually he thought about it more as a crazy and horrible nightmare... but if we're honest, he knew it wasn't. He turned around upon his back and stared blankly to the infinite-like ceiling, just pondering about the last events once again... as much he wanted to go back to his previous self, the one that didn't care that much about people coming and leaving because it was something that used to happen a lot to him – well, kind of, of course. The ones who arrived were for too short, almost nothing, then they were gone by their own or because some external reason that wasn't himself, he used to feel bad for some days about it, then, he was back to be alright... kind of. Nothing was alright now. He was a softy, almost always to be more honest, it wasn't like he was always alone and lacked of interaction with people. He did interact but in a very limited way, usually not going farther than a \"hello\" or whatever he needed, when someone arrives (which was incredibly rare) is where things used to change; still he used to be a bit retracted from interaction when it wasn't something he liked, but starting to release himself when it somehow came to that part... Only one person showed up interest in his stuff after his mom and before Alice... He turned to a side with tears streaming down his face, feeling his energies still drained from his body as he made an attempt to sit down, his arms felt wobbly like jelly and his body heavy, but somehow he managed to do it and sit on the verge of the bed, with shoulders low and his head looking to the metallic floor. He felt... Depressed... It was the thing he hate from not being friendly – or someone who lacked a lot from social interaction, it was different handle the frustration of a failed invention from an actual relationship with another human being (the one with his father, for example, sometimes it was really frustrating, not only because Tim didn't understand him, because he didn't know nor understand how to approach to him either even if he knew what he liked – which weren't a lot of things either). It wasn't that hard to understand the way human behavior worked like, the problem was how dumb he was at the time to apply the theory of relations to practice... it was easier to remain lonely because of that... Then his world is flipped upside down once again with the arrival of a little, shy alien girl (it was the only way he had to explain the many incognitos surrounding her like her healing ability or how she even had the chance to find him and apparently, by the way she snapped, he was right) who showed interest in him, cared about him genuinely and even risked her own integrity for him! Ah, once again the rage started to take over as he couldn't stop thinking about it, just hear her asking them to leave him alone and take his place in their teasing... no one in their right mind would've done that, that was for sure in his opinion, no one was that crazy and even less with whatever Henry and Alex had planned to do – this time Brent was out of discussion. Maybe if she was a boy they'd probably done it, or maybe not, they weren't that heartless either to tease a kid in the way they would do to him... still he thought the mayor had something to do with the affair before, something involving a good bribe for a good 'teasing'. Groaning out loud he slowly stood up, the world started to spin again as he felt very dizzy, once again wobbling to the sides a bit. For a moment he thought that unconsciousness would fall upon him again and make him flop onto his bed for another set of long hours trapped in the dark dream world, surprisingly enough, despite his tiredness, it didn't happen; remaining standing for a while... Another grumble of a thunder passed by, as the sound of the heavy raindrops were clanking against the metallic ceiling of his laboratory. The rain has increased its rate while he was out indeed, having escalated to the point of a light storm and it could still go worse... slowly his body started to move towards his desktop, sitting on his rooking chair and starting to try to put all the pieces of the heart together, neglecting his health, his mental stability and everything related to his safety in order to fix the broken heart... *crack!* I can't believe I actually trusted you! Only Steve could feel and witness the growing tension in the entire dome-like laboratory, the previous amount of tension created by the argument he had with Alice a few hours ago already wore off – not entirely of course, it was just getting refilled with the same, stressing sensation that made Steve peek at his owner for a moment with curious eyes, still quite angry for his behavior towards the girl, yet less than before, still keeping distance from him though. The other thing to fill the ambient were the constant loud rambles from the stressed inventor, who spent around an hour and a half trying to put all the pieces together with glue non-stopping... it was hard to keep himself together, to keep his hands quiet from shaking due the anxiety rushing through his veins... it was hateful, it was horrible, he couldn't keep himself together and it really kept stressing him so much... The thought of all the stupid things he said... And finally he was done... it... well... it took a very good while indeed, but he kinda managed to fix it... he held it between his hands once again, shaking terribly and with the things he said roaming his head... \"Come on... put yourself together Lockwood...!\" He yelped, swallowing hard as his eyes didn't drift away from the heart. It was becoming worse... could he now go out and seek out for her forgiveness after that? Maybe... I fucking hate you! You're a fucking idiot! The sound of broken glass was heard again as he accidentally dropped it back on the desktop, breaking back into pieces... was he actually that sensible? Really? \"She won't forgive me... will she...?\" He wondered as the tears were still uncontrollably falling down his cheeks, his arms fell to his sides heavily, he couldn't take it anymore, it was too much for him to handle. It was so different to commit mistakes in science compared to make mistakes with another human being, because both sides were always hurt in the process. \"It was a mistake to befriend me then... you wanted to avoid this pain... this is why you asked me to not get attached to you...\" Because she was really afraid of his thoughts about her real provenance... She wanted to tell him the truth about everything but he didn't give her a chance, and the worse part is that he hurt her feelings without wanting to do that. He grew attached to her, too, and that was the toughest part of all... he was lost, he didn't know what to do anymore, it felt like an overwhelming situation... he never meant to cause her trouble, neither never meant to do her wrong... Without saying a word he stood up, taking his stained coat and going downstairs under the rain; the backyard was filled with water, he didn't bring an umbrella, he didn't give a shit anymore. Crossing the house, completely ignoring his father's questions about where he was going, he got out to the front side and started to walk down the street towards the docks and go down the lane towards his favorite hiding spot from whenever he needed to ponder about life... he didn't care about the lightnings, neither how the rain heavily fell upon him, he didn't care a shit about the world anymore either, he was... lost...? Yeah, maybe that was the right word. The sea clashed furiously against the shore as he walked by, the wind was cold and the tides were probably high due the long, non-stopping rainy day they were having; it was a good way though to hide his tears and clean up his stained coat a bit. On his way down he reminded the day he went back to his home crying and sobbing after he got his irremovable Spray-on Shoes around his feet and how he made a complete fool of himself in front of his third-grade class, when Brent pointed out about how he would take them off... come on! H w in the world he didn't think about it?! On the bright side, it would wear off by itself after some time (1), so he wasn't entirely doomed to wear it for the rest of his life... \" My beautiful little inventor, \" Her sweet voice filled his ears, speaking to him from the back of his mind, \" Let this lab coat be a reminder of my never-ending support and love for you ,\" He could feel her hand caressing his face in that moment, despite the cold, his cheek felt warm, \" Let it be a source of validation that inspires you to create amazing things, to make this world a better place. So, as long as you wear it, you'll always have a bit of me with you... (2)\" The sensation then wore off, as he whimpered softly, unable to think what would've his mother said if she was still alive... There he felt unable to walk any more, sitting down upon a bench and still not caring a flying fuck about the weather. A lightning could strike him in that right moment and he wouldn't even give a care, besides, no one would care anyways, right? It was still better if the outcast died or disappeared... right...? His mind flew away as it made a throwback to the last days and the many upside downs he was already having in such a short amount of time, it stressed him out too much, even much more than other times and it was completely outraging... He wanted to scream so badly to nowhere and swear to God for letting a rush of blood to the head cloud his mind and yell stuff he didn't mean about, having using his slight knowledge about her against her, hurting her feelings and making his only friend in years run away... he should stop giving so many loops to the affair though... It took a while, but then he realized that suddenly rain stopped falling upon his body, realizing that someone was covering him with an umbrella... he turned to a side, and saw an old man that was in his 70's holding a white umbrella upon him, what kind of called his attention for a reason were the white details in his clothes, seeming completely formal... weird, \"What's doing a young man under the rain like this?\" He asked, his accent was telling that he was from somewhere in Latin America and definitely not from the island, he'd never seen him in his life, \"Can I sit with you?\" He asked, the young inventor seemed to think about it for a moment and then give the man some space to sit, both of then now under the safety of the umbrella, \"Now, why don't you tell me what are you doing here? You seem really upset for something... sometimes is good to pour down your feelings with strangers, you know?\" There was hesitation for a while, a silence broken by the rain and another grumble from a thunder, \"I was a dick to a friend...\" He said hoarse, swallowing hard, \"I said things I didn't mean to say... because I wasn't feeling... right...\" Pour down his feelings about everything felt like a stress reliever, explain what happened earlier and why he reacted so harsh to her to give better context to the situation, explain some things were starting to make his chest feel a bit lighter, \"And that's what happened... now she hates me...\" \"But you didn't know about any of it, right?\" The man asked, he shook his head in response, \"I see...\" There was a pause for a moment, the rain seemed to start to decrease in its intensity, \"She doesn't hates you,\" He finally said, \"Yes, she maybe got angry when you yelled at her, but that's how friendship works: friends can be close people, they can share everything, but as any human being, they also have their upside downs and you have to learn to cope about it... she might be angry now, and if she ran away is because of her pride. We say things we don't really mean to, and it's alright, too, because we're all just human, understand?\" He was kind of getting a grasp from the speech of the old man, for moments he couldn't understand, in others he managed, somehow to do it, \"I'm sure you'll be able to solve this, kid; it's time for you two to learn about it and how it works.\" \"Maybe it is...\" He mumbled quietly, looking down to a puddle under his feet and his reflex, \"Maybe I just became afraid of repeating the same darn story once again... and unconsciously tried to push her away so I wouldn't have to see her leaving me and lesser the pain of it but... all I did was worsen it...\" He was just trying to defend himself somehow, defend his feelings and his mental stability somehow, \"But... I guess... I can't keep doing this forever... right...?\" The man shook his head with a patient smile, \"I've been alone for so long... I normally don't care... but sometimes I wish I wasn't alone... and had someone with me... because it feels... good...\" It was interesting how a few trails of kindness could make a big change of mind and heart to someone, that's why he became attached to her in some way even if they had a few days of knowing each other, \"I do love her so much... and I don't want her to leave me alone...\" Was he being... selfish with those thoughts? \"I have to talk to her... even if she doesn't wants to... there is still something important I need her to know... and I couldn't tell her because I was... afraid...\" \"I see a life that was marked with death...\" He couldn't avoid giving a glance to the old man when he said that, because, it was true, \"You saw important people leave this world without being able to do something to prevent that... right?\" He just looked away as he made a grimace, whimpering softly and covering his face with his hands, sniffing hard trying to not break down into tears, he avoided talk about his mom this time, and also avoid to talk about Mar and how he was involved in her death, \"I understand your fears, then... but you also have to open up a bit to people who comes...\" He patted his back for a moment, \"This being human is a guest house, every morning a new arrival: a joy, a depression, a meanness; some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor. Welcome, and entertain them all, be grateful for whoever comes; because each has been sent as a guide from beyond (3).\" That was a deep speech, indeed; but it actually, somehow made sense... there he finally cracked a smile with the tears streaming down his face, like having found the calm in the storm as he felt determination. Indeed he needed some wisdom, and maybe that's what his dad tried to tell him with a fishing metaphor... sighing deeply he thanked the man for his time as he ran away under the rain, to then come back. \"I'm sorry sir, uh... what's your name...?\" \"You can just call me John, Flint,\" He said, wait a second, how did he know his name? \"If you can excuse me, I gotta leave, I don't have much time left now...\" He said and stood up, starting to walk away, \"Also, tell Alicia that I said hello.\" There he left, the inventor had so many questions in that moment that he wanted to ask but he didn't know how, besides he still had something else to do which was find his friend. There he ran back to his lab, when Tim just asked by calling out his name he just said, \"Sorry dad I'm in a rush!\" to storm upstairs again, God he expected this time to not get struck by a lightning because he went to look for Alice's sword, once there he took it and attached it to his back and jeez he felt powerful again! Was it a actual magical sword and she was a magical girl with a magical weapon? Nah, that was even crazier than the possibility of having lived with an alien, then he rushed downstairs again with a, \"Bye dad!\" like a thunder. Now he was back outside... where to go? Well she left to the grasslands, right? Then he should get himself there...! Wherever she was because even if the island wasn't that big, it still would take a while to find her alone... \"Meatballs...\" He still had to think better in his plans instead of only following his emotions once in his entire life, right? He groaned hard at that, \"Alright she couldn't have gone that far either...\" He said, \"Come on Lockwood, think!\" Well he could build something like a helicopter to clean up the island easier, then... what if she already left the island? No, she had to be around. He didn't know why but... He heard then something zooming (?) in the sky, it wasn't an airplane but rather like a jet? Then he saw the sky opening in the middle of the downtown in a perfect circle letting the sun peek in from the distance as the sound of something having crashed was heard. With the curiosity filling his senses (just like the first time he met her) he ran towards the... landing zone as fast as he could, everyone got out from their houses too to go and check whatever arrived. The first to arrive already was the police, blocking the open streets as they were apparently pointing towards something/someone, he managed to make himself a place as he saw something he'd never thought to see in his entire life. There was a man standing in the middle of the street, with a deep, messy and quite long jet black hair similar to his but covering his ears, pale skin, a normal physical complexion, using what looked like a leather jacket, black pants and combat boots and this big, long and thick zanbat ō (4) sword upon his back that was almost his same height; his hands were in his pockets. As he was giving his back from the point where the inventor was standing, all he could see were those details and the fact that he was taller, around 6ft and 2in, and the traits that really called out his attention were a strange tail that looked like a cat's or even a panther's also, the cat ears upon his head... wait a second, was he actually a... \"Oh, you all shouldn't have bothered in coming to greet me!\" The man said with a deep voice, taking out his hands he saw him wearing combat gloves to match up the outfit he was wearing, then he turned around towards his direction, showing up a couple of bright yellow eyes and a snub nose that quite made him resemble more to an actual animal, and his set of teeth: white, with sharp upper fangs, \"Anyways, now I have your attention, my name is Maximus Panther, and I came up looking for someone...\" He gulped and stepped back in response, yet he tried to keep his composure, \"A small little brat with brown curly hair,\" Oh no, it had to be a casualty, \"Brown eyes, around this size,\" He showed the size with his hand at the height of his waist, which was around the size of the belly of the inventor, \"Pale skin, the last time I've seen her she was using a dark blue t-shirt with pants and her clothes were already tattered,\" He was looking for her, \"Carrying a sword in her back,\" Fuck, no! \"Just like the one that the boy over there is carrying right now...\" His heart skipped a beat out of the surprise when he got addressed by the alien, even more when he pointed him out and got the surprised glares from everyone, and squared to see him walking towards his direction, \"Wh-what...?\" He asked with a trembling voice, feeling his body heavy now it wasn't raining around anymore, the aura coming from the now known as Maximus was a heavy one, like telling him that he was going to die if he wasn't careful enough as he should. \"Where did you get that sword?\" He asked in a growling-like manner, getting closer and closer as he looked straight to his blue eyes. \"I-I fo-found it b-by the oc-ocean...\" He stuttered caught by the fear of facing such kind of beast, \"W-why...?\" Something told him that the man already knew he was lying. Then the stranger was suddenly in front of him, feeling a grip around his neck as his feet stopped touching the ground, thrashing the air becoming more and more scared for the situation, at the same time, again, the group of people stepped back from them afraid, \"One more time: I am looking for a girl, where the fucking hell is she?\" His yellow eyes now got this glint of madness that made him get shivers down his spine, \"I know you know who I'm talking about! You're hiding her!\" The grip tightened as breathing was becoming harder, then he groaned, \"Whatever, I'll just do... this!\" With the superhuman strength the invader had, he got tossed high into the sky, his body spinned several times until he found stability, finding himself upon the town... wait how high he actually was? Well, the view was wonderful, that's for sure; everyone looked like tiny ants and then disappear from view as his way up kept going, with the wind behind his back... then something shiny went towards his direction, it looked like... a plasma ball? No, was it... an energy ball? His first instinct was cross his arms to protect himself, hiding his face behind them even if he knew it'd be futile and a stupidity, like knowing that the intention was have him dead. It couldn't end like that... right? It couldn't... it just couldn't... He heard grip from his back at the same time there was a explosion, uncovering his face he saw that he was flying down as something – someone seemed to be carrying down to a safer place, making him land on a street. He turned around to meet the person even if he already knew who it was, there was a knot in his throat he wanted to swallow so much and say so many things, but he couldn't; he saw a girl with blond, spiked up hair floating a few inches from the ground, getting to his height and staring with cold blue eyes, the thing added to her appearance was what looked like a light brown-kinda blond-ish monkey tail hanging from her back... She looked so different now... before he could say a single word, she extended her arm to him like asking him to give her something, he didn't understand at first, even less with the cold stare she was giving to him, to then understand she was asking for the sword. In a sudden movement she tackled him away from where they were, as his view was upon her shoulder, he saw how the buildings were they were hiding exploded as a shadow emerged from the dust: she just avoided another attack from the panther man... it was still way too crazy to actually understand what was even happening, but all he saw and understood is that the panther man looked at them with a very wide smile with his sharp-like teeth. There he landed by placing a foot at his side, sliding a bit as he looked at them... \"My, my... you really made a good job hiding this time!\" He exclaimed in a mocking-like tone, \"It just looks... huh... much less than something I'd expect from you, princess,\" Wait, what? \"This place indeed is pity, I suppose you remained here because of that...\" There was no response from her, who was just floating in front of Flint in a protective way, he could feel the tension between the girl and the man, he even swore he could hear the sound of soft growling coming from Max, which was already a new thing to add to the list of scary things; slowly he had the intention to remove the belt of the scabbard of the sword hanging behind his back, completely trying to not freeze in his place and be a complete burden for her during the fight that was coming up. At the same time, it was hard to not freeze with the scary and overwhelming situation. \"Run...\" He heard her saying without turning around to him, then extend her hand from behind asking for her sword again, \"Now.\" She sounded so cold, then she turned around to him and looked straight to his eyes with anger, he quickly took off the sword and gave it to her, \"Now run!\" His heart sunk for a moment, but without hesitating he turned around and fled the place as fast as he could. With the adrenaline rushing his veins he could compensate his lack of energy because of the stupid jolly ride from earlier, then... BROOOOOOOM , the earth quaked making him stop and fall... that wasn't a normal earthquake, everything shook again forcing him to remain low, wondering what was happening... No, it couldn't actually be... they had to be ridiculously strong to make the earth shake like that, they maybe were aliens but– \"What the–?!\" He couldn't end the sentence as this great shockwave-like explosion made him fly backwards and destroying nearby buildings... it felt like two titans were clashing against each other, even more, when the view cleared and made him see that the pair of fighters were clashing fists... how damn powerful were actually they? Actually, he thought that the entire scene was taken out of those japanese cartoons – anime things... The earth shook once again as the two fighters started to clash punches and fists one by one, first slowly, then they started to go fast as the tension released became louder and stronger at the point the planet itself couldn't handle, this big crater that formed under the weight of their power was becoming deeper and deeper like trying to run away from all the power released from them, at that point the inventor became unable to move, completely lost looking towards the alien fighters. They started to go faster, so fast at the point he became unable to follow their movements, to then disappear from their spot... Amazing... He looked up trying to find them again, the sky was clear, the storm clouds were around the town but not above, for now it felt like the peace came back, as if they teleported away to somewhere else... before he could sigh in relief as he thought the battle was taken away, he heard explosion-like sounds in the air, but he couldn't see them. And he didn't hear it just once but many at the same time surfing the air: one moment it was behind, then above his head, left, right, everywhere... his head was taking a long while to understand what was going on, to then fall in the realization of two beings moving faster than he could see... Everything was absolutely beyond his comprehension... or maybe it was still too crazy to process and understand propperly. But at that step they'd destroy the island... Well on the bright side maybe, it wouldn't be his fault... right? Oh well that wasn't the point there. At the same time the fight was going on somewhere else in the air, the people of the island were running to what uses to be the shelters in case of natural disasters – mostly the strong storms in some ocassions... or at least, kind of what it should be: the place was big enough for them, yet, it wasn't as safe as it should due some lack of mantainance. Unknowingly for them, the same person they despised the most (with the surname Lockwood) was the one who used to take care of the place annonimously by fixing some major issues (some things were easier for him than others in his defense) and making the place, ironically safe enough to handle something like earthquakes. Tim Lockwood was already there, looking out for his son in the sea of faces to then realize he was still out there, he found pretty much everyone already, but he was the only one missing... another quake made them get down for a moment, being a very strong one this time, unknowingly to them that meant the two titans were fighting near, yet at least they went away for the moment. So many people inside yet where was his son? And among the many people inside there, he spotted two unwanted faces: one from called Henry and the other called Alex, both of them showing some bandages in some parts; the first one had a neck-thing holding his jaw showing that he got it broken, his nose had a gauze as well as if something hard made its thing; his friend also had a broken nose and a bandage around his left arm, almost at the size of the wound of his son. If he didn't know that the one of Flint in the same place was made accidentally in his own lab he'd lost it against them after everything that's been happening during the first second quarter of the day. As much as he could tell they didn't realize his presence, and that was enough for him to get close and do his famous Lockwood stare. It was kinda late when they realized, turning slowly towards him when they felt their lives being threatened – something like that... of course he was angry, when they finally repaired in his presence, the one who didn't had his head restrained yelped out loud and hugged his friend, both looking at him nervously, \"M-mister Lockwood!\" Alex exclamed close to wet his pants out of surprise, \"H-how's your–\" He didn't have the chance of ending the sentence as the adult snapped. \"Don't you even dare to ask what you know, Lancaster!\" He exclaimed angrily calling out the attention of all the others around, \"What in the entire Earth were you two thinking when you stalked my son like sharks?!\" An awkward relationship didn't mean he didn't care about him, it was exactly the opposite: he cared deeply about him, he just didn't know how to approach, and this was a thing he wouldn't stand due the severity of the event, \"You two hear me right now, I won't tolerate this any longer! If I hear one more time about you doing something to my son, I won't hesitate not just having a long talk to your parents but taking care of you two myself!\" Both teenagers were shaking, they never saw him raging like that, and probably he was being soft now, \"Tell me what were you even doing, because you were going to involve a 10-years-old girl!\" That was the other thing he wouldn't tolerate: the fact they almost dragged Alice in made him steam more as he considered her like a daughter too. He didn't add anything else asides of his raised eyebrow stare, which was way terrifying than looking at his eyebrows. It was easy to tell how nervous they actually were, even more because the entire town had their attention upon them, they knew the fisherman wanted and needed an actual explanation for their reckless acts towards the inventor, but none of them seemed to going to reply feeling either fear of his reaction if they gave an actual answer or complete shame for their behavior, actually, Alex couldn't stop looking down as his friend couldn't because of the neck holder, he was too ashamed to say something about it, \"Shelbourne paid them to do it...\" Tim turned around when he heard the voice of Brent coming, with hands in his pockets also looking down, \"I'm not excusing their behavior, Mr. Lockwood, but as usual if there's anyone there to blame about it's the mayor...\" He didn't know what he asked them to do, but of course it went too far this time, he looked at his friends for a moment, seeing them still looking down in utter shame. \"I'll give you one single chance to redeem yourselves about this,\" Tim said covering his face with a serious tone, \"Please, find my son and bring him back here...\" It felt very ironic to hear him asking to retrieve the inventor after they royally fucked it up, but at the same time it was the way they had to redeem themselves from their stupidity – for all of them. The three looked to each other unsure about and even more knowing that even after they heard how the girl and her friend had a strong argument, she still could beat the heck out of them for earlier; then Alex and Brent nodded as their last friend wasn't in conditions to actually help. Even if the two friends weren't sure about it, it was the least they could do now to not get their asses kicked for any reason, and besides if she knew about it, maybe she would forget about the affair that happened before; they were aware of how reckless they were, and now they had a chance to redeem themselves at least for a few weeks before going back to the same old ways... or maybe they wouldn't with the little yet brutal rottweiler he had around him... anyways, the reason in the end of why he asked them to do it, it was because they were fast enough to find him. Without hesitating any longer the two friends got out the shelter just to see how half of the city turned down to mere shambles, leaving them speechless... \"Do you think Lockwood's even alive?\" It was hard to not make that question honestly, the entire town was there hiding minus the inventor and now both of them, so if he was alive or not was actually a good incognito. Funny enough he got a glance from his fat friend with the question, only to receive a nervous smile in response, \"Yeah, I got it...\" How long's been since the fight started? The colossal fight happening between the two strong energies lasted a good while already, for some reason he's been having the feeling of them holding brand more only as a consideration of the town or even the planet itself. It was hard to tell due the many thrills rushing over, but he could say... an hour already? He actually expected the fight to reach an end before sunset for some reason, it could be like the end and epilogue of their war or something like that – kind of; the duo was still out of view due their supersonic speed, on a side way his head was trying to make calculations about the amount of power released and the approximation of their speed in-battle. Then again in another side, he wondered how'd been if he allowed her to explain her backstory and show how it worked, if he didn't just yell at her... he was making contact with intelligent life from the outer space, if he just gave her a chance to explain everything he would've probably even gotten access to higher knowledge about the universe itself, so many questions in his head formed when the panther man showed up and he needed and wanted the answers... he shook his head trying to forget the sadness of his stupidity and focus back in their fight, to then feel the earth shaking terribly as he realized one of them hit the ground furiously, sliding and breaking the pavement until it ended raising up some dust. He covered behind debris and looked to see who fell, then the earth quaked again as a large wall of dust was lifted up again for a few seconds, to then see the girl leaning her hands against her knees and panting heavily, while a few meters at the front there was the panther man cleaning his arms and hands from the dust, both of them with considerable injuries, but maybe in the worse shape possible was her... the inventor gulped softly. \"You've became considerably stronger than the last time I've seen you, princess,\" He heard Max saying, \"But you're still behind me so, your improvement is... nothing,\" So, he wasn't doing an actual effort then? Did that mean she was reaching a limit too? Oh no... no it couldn't be... Out if sudden Flint saw her giving a backflip as another wall of dust raised up, realizing how the panther hammered the hard pavement with both arms wanting to smash her, looking at her with a wide feline grin and his yellow eyes with a glint of madness flickering there, even if their movements were fast he managed to see their hands going to the handles of their sword, to then see how the panther man raised up his gigantic sword. His heart dropped to the ground when he saw him lifting up such a heavy weapon, becoming amazingly worried for her and how maybe she wouldn't even be able to hold it back, being the only option dodging, but would she be able to do it? The earth quaked slightly when the sword of the panther man lowered with fierce and power against her in a vertical slice, even more because the girl landed heavily making the inventor wonder if she was dead or not, only to see how she was defending herself by placing her sword up in horizontal position with all her strenght; the soil under her feet was cracking and giving in due the pressure against, and at that point she wouldn't be able to handle it any longer either. Growling and struggling she tried to fight back and pull him away, the other and harder option was move away... \"Come on you can do it...\" He mumbled looking at the scene worriedly, \"Pull him away... please...\" A few tears were rolling down his cheeks as he cleaned them up, his fears were coming back and he was hating it so much, \"I know you can do it just... do it...\" He looked closely and saw her moving the fingers of her left hand in a series of patterns, repeating the process once as she took a deep breath, in just a little moment the man jumped away with his gigantic weapon at the same time a big fireball came out from her mouth as a way to make him take distance, succeeding on it. The man was meters away from her now giving her a short break, sheathing back her sword and doing some signs with both hands, charging air in her lungs and letting out a series of fireballs fly towards her opponent. Flint was amazed... The fireballs seemed like quick lights surfing the air, exploding once they hit some surface while the alien panther defended himself behind his sword or dodged – even both of them, attempting to get back towards the girl somehow, one way or another; raising up his weapon he swung it with such kind of force at the point an energy wave traveled towards her, managing to cut the front part of her shirt at the height of the stomach and giving her a light cut as she managed to barely avoid the attack. Suddenly a sharp pain crossed her face as she got a powerful blow on her left cheek, not stopping there he started a chain of combos as much the young inventor saw it, to then see how he was now upon her with both hands around her neck... \"You are still worthless trash, little princess!\" He growled, \"I thought you'd be better now but I think I was wrong, you'll never be better than me and you'll be finding your death here!\" His grip around her neck tightened as she started to choke for air, \"Why are you still alive and fighting me?! Don't you still have the answer?! You are just a pathetic who deserves to die!\" The inventor was losing it, shaking his head as the tears started to fall down his cheeks and anxiety started to take over again, the grip around her neck was firm and tight, and it didn't matter she tried to make him let go by grabbing his wrist, her forces were fading away already... he was seeing it from his place, at the same time he tried to remain shut, he wanted to go and help her but... it wouldn't be enough, \"No...\" He mumbled softly, \"No... please... don't leave...\" Something was at the top of his throat needing to get out, something powerful – a loud scream he needed to let out that came out after seeing her hands releasing the wrists of the panther man, \"Alice please don't die!\" His voice felt like echoing across the entire town, and it was even heard by the townsfolk who all went silent to hear that. The heart of Tim felt like sinking deep down as that girl he considered his own daughter was in great danger, he didn't want to lose somebody under his care again, and he knew neither he nor his son would be able to handle another loss, even less the inventor with everything he's been through... Alice! \"Flint...\" She silently mumbled, his screams were distant from her perspective, she could barely hear anything asides of him screaming her name, but another thing she heard... \"So he's your friend then... after you die then I'll kill him, because he's watching you dying now...\" Her conscience then started to come back as she then gave a fierce look to her enemy, to then decompose her face into pure anger... Amazingly enough she managed to push him away with a strong energy wave coming out from the palm of her hands making him slide backwards, once his hands were away from her neck she tried to recover her breath with big gulps, to then straighten up with utter pride as a golden aura surrounded her again, the only difference was that her hair spiked up a bit more, and some sky-blue electric sparks were detaching as well, \"You ain't touching him bitch!\" She roared out loud surprising the inventor, who started to tear up more in response... Yes, he actually couldn't believe it. He just had in count her attitude at the beginning, the cold way she was behaving... but she actually considered him as a friend even if he was a dick to her earlier... he cleaned up his face as he tried to curve a smile. \"Beat his arse Alice!\" He shouted again, \"I know you can do it!\" Separating her legs and with superhuman strenght she sprinted towards Maximus, even if Flint couldn't actually see what was going on due their speed, he knew she was actually beating mainly his face in response of his previous actions, the most he could see was a shiny golden light moving at full speed (still his calculations couldn't sort out how fast she was actually moving, but it was above the speed of sound). The panther then found a way to cross his arms in front of his face to defend himself from a powerful blow that once it landed, whatever was behind became dust and made a large path of open earth, she launched another blow, harder than the last one that had the same result in a brand destructive way, the third one, finally was the one that broke his defense and sent him flying backwards straight towards the cannery, breaking down the outside wall and traveling all the way to the other side until there was an explosion from an unharmed yet old gas container. It was the bell for a break... \"Alice!\" She heard as her aura faded away and her hair remained the same, seeing how the inventor ran towards her worriedly, to then grab her face gently, \"Oh my God...\" She was so bruised: fractured nose, several bruises around her face, a swollen eye, cut lip and cheeks, an open wound on her forehead and a little trail down her nose, to not mention the marks of hands around her neck. \"Alice I–\" \"What are you doing here?!\" She roared out loud, \"You should be hiding somewhere safe now!\" Her voice wasn't one of anger, actually it sounded distressed, like she was still worried or something. \"But why? You already won...\" He said, she started to shake his head slowly. The sound of a explosion was heard again as they looked towards the cannery again, seeing how the panther raised up to the sky with a wide as hell grin; Flint fell down on his butt as he couldn't look away from Maximus, thinking that he was already invencible even if he already show signs of tiredness... \"I've been waiting so long to see you fighting like this!\" He shouted, \"Of course you are soft for a pity person like that boy, because both of you are pathetic as hell!\" He raised up an arm at the height of his chest as a... well, humongous energy ball formed, and with big... around the size of a meteor, \"Okay, now you're worthy to be killed!\" \"Son of a bitch...\" She mumbled, \"Flint... leave... please make me a favor and leave this place right now...\" One glance of her still blue eyes was enough to make him understand why even if he actually didn't want to. She was feeling him grabbing her arm tightly, using it to stand up but genuinly not wanting to let go, \"It'll be okay...\" He bit his lower lip unsure about believing her, frowning he just nodded. \"Al... please... be safe...\" He sniffed a bit, \"I'm begging it to you...\" She looked at him surprised, starting to tear up a bit, cleaning them with the other arm she nodded in response as released his grip and started to go away and she started to float up, but he stopped when he heard another explosion of energy; turning around he saw her trying to catch up more power, the earth started to shake and the sea started to go away from the shore in response, like trying to run away again from the big energy emanating from someone so small like her, then he saw her hair becoming longer at the size of her waist and more spiky, the electric sparks became more pronnunciated as well, revealing she was indeed releasing much more energy than before. Quickly the girl went up extending her arms to the front at the same time Max launched his big energy ball with the intention of vanishing everything... then all just became white... The inventor was unsure about what happened, if he lost his conscience for a brief moment or something else, when he opened up his eyes again he saw most part of the town down in shambles and he was covered with some debris, again unsure of what just happened... looking up he then searched up for Alice completely worried, of course starting to get rushed and anxious about the idea of losing her... he called out her name and coughed a bit, unable to find her around. Then... the sound of something moving around, a few rocks or something, quickly he moved there and started to remove the debris, there he found her: back to normal with the dark brown hair and way more worn out than she already was, pretty much like the first time he found her back in the ocean, quickly he first removed her sword to wear it himself, then moved her trying to wake her up; she was motionless, apparently having wasted all her energy already... \"Flint...\" She mumbled almost silently. \"Alice...!\" He hugged her and placed his chin upon her head, like trying to grip her soul from leaving her body, \"What happened...?\" BOOM! The panther man landed a few metters away from them, the inventor hugged his friend more now feeling fear again, \"How cute, she used all her might to save you all from my vanisher...\" \"Flint...\" She smiled at him even if he couldn't see it, a few tears started to fall down her cheeks, \"I'm so sorry... I never meant to cause you trouble...\" Again she closed her eyes with those words... she was defeated, tired, unable to keep going any longer and needing already a break... \"Alice...\" He mumbled unable to look away from the man, \"Please... don't die...\" (1): Actually this was hinted in the second movie, when Flint was renewing his Spray-on Shoes to get ready to go to his first day at Live Corp. (2): This speech is the version of the series. I think it was both more sweet and heart-touching than the movie version. (3): Kaleidoscope - Coldplay (I'm an effing fan it's already too obvious ayy) (4) Zanbatō: An especially large, single-edged sword dating to the Heian period of historical Japan. The name zanbatō translates to \"horse-slaying sword\" or \"horse-chopping saber\".[Chapter 7] Author's Note : Relatively shorter chapter than the usual ones yay! Next one may be this short as well . Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. There's nothing that I'd take back, But it's hard to say there's nothing I regret. 'Cause when I sing, you shout, I breathe out loud, You bleed, we crawl like animals, But when it's over, I'm still awake Silhouettes - Of Monsters and Men ... The Lockwood gulped and hugged the unconscious body of his friend tight, his eyes showed a lot of fear to then lift her up and start to step back, gulping, shaking a bit... he needed to make her react again somehow, it couldn't end like it, right? That just couldn't be the way it was: the bad couldn't laugh at the end for obvious reasons and mostly because he didn't deserve it, but she was defeated now... it was that moment where they forcefully had to retreat, reach the shelter and get her a medic to check how bad it actually was. He gulped when he saw the panther moving his tail side to side and crossing his arms, still showing a stupid evil grin on his face, a powerful killer instinct detaching from him, even with the knot in his throat he managed to frown a bit and speak, \"You already earned what you wanted, Maximus! She's already down and my home's destroyed!\" Honestly it felt worse to say it than it could sound, at least, at the very least, really deep down he was happy that he wasn't the one who destroyed everything with an invention, \"Why don't you let her rest and leave us alone?!\" She was a major priority now, and even with the most part of the town destroyed there was probably some things that could be saved, right? He couldn't avoid hugging her more in a protective way, getting back slowly in order to run away as fast as he could – even if probably it'd be futile, the panther man was growling in a low tone still grinning widely with pure malice, to then start to laugh in a low voice that became louder, being a complete madman now and scaring him way more than he already was; he wondered now how many times they fought each other and how many times she's been so close from death; he knew that the last time was when he found her floating to the bottom of the ocean, and she would die at some point if they didn't stop... he didn't want that to happen again. \"Oh, you stupid, naïve boy! That's the thing if you didn't realize!\" He laughed again passing a hand across his messy black hair, \"You see, this girl and her family did something really, really bad around two decades ago which involves my family and my entire race so...\" He looked straight to his blue eyes with torn pupils now, \"She's gonna die for it.\" Without hesitating any longer he turned around and ran away across the debris and fallen buildings, holding his little girl as tight as he could; he wouldn't let him kill her, he didn't want to see her dying either, he would save her even if it was at coast of his life... it was the least he could do now anyways for the girl who accepted him for who he was, and how even after what happened she seemed to having forgiven him... something told him that the game of the cat and mouse just started, and he was just waiting the perfect moment to go against them. He didn't want to look back and he probably wasn't going to, even if he could be already on his way... or maybe he wasn't turning around out of fear, he didn't know... The inventor let out a loud yelp as his grip around the girl tightened, feeling his body flying to the front after feeling a powerful air wave from behind similar to one she made early right before she ran away. They flew a few meters to the front violently, he quickly wrapped his own body around hers to protect her from more damage and taking the fall, which of course did hurt, but due his years of having stuff exploding right in front of his face well... he was used to it. Sadly his injured arm didn't take it too well. Yes, of course he felt the paint starting to come from there, slowly he got up and held her again between his arms, the girl was still unconscious, apparently having not suffered more damage than the ones she already took; ready to go, he felt again the man pushing them away with another powerful wave that sent them flying, apparently with the intention of separating them, and that's how they went a few more times until he got separated from her... it was easy to get filled with despair once again when you knew your friend (and an entire town) was under the mercy of a killing machine, almost instinctively he went back towards her, only to be repelled back as the panther was coming closer. When the man arrived besides the young girl, he grabbed her from the back of the neck of her shirt and lifted her up at the same time her friend stopped quickly, looking scared, \"Look at this little princess!\" He said with a huge grin, \"She's so petty, weak... pathetic, don't you think?\" His free hand was getting closer to her left cheek, then he extended the index finger showing a claw-like nail that started to cut open her skin, making the inventor squeal in horror, \"Yeah, just look how stupid and pathetic she is... doesn't crimson red suits her?\" As much as he could see, the man then gave her a painful butting on the side of her head as her body flew a few meters away, she didn't even move. \"Stop it, please!\" He squealed in horror, \"Leave her alone, you've done enough to her!\" The air started to lack in his lungs as anxiety started to come back, he felt helpless once again in his life and he completely despised that feeling, and his last statement, what did a little girl had to do with it? A sub-text told him that she didn't had anything to do there and it was a fight between adults where she got dragged in. \"Just leave her alone! Whatever happened must've been done by the adults! Why are you blaming her so much for it...?!\" Then he felt like something hit his head, like a realization, \"You're not strong enough to face the real culprits of the banishment of your race...\" His words made him look at him now with anger, apparently having nailed right in the spot where it hurts. Then that's what it was... for a moment the man almost lost his composure, \"Why the hell do you think so?\" With the silent ambient of desolation he could hear annoyed growls from the panther man, \"Or aren't you seeing what I'm able to do?\" \"Of course I can... but that doesn't justifies your abuse towards a girl...\" His tone was so serious, not just feeling anger but impotence with the entire situation, \"You're just constantly beating her because you are not strong enough to fight whoever vanished your family and race! And I know I'm right because you two can completely destroy this planet if you wanted!\" It was so unfair to see a young being paying for the broken plates in such a hideous way, it wasn't an extraordinary case either, but that just showed how universal some things could be, \"You're no one but a fucking coward!\" Deep down the inventor knew he shouldn't have said that because it just added fire to the volcano, why? He saw him getting angrier with that, yet he tried to keep his composure even if he was actually losing it a lot. That was his honest opinion and his point of view, and he liked it or not at the same time it was pretty much the truth... The way he looked at him was different now, with his yellow eyes glowing in pure anger now, his corporal expression seemed to show how he started to grow in size like a threatened cat, his black hair seemed to spike up as the growling sound became louder, making him realize that he totally screwed it up and he was going to die sooner than he actually thought; it was even worse when the man got in four paws, realizing also his nails longer than before. The inventor only gulped and slowly started to walk backwards, whimpering softly, \"You really seem to want to die... don't you...?\" He asked growling and coming closer like an animal, he was too terrified to run away. In the right moment he was going to attack there was an explosion to his sides, Flint turned around and saw Alice awake again, her thumb, index and middle fingers extended as a gun while her other hand was holding the lower part as if she was actually holding a real gun, she was shaking slowly showing how tired she was and how she was trying to keep it up, the panther man was going to move again making her start to shoot once again, \"Flint, please leave!\" Roar! The panther man ran towards the girl extending his hands, regardless the endless shooting from her he launched his body towards her like an animal and attacked, pinning her down trying to scratch her face with his claws, the only reason he couldn't yet was because she was holding his wrists tight, to then get a kick on his chest that pushed him away... it didn't last long as he got back to her, leaving claw marks upon several parts of her skin and a powerful blow on her stomach that left her stunned and breathless for a while. The last thing she knew before losing her conscience again was about her body crossing the town and landing in a house... On the other side, even if he didn't want to, Flint ran away as fast he his legs allowed him from the invader, just taking the chance she gave him, not the entire place was destroyed so he could catch his breath back somewhere behind a building and keep making his way to the shelters; he felt a tight knot in his throat when he saw the body of the little girl known as Alice crossing the town... a scream almost got out from his throat, but it didn't get out, it could've alerted him about his position... Little he knew about a couple of presences behind him, coming closer and slowly without his realization, when he realized he felt a hand upon his shoulder and almost shouted, only to feel a hand covering his mouth against the fallen wall where he was hiding at; Brent and Alex were making him signs to not scream out loud, \"Look, we know what we did early today,\" Alex said in a low voice, \"But your father already shouted at us and sent us to find you. He's giving us a chance to redeem ourselves if we take you back and... we're sorry for it...\" Slowly they released him as the bully sounded sincere, \"We won't do it again...\" Too many reasons were present to actually trust their word, but right now there wasn't time to actually think about it so it was something he'd leave for later. Of course he wanted to snap at them so hard because it was also in part their fault he and Alice argued early, yet he didn't, holding it hard and finding himself forced to do it... \"Why should I even trust you two...?\" He asked repressing the scream as much as he could, his breathing was becoming heavier, \"Why should I actually have a reason to trust you two after everything you've done in my life...?\" Despite the entire danger lurking around the place he just couldn't keep it inside, he was still completely mad at them, reasons to not trust them at all were many. \"Man we know you don't trust us, but this is not the right time to argue about this!\" Brent hissed holding his shoulders tight, \"Or we run or we die here...!\" They heard a loud roaring sound coming close, they wouldn't have time to get away from him that easily, and without saying anything else they ran away before getting caught by the panther man, \"Also where the hell is your little girlfriend?!\" Alex asked rushed, just realizing they weren't together once again without knowing about their argument before the rain; they didn't get a response from him asides of a hurt expression, \"Lockwood?\" \"The girl who was fighting him was her...\" He said with weight in his voice, \"She was defeated...\" It was fun to say that the face they gave him was a stare of shock, \"That man almost killed her and now...\" It was their turn. They were next on the list if they didn't find a place to hide, they didn't have another choice than hiding behind a fallen building that belonged to the local TV store, needing to remain as low as they could both in their breathing, voice and any single movement knowing he could track them... If it was night they could actually be inside a twisted horror movie and it had everything to actually be one: destroyed town, no electricity as the towers were down as well, and a beast-like alien chasing them with the complete intention of killing them. Well, in any case it was almost one without the first part. Taking a peek to their surroundings in the most careful way possible they looked for the panther man, but he was nowhere to be seen for a good while. They didn't hear anything either, as if the sounds of the predator suddenly went silent... the three teenagers were taking care of each other's back to prevent any attack from behind, the previous roars and growls weren't heard anywhere, which of course was alarming, even more for the inventor, who thought that maybe he could be tracking the girl. \"This shit's actually way terrifying that it should...\" Alex muttered, his voice felt like trembling slightly with fear as he kept trying to not lose it, \"Where the fuck is he?!\" Both Brent and Flint hushed him with some despair in their looks, but the worse part was hear a loud roar again coming close. Again, the latter gave a deathly stare to Alex, knowing they had to run away again, \"My bad, I'm sorry.\" \"Shut up!\" They exclaimed, the roaring became closer; they couldn't help but swearing a bit. Flint had an idea, taking a look he saw the man in the distance, but not looking at their direction but otherwise, quickly he gave a piece of debris to Brent and told him to toss it away knowing that maybe Max would follow the sound it made thinking it was them. Without hesitating he did what the inventor told him and tossed it away, as hard his arm could; they heard how it fell and made some noise, instantly calling out the attention of the rampaging beast towards that direction, which gave them a chance to get away slowly... Without keeping their eyes away from the panther man they slowly walked away backwards, being amazingly careful where they stood to not drag their attention, the only thing they couldn't control was the sound their hearts were making against their chests, drumming hard and loud at the point their heads were in the same way. Annoying, of course it was, yet they couldn't help it, and apparently he wasn't hearing them... yet. Fear, so much fear, it was far overwhelming than anyone would ever imagine. Their lives endangered... \"Oof!\" Well, the cover-up worked less than they wanted as Brent fell down after stepping on a rock, hitting a few rocks. \"Fuck...\" In that same moment, the panther man turned around towards their direction with a loud growl and a roar, making the three teenagers run again for their lives as fast as they could. Brent managed to get back up even with the big corporal weight he owned, and even managed to keep the pace of the other two teens, yet being the last one in the line. The movements of the beast were flexible, quick, precise and fast, yet he looked as if he completely lost his mind due his beast-like constant behavior; in part the inventor blamed himself for the situation as he pretty much made him angry by facing the facts about what was left seen, like a subtext in a conversation but with actions instead. Incredibly enough, they managed to avoid him all the way to the shelters even if they had their own close calls with some scratches and other stuff, tripping almost falling, trying to delay his reach, until after what felt like an ethernity they finally, finally reached that place... their eyes filled with tears, Tim was right there awaiting for them excited to see them and it was something that filled the young inventor with joy, having never felt that happy to see him again... for a brief moment he felt he was going to lose conscience, having seen a brief pit of black before his eyes, yet a little rock he almost tripped with made him go back to reality. It felt like a big call of his head screaming to focus without caring his few wounds he got from the air-pushing-thing from before and the lack of blood in his system due that cut of his arm, telling him to get some aid first, let the panther man get away and then get out again to look up for the unconscious Alice somewhere in the island. The least he expected was seeing Maximus leaping in the air and landing right in front of them with a huge grin, as if he just recovered his composture and then get back in two feet. The mad gaze didn't disappear, the three of them had to brake with their heels and step back in fear, \"My, my... I gotta say you made me lose it, kid...\" He said staring at the young Lockwood, still growling softly, \"My bad, I'll say. I allowed my emotions take over, anyways...\" Their back tensed horribly with the sensation of incoming death coming once again, this time right in front once again. Another thing he least expected was to both Alex and Brent in front of him with the intention of protect him even if it'd be futile for certain obvious reasons... the more the panther got close the more the three stepped back, knowing it'd be completely futile. \"Oh God...\" Flint silently mumbled, \"Alice... where are you...? . Meanwhile... Even though she couldn't feel her body, she could feel the cold ambient where she fell at, her eyelids were completely shut not wanting to open up. It didn't matter how much she demanded to open up, it was futile, feeling crushed and too tired to move... all she knew is that she was alive once again, miraculously of course. In any case, she was used to all of that already. Being trapped in her own body was awful, even more in the critical situation the island was in, her friend running away for his life while that stupid asshole was chasing him... she could feel them moving, he was with that idiot of Brent and the jerk of Alex, casually enough something deep inside told her that they were helping him, otherwise they wouldn't be running together. There she felt some cold hands on her back that helped her to sit down, which also helped her to start to open her eyes slowly, squinting, a blurry vision that started to clear a little while after as her body got dragged upon something soft and bouncy and realize it was a couch; then her hands went to her face as she felt everything falling down to pieces... \" What happened to you...? \" She recognized the female voice of Lucy McHale, realizing where she fell, \" Are you okay...? \" The girl shook her head, \" What's going on outside? \" \"It's all my fault... I brought disgrace to the island... and I cannot stop it...\" \" Disgrace? \" James McHale asked, \" What kind of disgrace...? \" She felt them sitting by her sides, and also how they seemed to look at her. She didn't answer. Their cold hands were caressing her back softly, to then feel one of them wrapping arms around her making her start to break down and cry. Despite being a fighter, that didn't take away the fact she was still a young girl... then the second presence joined too, making her cry louder and sob uncontrollably... She was afraid... and all she wanted was just everything to end... but she didn't have any more energies for it... the thing her body and mind wanted the most was fall asleep and recover from the previous battle, nothing more nor less; actually there wasn't anything else she'd like, asides of maybe just cuddle and sink into Flint's warm presence… there she lifted her gaze with both eyes wide open… \"Flint…!\" She whimpered, her body started to recover some energy due her deep concern, \"I must… go back and…\" An attempt to get up almost became into a fall that got stopped by the two invisible forces of the McHale couple, even more tears fell down her eyes as her body was sore, almost numb for all the effort made, \"I need to save him…!\" The flashes of what happened earlier that day came to her mind, crying in silence of all the hurtful things he said to her, but then the previous days and the good memories with him plus his support during the fight became stronger than the argument, everything just came back… and slowly she started to walk towards the door even if there was this giant hole in the ceiling, feeling the stare of the two phantoms upon her back as it felt like they were wishing her luck for whatever could be coming back once again. \" We may don't know what's going on outside, but we're sure if you could survive a fall like that, you will be able to stop it... \" James said, she could feel him smiling. Her hand touched the rusty knob of the front door and turned it around… It was always open… \"Also, sorry for breaking your ceiling...\" She said smiling a bit, turning around to their direction even if they still were invisible to her eyes, \"And the name's Alice by the way... (1)\" With that and hearing a couple of giggles, she closed the door and started to make her slow way to wherever her friend was, unable to fly anymore but with determination to reach there with her own legs... . Back to the others... And suddenly both Brent and Alex flew away, having received a painful blow in their necks that left them instantly unconscious but not dead, not being that his intention just yet. He was shaking, yes; scared to death, yes; about to wet his pants, definitely. Despite all of that, almost instinctively he unsheathed the sword of his friend, holding it tight and biting his lower lip nervously trying to recover his composure. The act also made Maximus let out a soft, deep and evil chuckle in an almost ironical way. \"Back off!\" Flint exclaimed pointing at him, the sword was trembling softly as his grip tightened harder around the handle. \"Brave enough young man,\" He said, \"But I don't think you'd–\" He had to jump back a few meters when the inventor swung the blade down, entirely having not expected that. Neither he avoided seeing certain similarity between the annoying girl and her friend in that right moment due the position he adopted, with legs separated in attack position as his back was bowing to the front, adopting a more confident corporal expression as the trembling seemed to stop. He didn't, only managed to canalize all the adrenaline and fear into one thing... \"I said, back off...\" From behind, Tim was seeing the scene scared than ever, way afraid to lose his son with such kind of beast like him, and even beyond there because he wouldn't hesitate to fight. He was praying to God and his wife to not let anything happen to him as he was the only thing he got left... At least, for the inventor, Max lost his giant sword after he got caught in the explosion of whatever he hit in the cannery which in part was good because he wouldn't be able to handle so much weight… and bad because he made himself quite faster than without it… in any case, he swung the weapon up in diagonal trying to slice the alien, then swung it down, left, right, he tried to hit him no matter what, showing, surprisingly for his enemy, certain ability using it. The least he expected was him holding the blade easily with a hand firmly, which of course surprised him much more than he'd liked to, he tried to make let go, but he was unavailable for it, being the panther alien stronger, to then let go making him fall back and making his weapon fly a few meters back as it made that clinking sound of the metal. When he turned around to look at the panther, he got a painful kick straight to his face that sent him flying backwards, even behind than his weapon, once he recovered from it immediately stood up and went behind it, only to feel a breathtaking kick on his stomach that took all the air out of his lungs… He couldn't struggle against the pain, falling on his knees and coughing hard, his vision was blur again, about to become unconscious, his eyes struggling to focus and seeing the black shoes of the evil panther, who tossed him against a wall by whipping him with his tail. He couldn't struggle against the pain, falling on his knees and coughing hard, his vision was blur again, about to become unconscious, his eyes struggling to focus and seeing the black shoes of the evil panther, who tossed him against a wall by whipping him with his tail. He barely got time to react when the top of his friend's sword almost made a hole on his forehead, having tilted it to his left side to avoid it… There was a trail of blood coming down his nose, some leaked to his mouth making him taste the metallic flavour of the crimson liquid, the blade also made a cut on his shoulder, it was actually deep, he didn't even feel it at first until a few seconds later it actually did hurt a lot, reminder that it was sharper than it looked; without losing time he moved to grab the handle of the weapon, succeeding at it yet starting to feel pain. He wouldn't give up now… \"Wow, you're pretty tough, kid...\" Max said growling softly, yet it sounded calmed with a mix of honesty, \"Indeed it's really bold of you to face me, even though you know you can die… and yes, you have some of my respects for it.\" Flint got back in attack position, ready to launch himself back for a fight even if he didn't still stand any chance against him. He ran towards the panther, only to feel a punch on his face that de-stabilized him; he tried to attack again, being dodged over and over again as he got some other hits on his chest, shoulders, face, forehead… it didn't matter how many times he fell, he always got back up growing weak but determined to get him away somehow. Tim tried hard to go and get his son to stop, but he was being held back by the other citizens to keep his own safety, the inventor heard him calling out his name many times, and it was making him go more and more against the panther not wanting to give up just yet… weakly both Brent and Alex started to recover their conscience, when they saw the inventor in the way he was going they wanted to help, but they were feeling tired to do it. The beating was becoming worse than before, with his face bleeding, part of his lab coat scratched and others already ripped in large parts… the wound of his arm wasn't the only one to worry about now; breathing heavily some wheezes could be heard showing damage in his lungs, then he coughed taking out some blood, he was too tired to keep going, finding himself on his knees and leaning against the ground with the sword… \"Why…?\" He lowly whimpered. \"I couldn't hear you, boy...\" \"Why…?\" He repeated again, \"Why are you doing this…? You're literally condemning a child for something she didn't do but her family…\" He took a little pause unable to breath properly, \"Please… leave us alone… that's all I'm asking you now… you already won...\" There was silence, like he was thinking about it… \"After the girl is dead, maybe I'll let you live...\" The grip around his sword tightened in anger. \"Are you fucking serious...?!\" He asked angry, \"What the fuck is wrong with you to fucking condemn a child for whatever the flying fuck other people did?!\" The more he thought the less he understood, humans were already too weird for him, and this man was weirder; whatever rule or anything he was following was just messed up, \"Just leave her fucking alone for once at fucking all…!\" He was losing it already. \"What does a stupid boy like you knows about this kind of affair between warrior races?\" He asked coldly, \"You don't know what's losing everything you love! My entire family was murdered, my race, everything I fucking loved was gone…!\" His growling became louder and heavier, \"Her father destroyed my planet and everything I knew… now I'm returning him the favor!\" He was losing it, too, \"Why don't you better go with your parents and let me end this? As if you actually know what's like to lose something important...\" That just completely got Flint angry, way too angry at the point he stood up looking straight to the panther man's yellow eyes with fire in his blues, \"I do fucking know what's losing something I love with my entire life!\" He roared, this time making his enemy step back in surprise, \"I fucking saw my mother die when I was eight years old, do you know what's seeing the people you love lying in a hospital bed while her life is fucking going away from your hands without being able to help?! Do you know what's like to be actually helpless?!\" There was a heavy silence around, nobody dared to break it, \"The worst thing you can ever be through is seeing somebody you love with every single little thing you have without being able to save their live! And guess what, there is actually something worse and that's go through the same fucking hell twice!\" Brent had an idea of where the story was going… he smiled a bit in response with a bittersweet expression feeling completely related to his screams of pain, tearing up and wanting to cry so much with him…everybody else just froze where they were… \"I don't–\" The man was going to say \"I've been through the same hell… twice in my life...\" His chest couldn't handle the secret any longer, he wanted and desperately needed to let it out, \"Her name was Marlene O'Neil… the prettiest girl I ever met in my life… we met… we befriended… I fell in love… and you know what?\" His completely looked out of his mind with the stare he was giving, \"Her father, a fucking asshole! He fucking beat her up to death because he didn't like me! And I couldn't do anything to save her life!\" Indeed he lost his mind already, sounding all furious, raging wildly inside, but more than that, broken, \"And guess what else…!\" He looked down with tears furiously falling down his face, \"She died in my arms too! And what her last words were…?!\" I love you… Marlene…! His knees didn't handle the weight anymore making him fall down again, with the young man sobbing out loud, he felt his body cold, as if he was back in that dark basement in the house of Shelbourne, yet his mind was remembering how he held a beating young girl with white skin marked with several injures including what looked like cuts, and a long, curly brown hair; her eyes were closed, and her beaten face got a little yet peaceful smile… He was sobbing silently while holding her body so tight in his arms… But God! It felt so fucking good to finally tell that out loud! He always thought he'd take that straight to his grave but… it was so hard to tell how it actually felt, it was as if a weight got lifted from his shoulders, something that made him feel, among all the rage: relief… incredibly everyone were surprised to hear the brief story, while the only one who knew all along… for a moment it felt like Max understood what was going on, and actually, it seemed like the two stories hit him hard. The point of the story was so simple: he wouldn't be able to handle one more loss, that little girl Maximus hated so much was so important for the young man… it was an actual plead from his part, he did want her to survive and be left alone for once at all. On the other side, Tim now understood why he once arrived back home seeming completely pale a couple of years ago, lost in thoughts, with his icy blue eyes dull almost lifeless… as if he saw something traumatizing; back then he didn't speak, he didn't say absolutely anything but head to his laboratory where he remained locked for days straight without being heard nor seen by anyone. Yes, he was worried, yet he didn't have enough strength to go upstairs and check on him properly; when he came back he seemed weak and petty, like he didn't sleep during those days he stood locked away, all he knew is that at least he used to get some of the food he always left in the entrance… he never found out why, now it was clear: another death that hit him harder than anything, and one more and it'd be the end. \"I know you have issues with her family… I know they took your family away… but please… if she didn't do anything then just leave her alone… you're punishing a child for the mistakes of the adults… just put yourself in her place at least…!\" He was in despair to make him change his mind and stop it for once at all, \"How many times has she pleaded you to stop attacking her?! Just tell me! Because I'm sure she did it many, many times…!\" With the not-so-many clues he got about the issues between her and the panther man, he made an attempt to get in her shoes for at least a moment, only to find himself unable to scratch the surface of the hell it must be run away from her life constantly at the point she couldn't go back home for the sake of her loved ones… the panther was hesitating a lot this time, as if for the first time someone made him ponder about his actions, the thing that said that the most were the low position his ears got. Flint only hoped he could understand the whole point: children had nothing to do with what adults did in the past, the other thing was that revenge wouldn't change anything but bring more misery. Despite everything that's been happening for the last hour, he also hoped there was a conscience inside the panther man; he was an animal too, but one with use of reason like human beings with morals and beliefs… He heard growls of anger as Max stepped back once holding his head, mumbling weird things as if his mind became a total mess feeling that no one ever faced him in that way, in a non-violent way where the points of view of the other person were being exposed and how it was affecting everything; among the things he (kind of) understood coming from him were, \"Everything is wrong! This is all wrong!\" as if he was totally nuts, to then pass to a \"He's playing with your mind!\" while it was exactly the opposite, \"But he's right! She's still a child...\" passed from one side, \"She is the daughter of the king of those space monkeys that killed everyone!\" \"Look, just move on… if she dies it won't change a thing...\" The young inventor said, weakly standing back up, \"Her death won't bring anybody back to life nor rebuild your planet… you're only going to make yourself completely miserable...\" That side of his was totally the one from his mother: tender, soft… and then he realized he had to do the same from those things that scarred him for life, move on… the enemy seemed to process the information for a moment, then he had the feeling he was going back to that savage state from before, \"Max don't let your instincts take over you like that...\" He said, \"You're more than an animal…! You can beat it…!\" To be honest, he didn't think he would empathize with him, even if he was becoming… unstable. \"Shut up!\" He roared furiously, releasing a similar wave of energy that Alice caused early, becoming once again the mindless beast from before, \"Just shut the fuck up now!\" His body was shaking showing him in a certain kind of distress, the inventor slowly started to step back gulping heavily, to then fall down dropping the sword and keep crawling upon his back in fear, making his father want to run to them and save his son once again. Then he felt the hand of the panther man grabbing his neck tight, starting to choke him slowly; the fisherman managed to set himself free from the grip of all the others, only to get whipped back to the start by the raging alien, who started to lift up the inventor and punch his stomach hard, taking the air more and more from his lungs… he was losing his conscience fast, everything was darkening, death was round the corner… he just thought about Alice, his mother, then felt that he would soon meet her again... and suddenly the wild blows ended, Max threw him aside releasing his neck barely leaving him alive and hardly breathing, with the least he could see, he saw him looking to a side… Alice was there looking completely shocked… \"A… Alice...\" He barely said, his voice didn't come out his throat. The man started to recover back his sanity and pass to a big grin, she was barely standing, yet looking horrified for the scene given… \"How... dare you...?\" She asked slowly, looking down with tears, \"How dare you... to treat my best friend like that?! The voice of Alice was somehow different, very different, airing pure rage, loading air into her lungs, launched a strong cry of battle, mixed with the sound of something beastly, a dark aura coated, completely different from the golden aura of before, her nails became claws, teeth were fangs, and her eyes changed to a purple color with torn pupil… her position was one of a beast in four legs, similar to the man when he was down to the lowest. \"What the–?!\" \"You... are so dead... Maximus!\" She shouted letting out a powerful shockwave that turned a large part of her surroundings into dust. This time, things took a turn of 180 degrees, and Alice was completely furious... (1): I realized she didn't introduce herself to them the first time[Chapter 8] Author's Note : Another relatively short chapter yay, next one probably will be long as usual . Disclaimer : Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs belongs to Sony Pictures Animations. The respective OC's belongs to me. Tear up this town Blinking in the sunlight as the walls come down This fire will burn Digging for a truth that just can't be found Don't want your lessons in love I want to tear it all up Tear Up This Town - Keane ... Flint… wake up… He pretty much lost his conscious almost after he saw Alice back, only finding himself in the darkness wanting to sleep and recover from the entire jolly ride of the day… he groaned when the voice talked to him, remaining in the same place and position… Wake up… Flint please! \"I wanna sleep… Marlene?\" His eyes suddenly opened pair in pair to find himself surrounded by destruction as there was someone standing in front of him like a beast in four legs, realizing it was her… Maximus was, on the other hand, staring at her scared as apparently was the first time he ever saw her in that way with a couple of big claw-like cuts upon his face and other parts of his body… the inventor tried to move, feeling his body burning in pain and how it also felt like it was going to rip in tiny pieces with the slightest movement. Again Flint tried to move, feeling his abdomen burning in pain more than any other part of his body due the wild punches he got before, \"Alice...\" He slowly, almost silently said, now he looked some parts of her body, he realized some of her most severe wounds healed already, her hair looked messier and somehow, slightly longer and spiky-ish, his body made another attempt to move, wheezing in the process and coughing a bit… His coughing made her turn around and look at him, indeed looking like the panther when his mind went lost due rage, to then turn back towards him growling softly after she heard her enemy moving a little bit; as much he could tell, there was something he missed in the minutes his mind blacked out as there was significantly more destruction than before… once again he tried to move in vain feeling number than before, his whimpers brought her attention back onto him, making her quickly start to help him to try to sit down… It was almost in vain, the pain was much more than he could handle… \"Flint...\" She softly whimpered seeming remorseful for his actual state, slowly her features seemed to go back to normal as now her main focus was him and not Maximus, \"I'm so sorry… this is all my fault...\" \"It's alright Al… I've got w–\" He couldn't end the sentence as he started to cough heavily, covering his mouth with a hand, to then spit some blood on his hand and on the soil... That only added fire to the volcano… He tried – empathising on tried to ease her somehow but it was too late; she clenched her jaws hardly as the demonic features came back remarked as the purple aura surrounded her entire body again. Without hesitating a single moment she turned around back to the Panther man raging brand more than before, loading lots of air in her lungs, launched another roar full of pure and burning rage directly to Maximus, causing another shock wave that sent him flying back, moving at high speed towards, appeared opposite powerfully to punch his chin, everybody swore to have almost heard a cracking sound, to then see his body flying towards the grasslands being closely followed by the girl. Now the two major threats of the moment were gone, the townsfolk got out the shelter and tried to follow their fight as crazy it could be, the only ones who stood were Brent and Alex who finally managed to move and Tim with Henry, going to aid his beaten son… the three teenagers felt amazingly bad for the inventor this time, among all the many times he got teased and that kind of stuff, they never thought they'd see him in that very way… And Flint? He was completely done, barely conscious once again, when his father moved him all he did was agonize, whimpering in utter pain, \"Flint… you're…\" He tried to say. \"I need to stop her… dad...\" He said, \"I need… to–\" He didn't end the sentence again due a heavy coughing, letting out some blood once again, \"Shit...\" Mumbled trying to get up by himself, yet his body was refusing. \"You really, really need a damn medic, Lockwood.\" Henry said, trying to stop him. \"No one here... is going to need anything if… if no one stops her...\" The inventor said, \"We may not be here… anymore if… she keeps rampaging like that…\" Again he tried to stand up against all odds, not caring the pain crossing his entire body, \"I have to stop her...\" Using all his will he finally managed to stand up, barely, but up, being supported by his father and the other three to not fall once again, between his breaths they heard his lungs wheezing loudly, with the panther man having made a lot of internal damage… \"Son, it's very dangerous and you can't even walk...\" Tim said softly and concerned, \"I don't want you to risk your life again… I don't want to lose you...\" \"I know dad...\" He said, tearing up in response, \"I told you when I found her…: she's my responsibility now… and I'm responsible of what she does...\" He looked down cleaning his mouth from the blood, to then look at his face, not directly to his covered eyes, looking determined, \"Look you know I've… said stupid things to her today… I still need to fix that...\" Without saying anything else he turned around and tried to make his way towards the battleground, wobbling to the sides about to lose his balance… and it was going to be a long way where he mightn't be able to reach in time… before he could fall again, the three (temporally) ex-bullies held him tight making themselves responsible for their early behavior. Despite all the pain he was feeling at every single movement, with their help they rushed towards the grasslands almost running out of time... The least the fisherman could do now was wish them luck. Once the four arrived they encountered behind a huge crowd – pretty much the entire population witnessing the battle from a safe distance and keeping the children behind as it was quite a brutal scene that not many could handle, they stood quiet for a second, then the stomach of the inventor started to burn again making him cough for the third time, but he couldn't give up, it wasn't an option in any case. Once again filling himself with determination, they got through the crowd all together, to then being stopped by Earl, Cassie, and Cal: \"Flint, where are you all going?\" Cassie asked worried, much more to see him so… beaten, \"Oh God… you're not planning to–\" \"I must... stop... Alice...\" He interrupted without much air, just walking was too much, \"I really need to stop her… I...\" The young inventor almost fainted again, but was stopped by them group that forcefully had to put him down, making him whimper in pain, his hand made its way upon his chest wheezing, to then, obviously, start to cough badly… \"Dude, you're completely nuts!\" Calvin exclaimed surprised, scared to see him so badly injured, \"He almost killed you, and this time she perhaps will try to kill you! She's completely out of her mind and you're not in the shape of even moving a single muscle! It's suicide!\" He tried not to swear out loud again... \"I agree with my little angel,\" Earl said, \"Flint Lockwood you've got way too many hits on your head! You're gonna die, I can't let you do it!\" Indeed nothing could get his nerves more than hearing the same thing all over and over again even if they were right and had a fair point, even his body was still screaming and pleading to him to lay down and lose his conscience, he was too weak in the worst possible physical condition with so many injures and a possible internal bleeding… perhaps even about to die… It wouldn't matter if everybody else had the same fate as him… and that'd happen if he didn't stop her… \"Earl… in the same way you're responsible of your son… she's mine...\" Many more tears were coming out his eyes again, \"I've said hurtful things… almost related to this… entire disaster… she's my only friend… I need to solve this… it's the only way...\" Throughout the overwhelming, burning pain his body felt he quickly got enough strength, somehow to stand back up, \"Let me do this…\" The police officer decided to meditate about it for a few moments before getting to an actual decision, after thinking a little on his son, he gave the green light to Flint to go, who became happy for that. Then, there was this massive light that felt like blinding everyone once again, this time it wasn't coming from Maximus... was from Alice with an arm in high covered by dark energy raising a new massive ball of energy similar to the one from two chapters ago; she didn't seem to no longer measure her own limits, with everyone only looking scared, he realized that she had left the alien panther unconscious… His predictions weren't the best as his fears became true, \"That attack can reduce the entire planet to star dust. And all for wanting to fix affairs with Maximus...\" \"What?\" The six people around him exclaimed alarmed \"Are you saying that if she doesn't stops now, we will be universal history?!\" Earl asked fully alarmed, Flint only nodded slowly, \"What the flipping heck are ya' waiting for, Lockwood? Go now!\" Without any more doubts, ignoring all the damn pain once again and making them go to a safer place (something they didn't), they ran direct to the place, he still felt pain, but it didn't matter now, the only thing that mattered was to make her react before it was late. His eyes caught then a huge rock and right in front of it, giving her back there was her preparing the shot of grace; it was tall enough, perfect to jump, he took one moment to jump out of there, falling behind the girl by surprise, making the giant energy ball disappear, bringing a momentary peace for everybody else. Both began to struggle with everything they had, Flint trying to hold her arms while she tried to break free, the young man had problems to contain the superhuman strength of Alice, but somehow he was managing to do it... Of course something had to happen... Alice arose a few inches from the ground and began to hit herself wherever she could in a desperate attempt of getting free from the grip of the young, becoming harder, stronger, horrible pushing him to be closer to release her, clinging with more force to it but losing them fast at the same time due all the damage he was getting. Things just got uglier when she raised in the air, and began to fall back in a hammer attack, with all the intention of making Flint let go, who this time was doomed. When they arrived at the ground, a huge cloud of dust arose in the area, scaring everyone because of the unknown fate of the young inventor. From the top of the curtain of dust, Alice jumped out, completely unscathed, her hair became more pointed, as well as their nails and teeth walking on 4 feet, dust, a hand appeared dragging on the ground... the young inventor just couldn't move anymore. He was very exhausted, even more than before, his lungs were wheezing more than they did before, his arms almost had no more forces to stand up, yet again like a miracle or as a power taken from inside he stood up again, barely, but did it. Quickly he tried to hold back Alice, who was close to charge a new supernova, before he got the chance to hold on against her again, she disappeared, reappearing behind him... he didn't have time to react… A scream of pain crossed the hills and far away calling everyone's attention, his body barely had time to process the burning sensation crossing his back in diagonal... Alice, who has strived to protect him just gave him a giant claw scratch on the back, tearing his lab coat and leaving him with a huge wound of four claws. Neither he could believe it... Completely lost in rage and unconsciously, she began to beat him, and ultimately, she sent him flying against the rock where he had jumped before, attempting to stand, the dark energy took the form of a gigantic claw, and scratched to Flint again, leaving a huge claws in the stone and doing the same that happened to his back, making him split blood, and weakening him completely... Tim, who arrived a while ago looked to the scene scared, his eyes couldn't credit what he saw neither Earl nor any of her friends or the three bullies: the young girl just attacked her best friend mindlessly, Brent looked also at the scene expecting a real miracle, at least one small... And Flint… he was defeated on against the rock sitting down on the soil without feeling his back, without feeling something small and drained of energy... the damage which had received before by Max, and now by the young, he was thinking... just things... who was really, what was his purpose in life... Why he is still alive... He never realized when his mind left... . When he recovered his conscience he found himself alone in the middle of the grasslands, at the feet of a big, familiar green tree as the sky was clear and painted with the colors of the sunset, he sat down quickly feeling totally confused as the last thing that came to his mind was everything fading away, realizing he didn't feel pain… actually, the thing that called his attention the most was realize he was completely unharmed, as if he never got beaten… Slowly, confused and disoriented he stood up to see where he was, finding there was a familiar lake in direction of the sun setting and someone sitting at the shore of it… curly brown hair, around fourteen years old, wearing a simple white dress… he couldn't believe it… she repaired in his presence, showing a pair of warm brown eyes and a happy smile… \"Hello Flint, nice to see you again...\" He slowly approached to her still unbelieving what his eyes were seeing, the girl stood up showing that her dress was at the height of her knees, he remembers that they were around the same height, now he was actually half a head taller than her… without saying anything all he did was hug her so tight at the point he didn't want to let go again, she giggled in response and hugged back, having been like a lifetime… \"Marlene I…\" He said, a lump was forming in his throat making him feel like choking, he was so emotional in that moment, only to have her index finger upon his lips. \"I'm glad to see you too, Anthony...\" His expression was one of cringe, as if he hated to be called like that, she giggled again in response, \"How come you can hate an amazing middle name? I always thought it suits you.\" \"Why did I tell you so…?\" He asked looking ashamed, yet smiling, she invited him to sit down and look at the sun falling slowly, the light refracted on the surface of the water, the ambient was calm… it was so charming, something he needed a long time ago… \"So… am I… dead…?\" She went silent for a moment, like wondering what to answer, \"Well, actually no, but almost...\" She said, \"This place is most likely a place in your mind where time is relatively dead, where we can talk without worrying about anything else. A place of you an I… somewhere only we know...\" He looked to the sunset again, with his eyes crystallizing with tears as the deep sorrow of her loss came back, he couldn't handle it again, covering his face with both hands to sniff hard and whimper softly; her hand caressed his back to then get hugged from a side, \"Why didn't you let me take you…?\" He asked, \"I could've saved your life… maybe you would still be alive if… if...\" \"Flint… there was nothing to do for me… in either way, I would've left you, and I know how painful it still is but you have to let go and move on...\" She took his left hand and pressed it with hers, feeling it wet due tears, \"There's nothing that hurts me more than seeing you suffering… your mother is the same, we don't want you to keep yourself stuck with us and just move on...\" The inventor stuttered an apology encountering himself in a very sensible point in his emotions, yet his pain was understandable. Sometimes even she felt amazingly guilty for what happened feeling that she was the one who should apologize for causing him so much troubles throughout the couple of years she's been gone… \"Hey, listen…\" She said again, \"I'm the one who owes you an apology for bringing you all of this pain to your life. You've lost your mother in a similar way, then I left and you got back to be alone… but now just focus on the people down there who loves you. You have your father, your monkey Steve, and now Alice...\" Friends had their upside downs too, that's what she explained: it was natural to fight sometimes, but if the friendship was true then they'd come back together and keep going, renewing their bonds and making them stronger every day; it wouldn't be in any other way than that. It always takes time learning to fly, at the same time it was hard to find a friend and an answer to some simple questions… in any case, they'd come together if things among were real and not just a smoke screen… Looking at the sunset he understood what she said, starting to fell encouraged to try again even if he could fail over and over again; the spectrum of reds and blues of the sky reflected in his eyes showing what felt like determination and understatement, as if something inside got to knowledge a missing thing, to then close his eyes and smile. Not with grief, nor regret, but with peace… he looked to her eyes. \"Thank you Mar…\" \"Don't thank me silly, you just needed a little guide to understand...\" She said, \"In any case, if you're telling her about us, bring her here after whatever is going on down there is over. I know she became special to you, otherwise, you wouldn't have brought me here years ago...\" He nodded in response, hugging her tight feeling like it'd be the last time they'd see. \"I'll miss you so much...\" They broke the hug as she placed a hand upon his cheek, caressing it softly, \"Your mother and I will always be by your side, Flint...\" There he kissed his cheek for a long moment, \"And don't ever forget that I love you… even beyond death...\" . When he recovered his conscience, slowly he felt his forces coming back, for some strange reason feeling someone or some people helping him to stand back up, he felt awesome and full of life without knowing why, his determination grew bigger and bigger at every moment while this blue aura started to surround him, those burning pains disappeared even if he still was badly injured... Alice was loading a new energy with both hands: bigger, way dangerous and deathly than the previous one. Without hesitating a second he quickly ran behind the young girl from her back, covering her with his charming aura at the point it started to override the purple, dark energy that made her go wild; she was surprised he was even up... \"Alice! I'm Flint, please stop this! You're not like this…! You're not a beast…! Calm down… I'm begging it to you...\" From a complete struggle, she slowly stopped trying to get herself free as a warm sensation invaded her, consuming the darkness... An enormous light surrounded the place as a light spread, blinding everything… when they all recovered their vision, there was nobody but now a giant field of flowers of many colors that everyone reminded to poppies – something nobody understood how happened, there neither were Flint, Alice nor even Max who probably recovered conscious and left without their realization. Tim was frantic, truly worried about his son, screaming his name just to hear the echoes across the fields... so were they… dead…? They refused to think that. For once that's when the town realized they actually cared a little bit – deep down about the inventor as they were used to whatever he had in plans and also have him used to pretty much destroy everything in his path (sometimes, not always). It was fun how people actually realized things when it was too late for it, like how someone realizes they actually cared about something or someone after it's gone/over; it was a gift to see that everyday and being able to show how much they cared, but now… Was it the case? In any case, the fisherman quickly went to look for his son and the girl to where they previously were among the grass and flowers under the setting sun as the stormy weather was taken away by the battle, yelling again his name while the policeman, son, his best friend and the three ex-bullies following from behind ready to help in anything they could. That's when they finally found them lying on grass, Flint holding Alice in his arms as both of them were unconscious and looking like a mess. One side, she looked unharmed as her wounds healed again after getting covered by the layer of dark energy, on the other, it seemed like his wounds stopped bleeding yet he was totally worn out… slowly, between Earl and Tim lifted the inventor up, to then find himself in his father's arms as Alice was placed upon his back carefully. Seemed like a complex thing, but he could carry them both. Once back they saw the citizens staring at them worriedly, to then look at what was previously a battleground: of what was the town was made powder, some parts, however survived like some of the homes (and actually, amazingly enough the Lockwood house was untouched), while the commercial area and downtown was totally gone… it'd take long, really long to get everything back to what it was… The goddamn sources... \"Alright, we have much work to do…\" Said Earl discouraged, he was already having plans on what to do, when to start and see what exactly survived among the debris. \"Earl... wait...\" Said a weak voice. Alice was awake, more tired than after having received the attack of the supernova and way weak due the entire jolly ride, she got herself out the back of the fisherman to almost hit the ground, getting saved by Earl and placed down, slowly, barely standing up wobbling tiredly to the sides and almost lose her conscious again, to being supported by her friends once again... \"Guys... let me go... please...\" \"You are too tired to stand alone Alice, you really need a break…\" Cal said worriedly, \"Come on, this entire mess it's over so you can now take some rest.\" \"Just trust... me... please...\" She asked once again, struggling against the tiredness. Even if they were reluctant to it they let her go, she just couldn't keep standing right and began to wobble to the sides again. The adults were trying to persuade her to just fall down already and take that well-deserved rest after the entire madness, she completely refused… see her best friend in his father's arms added a big weight upon her shoulders at the point it felt she was about to fall again, but was stopped by two enormous hands grabbing her arms and some behind her back, making her crack a little smile... \"Thank you...\" She said in a low voice, partly wanting to pass out right there knowing she could lean on them, partly trying to keep up. \"Thanks to you…for everything...\" Tim said. \"What... what do you mean...?\" Indeed, she didn't understand him, maybe she was too tired to understand. Tim just looked at her, and began to tell her how much that resembled Fran and how grateful he felt for being by Flint's side regardless the problems that happened in the day; of course unlike his son she understood whenever he used fishing metaphors which got her emotional, he then offered something totally unexpected in her honest opinion...: \"Would like to be a part of our little family?\" She was surprised by the offer, looking slightly embarrassed having being taken totally off-guard. She had her own family, yes, but she was a lot away from them and now she was being given a place to belong. Just like the first time they met she looked down and said: \"I'm not seeking to replace anyone...\" \"No one will replace anyone Alice...\" The man said once again with a softly voice, \"We both agree in the same... and I would really like to stay with us… I already see you as a daughter and I'm sure Flint sees you as his sister… you make him happy and… I just want him to be happy too...\" In the same way that happened in the McHale house, she broke down into sobbing… all she expected from them was hate, stones and sticks yelling at her to run away, but instead she was having kindness… not like she didn't like that, it was just extremely unexpected. Tim managed to carry his son with an arm so he could hug her with the other, she completely gripped against him crying and sobbing hard, showing how necessary it was. Once again it was the reminder that how more than a warrior, she was still a young girl. With the others, Earl was crying a bit of excitement, saying something like: \"This is enough to make a grow man cry\". Cassie and Cal were happy for their new friend while the dynamic trio of Brent, Henry and Alex just walked away from them. Alice broke the hug cleaning her eyes, to then walk down the hill where they were towards the ruins of the town… Everyone watched the girl with more curiosity than a few minutes ago wanting to know what she was going to do, when it seemed that she would do nothing, the golden aura came back... some rebel clouds that refused to disappear with the heat of the battle were located above the town, she threw her power into the sky as a golden pillar and it disappeared in a cloud, storm clouds were gathered back around the island, and then definitely fell down with tears down her face. \"I took... so much away... and now… I'm returning what was taken... thank you... Flint...\" At the moment they were going to go back to her, a raindrop fell making them stop, then it began to rain... at first it seemed stupid to have spent whatever was left of energy in a rain, but then the rain made the town get rebuilt as if it was a magic trick or an illusion... what most surprised them was to see how the same Flint was being healed and all his clothes were fixed, but the only person who didn't have the same effect was Alice, who had a smile on her face… Then the scientist woke up out of sudden, totally confused and looking to his sides probably thinking everything was a dream… until he saw her on the ground, quickly he checked on her not having realized his body healed, being his concern big enough. \"Why is she smiling?\" Earl asked confused \"Pride... I think...\" Said Flint \"Pride? Why do you think it's pride?\" Asked Tim He shrugged, Earl whispered something to Flint's ear, making this smile... then said: \"Don't worry... will pass you your message.\" The cop smiled, Cal and Cassie waved their goodbye and left to their homes to freak out about everything that happened in the day; Tim charged the girl in his arms as they took her back to their home. This time at least she wasn't wounded compared to when they found her, just totally drained, so they took her back to Flint's old room, who this time said to his father: \"Dad I... I will stay with with...\" He still didn't have the chance to apologize her properly, and he didn't want to leave her alone in case just anything in the sightliest happened, \"I really want to be here when she wakes up...\" \"Are you sure, skipper?\" His dad asked, the thing he wanted to do now there was peace again was prepare some tea and talk to his son about Marlene, but maybe it was better to leave the talk for another day. \"Completely, so I'll tell you when she wakes up and that...\" Maybe he would, maybe he wouldn't, there were still things to sort out and a long story incoming, \"Although… we still need to talk… to her… to you… but I need first to sort out some things to her before going to it… alright?\" \"Alright skipper...\" Flint gave him a fake smile, just like Tim, when he got out the room their smile disappeared, and tears came to his face as he sat down next to the bed of the young girl who was now cuddling Newt the bear, hoping when she wakes up with Steve... Tim on the other side closed the door and the smile of this also disappeared, he put a hand on his face and sighed heavily, with tears also falling from underneath his unibrow, ready to go away he looked to the picture frame of the family photo of his son, and his wife... the last thing he expected was anything happen to his new daughter... Everybody was worried about them... ","Summary":" A/N: So, why create a new fanfiction of an old one instead of just redacting the whole original one"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Meaning","Author":"Vontar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12689072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His mind wandered in and out of consciousness, reality coming in as sharp as the cold of a snowflake when it touched skin and fading away just as quickly as when it melted against warmth. 'Why' was his first thought. Why was he still alive? Why was he in so much pain? These questions burned in him; that is, whenever he could light the furnace of his mind long enough for anything to burn. 'Who' was his next question. K blinked a few times, and all he saw was the grey-black dirty concrete ceiling above him and a similarly-colored pillar to his left. The tell-tale sound of water dripping echoed in one ear, and he gasped as he slightly twisted his torso, the right side of his gut flaring in pain. Vaguely, he remembered a piece of shrapnel sticking out of it, but he ignored that memory as he twisted his head to the right. He was greeted by the admittedly lovely sight of that one female prostitute. The replicant that was undeterred by the fact that he was a Blade Runner. The one that he had sex with, as part of Joi's plan… K's eyes shut as he forced himself to not think about Joi. About her. In fact, she was now an 'it'. He was not going to think about it. The way it had pleaded, begged in fact, for the other replicant to show mercy. That was not something he was going to deal with. \"You're awake,\" she murmured, kneeling by his side. \"Shh,\" she gently whispered as K struggled to get up. \"You're safe here. We mean you no harm.\" Taking a deep breath – and ignoring the fact that it rattled his ribcage and sent a searing pain through his chest – K stopped struggling, having pulled himself into a sitting position. He stared at the female replicant beside him, taking in her features as he did his best to re-orient himself. The room was dark, and the ground was flooded with water. A small amount of light came through the small, barred windows that were high up on the walls, but as far as he could see, there were no visible exits. \"Why?\" K croaked out, his voice rusty and his throat sore. He felt around, searching a for weapon, anything he could use, in case he needed it. \"You're still needed,\" she whispered back, her light blue eyes staring straight at K. There was movement behind her, and she turned to see another woman, one much older, approach, flanked by several men. She stood up, pulling her fake fur coat around her as much she could, before turning to K quickly. \"Please, trust me. You have nothing to fear from us. I promise.\" Contrary to K's good sense, he felt some compulsion to do so. He wouldn't have figured himself to be the kind to fall for a pair of seemingly-innocent big, blue eyes after the strangest one night stand in the history of sex, but maybe he was. Or maybe that Wallace replicant had just kicked him one too many times in the head. 'Why' was, again, the thought that dominated his mind. Except now, it was about life. Why did he have his worldview thoroughly torn to shreds in the revelation that he was special, only to have that worldview torn apart in the revelation that he wasn't? Why was he constantly misled? Why was he even alive? K found no answers for any of them, and in light of Joi's demise, the last one seemed the bleakest of them all. Stumbling through the flooded basement, he came to rest on a pillar, slightly out of breath as he struggled with his physical weakness. \"Hey there,\" a feminine voice floated from behind him. K turned to see the tell-tale faded orange hair and blue eyes of the replicant prostitute. Why? Why was she so interested in him? It was one night – a night of intimacy, but only in the physical sense. He had shown no interest in her, and likewise, she had not tripped over herself to leave as fast she could the morning after. \"I would say,\" she spoke, slowly walking closer to the former Blade Runner, \"that I could empathize with you. That if I were a functional, social person, I could understand what you are feeling like right now.\" She shrugged, wearing a wry grin that suggested more pain than humor. \"I can't.\" She sultrily closed the remaining gap between them, and before K could realize it, he could feel her warm breath blow onto his lower chin and tight, blood-and-soot soaked shirt. His own breath hitched as he felt himself stiffen – emotional bonds aside, K was not used to close physical contact like this, particularly not of the female variety. \"I honestly can't remember what I was ever meant for,\" she continued, \"so I never cared. My work ,\" her tone changed as she said the word, deepening into bare disgust, \"has always kept me occupied, and now… I have the movement to think about.\" She looked up, and for the second time that day, K found himself staring into endless pools of blue. \"I don't care,\" K found himself replying. He hardened his resolve when he saw a flicker of hurt momentarily present itself on her face, but continued. \"Look… what's your name?\" \"Mariette,\" she supplied. \"Mariette,\" K continued. \"Alright, look, Mariette. We've known each other for, what, forty-eight hours, at most? Really, we wouldn't have ever gotten to know each more if it weren't for that little stunt that Joi pulled.\" He nearly choked on the name as he said it, but powered on regardless. \"I don't know why you keep talking to me, but it's unnecessary. We don't know each other, and I'm perfectly fine leaving it that way.\" If the flicker earlier had been momentary hurt, K could only describe Mariette's current expression as stoic. Her lips were pursed and she alternated between staring at the ground or the space past his head. \"You know, I wanted to be nice, to get to know you and help you, but if you're just gonna be an asshole, then I'll leave.\" She turned, but stopped, before half-turning around with a small look of regret. \"I'm sorry for everything that's happened to you, but sometimes, you just need to roll with the punches and keep going.\" With that, Mariette strode off, disappearing behind the pillars as she walked away. K hung his head low. Perhaps he had been overly rude – oh well, it wasn't as if he could give enough capacity to actually care. Not after what had happened. He swallowed hard. Apparently, he had a Blade Runner to hunt. If push went to shove, he wasn't sure if he could pull the trigger on Deckard. Actually, scratch that – he wasn't sure if Deckard would let him pull a trigger on him. 'Why' was, yet again, what K thought about. But this time, it was simple. Why was life so unfair? He had been given 'life' as a replicant to do a degrading and ultimately worthless job, provided the means to live at a subpar standard, and told that his existence was not unique, that he had no greater purpose. It had been a hell of a day. K leaned back into the snow-covered steps, his head being cushioned as he stared straight up into the light-grey sky. Thinking back all the way to the very beginning, K could remember his job clearly. He was a replicant whose sole purpose in life was to hunt and kill other replicants. He had been designed to obey the orders of those above him, to accept this reality as fate and enjoy it. Hardly the path for a life of fulfillment. His living standards had been low. He had barely enough money to scrape by in a rundown complex, his apartment surrounded by humans that would be more than happy to rip into him, given the chance. He ate shit food every day and he lived in a shit neighborhood. Joy. Joi. Damn. It had looped back eventually, as it always did. K didn't know what to think anymore about Joi. On one hand, he had his memories of her – real, pleasant emotions that she (or was she an 'it'?) had drawn out from him. Were those mutual, or were they just a pre-programmed response? K desperately wanted to say the former, wanted to say that her \"I love you\" meant more than just a line of pre-written code. But he had to face reality. Joi was nothing more than a mass-market consumer product. He was one, in millions, who had her system, had her configured to look and act like that, and had grown emotionally close to her. All it meant was that the Wallace Corporation had done their job well. Such a depressing thought. It was only matched by the revelations he had received. In forty-eight hours, he had gone from believing that he was a standard replicant, made to serve humanity by doing his dead-end duties, to believing that he was the most unique and special replicant in history, born of the love of two parents and brought into the world against all odds, only to learn that he was wrong in his assumptions and he really was nothing more than a standard replicant that had a set of memories somewhat more exciting than most others. Needless to say, he wasn't sure what to believe in. Why was he still alive? That's a good question , K thought, closing his eyes as he felt the wind blow past him. The snow continued to fall, thawing into tiny droplets of water as it hit his face. Like life itself, one could not hold it forever, for time would inevitably cause it to fade. All of the memories that he possessed, his or not, real or not, would disappear into nothingness, like the snow around him would eventually do… K breathed out. Perhaps it was not such a bad end. At least it was peaceful. Then he felt the wind knocked out of him by a body crashing into his. \"Agh!\" K yelled, tiredly waving his arms at the sudden weight. \"What the hell do you think you're doing!\" a familiar female voice rang out. K opened his eyes, and widened them when he saw Mariette's concerned face in front of him. They grew wider when he realized that Mariette's entire body – of which her face was connected to, thankfully – was on top of his. \"Wh- what are you doing here?\" he whispered, barely able to stay aware. \"Never mind that,\" she harshly retorted, lifting his jacket to examine his stab wound. \"Focus on yourself. Were you seriously going to let yourself bleed out here?\" \"Thought about it. Wasn't sure if it was going to happen, but I figured that I wouldn't do anything to stop nature's hand.\" K dryly laughed at his own humor, but Mariette showed far less appreciation. \"This is serious. We'll need you to see a doctor, and def- hey!\" she stopped mid-sentence as K's head drooped backward, his eyes slowly closing as the white, snowy world around him faded to black.[Chapter 2] Pain. Yes, there was a searing pain on his right side. And on his left side. Damn, there was pain everywhere. Tiredness. He was tired. Exhausted, physically and emotionally. The days had been hard, harder than anyone could reasonably expect to handle. The snow fell around him, creating both a soft bed and a blanket for him. How nice. And comforting. The steps were covered in white snow, clean and untouched. Idly, he wondered how polluted and dirty it all was. Like everything was now. Darkness intruded the edges of his vision. It was warm, almost welcoming. It wouldn't be so bad, to give in just once… Time… to sleep. Time to die. Then the chance was torn away from him. Words. Loud, some harsh, some caring. Orange hair fell on him. Fur. Piercing blue eyes. His vision wandered in and out as he uttered some reply. The words slurred. Already, even as quickly as he was jostled, he was now falling again, the familiar darkness coming back to take its prey. And he was gone. Memories flitted across and away at the speed of light, the reaction of a thousand, a million, a billion, a trillion synapses firing with no apparent rhyme or reason. He jumped through time and space, visiting truths and lies alike. As if he could distinguish the two anymore. There was a small fire. People huddled around it. He could feel the pain of his chest, the rips in his skin that littered his face and made every facial movement feel like hell. Everything felt congested, like breathing was an impossibility, like there was no air. He turned, coughing as he struggled to stay awake. He came to view a face – a familiar face. She hovered over him, like a protector keeping watch. Why? Why was she here? Questions that didn't matter. She was there. A confused mix of apathy, care, and concern formed itself on her face, though ultimately it was a lot like how she normally looked. He couldn't keep it anymore, couldn't strain against the inevitable tug any longer. He was already fading once more. He focused on what he could. Those eyes. Brilliant jewels against the darkness of the world. Yes, he could focus on that. To the end. They were that last thing he saw before darkness claimed him again. Lights. Bright lights. They burned his eyes. Still, they were shined on him, and they didn't move. Voices. Indistinct, garbled. Distant, yet near. \" Who are you?\" a voice ringed out. A reply came, perhaps, but one that was too far away. A blurred face came near. \"What the hell do you think you were doing, Joe?\" That same voice again. Another face came near. \"Don't leave us, K. Don't close your eyes.\" A different voice. But it all hurt so much. A blur of time and figures. Voices. Sounds. \"I think he's stable.\" And then darkness once more. K yelled in pain and shock as he returned to the world. A flare rushed through his chest, like a tear across his torso, and he coughed as struggled to push himself up. Two sets of hands – one coarse and large, the other smaller and softer – pushed him down. He gasped at the feeling of hands against his own bare skin, realizing suddenly that he was largely naked, apart from a pair of pants that he wore. A thick blanket covered him, but it had shifted off as he struggled to sit up. \"Just relax,\" Mariette whispered in his ear, her breath hot against his ear. He accepted her words and fell limply into the bed. It wasn't particularly soft or comfortable, but it was welcome – more than welcome. A real bed, for a change. Even though it had only been days since he last slept in one, it was a return to normalcy, and K could almost pretend that things hadn't changed and events hadn't transpired. But they had. He had found the child. He had found Deckard. Madam, he learned from the news, had been murdered. Joi had been destroyed. Things were irrevocably different. Events had been set into motion that couldn't be taken back. People couldn't come back after being killed. Jois couldn't come back after being destroyed. And did he even truly want it back? In the end, wasn't that all a lie? K didn't know. And frankly, at this point, he didn't care. His life was one massive mess, and he wasn't sure if he could sort it out, even if he wanted to. \"Where am I?\" he hoarsely scratched out, his voice raspy from dehydration and disuse. \"A friend's,\" the second figure said, coming into view. Deckard stood at the foot of the bed, his arms crossed and his expression indignant. \"You're lucky he's still doing this, and that he owned me a favor.\" \"What the hell were you doing?\" the former Blade Runner angrily asked, staring right into K's eyes. \"I came out to find you bleeding all over the snow and this girl standing over you. You should've told me that you were injured.\" \"Dying for something you believe in is the most human thing we can do…\" K whispered, remembering those words from a distant part of his memory. Deckard raised an eyebrow. \"And who told you that? Freysa? Damn woman's always been crazy,\" Deckard muttered. \"What a load of crap. Not dying and living your own life is the most human thing you can do. Your humanity doesn't need you to be a martyr to, what,\" Deckard gestured wildly, \"some vague cause. Were you even dying for something you believed in?\" K had no good answers for Deckard, and instead just lay back into his pillow, feeling defeated on all fronts. Mariette had a similar expression, but she still hovered over the hospitalized replicant. Deckard shifted between the injured Joe/K and the woman standing over him before nodding. \"Well, I'm just going to step out, leave you two to, I don't know, figure out whatever is going on between you two.\" At that, the man stepped out of the small makeshift hospital room, closing the door behind him. K grunted again and turned to the waiting Mariette, who was still hovering over him, albeit with a more confused expression than she had earlier. Evidently, Deckard's words had gotten to her, and she was trying to reconcile his words – which had some truth, she had to admit – with Freysa's teachings. \"Why are you here?\" K grunted. Mariette looked shocked for a second, before she realized that he was referring to why she was there at all, rather than why she was still there. \"Freysa told me to keep an eye on you. To make sure you carried out your duty.\" K rose an eyebrow at this. \"She didn't explicitly trust you, definitely not after one meeting,\" Mariette clarified. \"I saw everything.\" Closing his eyes, K rested on his pillow. \"So what are you going to do about it?\" he asked, eyes still closed. \"I didn't kill Deckard. You stood right beside him. Gonna finish the job and report back to Freysa that I was a failure?\" Mariette stood silently as she contemplated her potential choices while staring at the resting K. \"I'm not sure,\" she admitted, almost whispering. \"I don't think I can. Deckard… hasn't done anything to warrant death. It's one thing to plan about killing someone. It's another to actually try and do it while looking at that person in the eyes. I'm not that kind of person.\" K mirthlessly laughed. \"Assuming that, as replicants, we count as people at all.\" Mariette looked indignant at K's brash words. \"We're both as real as any humans. In any way that matters.\" \"Are we? It doesn't seem like that sometimes.\" \"That's why the Replicant Freedom movement exists – so we can always feel that free. So that we can prove that we are the masters of our own fates, not just servants and toys.\" A silence fell over them. \"Are you going to tell Freysa about Deckard?\" A pause. \"No.\" A whisper, almost as quiet a slow-moving wind. Her voice was unsteady. To her, it almost felt like a betrayal of the cause, of Freysa's trust. But at this point, she had to deeply question whether Freysa was to be trusted. After all, she had shown little regard to one of her friends' lives, and even less to K's. All were disposable tools to the 'cause'. \"I'm not sure that I want to tell Freysa about anything anymore.\" K coughed, but he had a macabre smile on his face. \"Well, that's good. He doesn't deserve to get shot and killed. And Freysa can go jump off a cliff for all I care now.\" There was another silence. \"I'm sorry about your hologram. Joi, was it? I saw what happened when we found you,\" Mariette whispered. K breathed in and out deeply, his lips tight. \"I'd rather not talk about that.\" Mariette continued, undeterred. \"What happened? A falling out?\" K didn't immediately respond, instead breathing in and out deeply as he lay there. \"You know what it feels like, sometimes, when something you thought was so real, and true, and genuine, turns out to be complete bullshit?\" \"No.\" K laughed, a half-wheezing parody of humor, only stopping when he started coughing. \"At least you're consistent.\" He paused. \"Well, let's just say that I'm not into holograms anymore.\" Mariette looked confused at K's near-ramblings, trying to piece together what he meant. Before she could, however, K stretched over and pulled her into a kiss. Unable to force herself to tear away, even though she easily could against the weakened former Blade Runner, she stayed where she was, enjoying the sensation as it played out across her lips. When he finally pulled away, K slowly opened his eyes and stared into Mariette's blue eyes. The one thing he remembered most consistently throughout his fractured memories. Easy to remember. \"Consistency…\" he whispered. \"That's all I want right now.\" Mariette breathed out deeply, trying to figure out what was going on inside her head. \"I can do that,\" she replied, her voice little more than a breathy whisper as well. K flashed another smile, this one a smaller grin that didn't look so out-of-place. \"I think we have an understanding, then.\" There wasn't really any 'love' between them. They were simply two people that were lost in a hailstorm of emotions and confusion. They could offer each other something that the other needed and wanted. They could be constants in each other's lives, however much longer that would be. Consistency would serve them both well. ","Summary":" His mind wandered in and out of consciousness, reality coming in as sharp as the cold of a snowflak"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Scarlet Roses","Author":"Galaxy14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7034840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Scarlet Roses A field of scarlet roses… A sky turned red… A battlefield left empty by the ravages of time… A group tries to survive on their own… Will they make it? Day Twenty-Three Date: August 13, 2016 We still wander around the battlefield. Not knowing where to go nor what to do, we have no means of communication, so we have to stay together. The only thing we really know about this place is that it is very desolate. The battlefield is a very depressing place; it's just a field of grass with many patches of either dust, or ashes. In one corner of the battlefield I found a few grave markers, they were just plain white and small, no names just dates. We haven't seen anyone since, well, in a long time. And there is a dark sky to the right of me as I write this entry. This was the one last piece of the world as we knew it before everything just, disappeared. There are only six of us here, or so we think. It's only me, Sylar, Logan, Johnny, Stephen and Ally. My name is Haley, but I haven't told anyone that yet. Who's to say that they work for the government and they're using fake names too? My alias is Katrina, and that's what the rest of them call me also. So far Sylar, a very tall dark haired boy, is the oldest and he has tried so many times to take control of our little group of six. Stephen and I both agree that Sylar has some problems and that he should not ever be able to lead anyone. The only person out of us six that want him to lead is the only other girl beside myself, Ally. She's a tall girl, almost at Sylars' height, her hair is black and she's very bossy, just like him. They've both tried hard to gain confidence from Logan and Johnny. Maybe because they're the oldest? Maybe they try because they just like being in control? Sylar is nineteen years old and Ally is seventeen. The rest of us are younger obviously. Johnny is sixteen, Logan is thirteen and Stephen and I are both fifteen. And just for the sake of this journal I guess I should describe them, you know, if we die, maybe someone could recognize us. If there's still anyone out there. Johnny has dirty blonde hair almost hanging down into his eyes, which are deep blue. They remind me of the color of the ocean on a cloudy day. He is also sort of tall, but only a few inches taller than me, so technically that makes him average height for his age. Next would be Logan, he's the youngest being only thirteen years old. And he totally acts like it, whenever someone says something he doesn't like he gets all angry and throws a tantrum. So maybe he doesn't act like he's thirteen, he acts like he's five. I'm not trying to be rude though, I'm just stating the facts here. Okay, Logan's hair is chestnut brown and his eyes are too. I find it quite odd that someone can have the same color eyes as their hair. I know, it sounds absurd, but it's just one of those things that bug me. Another one of the boys is Stephen. He's the only guy who is my age and the only guy that I actually pay any attention to other than Johnny. Stephen has light brown hair, kind of like the sand at the beach when it gets wet after a huge rainstorm. He is also almost the same height as me, but the one thing I find odd about him are his eyes. His eyes are a metallic silvery color. I don't feel like describing Sylar or Ally right now, because I don't like them, and because I don't think that anyone would like to claim them as their children if someone did find us. I know I wouldn't be proud to have them as my children. I don't know why I just began to write in this notebook, I've had it since the first day. That very first day all of this began. The first day was two years ago, yea; it wasn't just three weeks ago. Two years ago something just happened; I think it might've been a bomb. Maybe it was a nuclear disaster but everyone started to disappear slowly. But before that there were huge natural disasters. They were all over the news, a fire in London leaving it in ruins, a tsunami in Japan that also hit Hawaii. The coldest winter ever was recorded and the warmest summer, too. The only significant thing in America was that there was a huge outbreak of tornadoes all around the country. So basically, the world was falling apart. I felt like I was in the movie \"The Day After Tomorrow\" and that's not a good feeling. The last thing I remember seeing on the news was that a nuclear power plant in Japan had been set off by the tsunami, it was just like after the disaster in 2011, only more followed, and it was worse. The wind was very strong that season and it carried all the radiation across the Pacific Ocean to the west coast of the Americas. First my parents disappeared, then the neighbors, then the neighborhood. I stopped going to school after my parents disappeared in the first week or so. Then, when the neighbors started disappearing I packed up my stuff and just kind of wandered around. Wandering around trying to find other people, and people who were my age too. After wandering for about a year without seeing anyone I came across a very odd place in the middle of a big city, I didn't even know where I was anymore. There was a big field, a battlefield, in the middle of a city. I think anyone would have the same reaction as I did. Seeing the battlefield I stopped in my tracks, just seconds ago I was walking through what was left of a concrete forest and now a battlefield? At first I thought that I could've been in New York City, you know, with Central Park, just without all the trees. But it turns out we were somewhere a lot further away than New York City, we were in Montreal. Well that's what Stephen told me, he's the one who had been keeping a map of everything. Anyway, today was another one of those days where Sylar tried to take over. I don't remember why this came up once again but it did, he's a persistent guy. I overheard Sylar talking to Ally when they thought that I had taken the rest of the group to explore and get more supplies for our little campground. \"Ally, we should leave. The others are holding us back, they're going to start to take all the supplies for themselves and leave us to fend for ourselves,\" Sylar says in a low whisper. \"Are you sure? They seem nice enough, and they're younger so they wouldn't want to leave anyone out I bet,\" she replies in a voice barely audible over the wind whistling through the tall trees around where they stood on the edge of the battlefield. The next comment from Sylar I couldn't hear at all so I decided to leave before they caught me spying on them. I ran across the empty battlefield not quite at a sprint but close enough. I caught up to Johnny, Logan and Stephen near the edge of the city. It still haunts me that no one is here, it was such an active place before all of this happened. Stephen told us stories about how it was before the disasters. He said the skies were always blue with little to no clouds at any given time where he visited. The most beautiful part of the city, he said, was the sunsets. While the sun set over the horizon it painted beautiful colors across the sky, pinks and oranges and brilliant shades of red. But now the sky remains a dark shade of gray most days. The skies are filled with constant cloud cover and it rains more than it should, causing the ground to stay muddy for weeks on end. And now that it's getting closer to winter we've been trying to find a good place to make shelter other than in the battlefield. Sylar had us stay in the open to make sure that, even when we were sleeping, that no planes or helicopters would fly overhead. Obviously that hasn't happened because we are all still here, and I continue to write in this journal. Maybe someday someone will find it and read about what happened after these disasters. And I still hope that when this is over, if I'm not here, that someone will recognize it's me who's writing this entry. So after all of Stephens' descriptions of how this place was before the destruction he began talking about what was going on in the news the day he left his house. He said that a few of the nuclear power plants exploded in Japan and since the wind was blowing across the Pacific to the Americas it was possible that there could be radiation. That's what he thinks caused all of these people to disappear. But I think differently. If it was radiation poisoning we would see a whole lot more dead bodies around the streets. And to think about it, we haven't really seen any dead bodies around. Anywhere. After gathering a few supplies and more canned food for tonight I gathered the small group together and we all headed back. It was almost ten o'clock when we actually got back to camp. And guess who wasn't there. Sylar and Ally. They apparently left after they were sure I was gone. But there was no time to try to track them down tonight. Stephen was the one who finally said something. \"I personally think it's better here without them.\" Well, until I get more free time I won't be able to write anything more. So until then, let's hope we survive. ~Haley[Chapter 2] Day Twenty-Seven Date: August 17, 2016 This week has been so busy, that's why I haven't written anything. Logan has gotten sick with some kind of the flu that should go away in a few days, we hope. On the up side, Johnny found a good place to stay in the ghost city. The place is on the second story of an office building. Johnny then found a nice little house and brought a bunch of the furniture to the office building with Stephens help. So now we have our own little house, kind of. The office building is really nice; it's in the corner of the building so it is insulated quite nicely and another good thing. I only have to feed three other people other than myself, because Ally and Sylar left that day. We could've followed them, the snow had just fallen earlier that day and their tracks led to the west. But Johnny said that we shouldn't because it's better to worry about ourselves, not others. At this moment I'm sitting next to Logan who is lying in bed and coughing up a lung. I bet it hurts and I wish we could find some medicine for him, but we haven't had any luck finding anything but food and water. A couple days ago Johnny wanted Stephen and I to go explore, so we did. We wandered around the outskirts of the city for a few long hours in silence. I guess both of us didn't have a clue what to say. It was really awkward and I really wanted to talk to him, but I didn't know how to start. So we wandered around until we came to the edge of a patch of woods. I paused but Stephen kept going, so I followed. I had no idea why he kept going because we had seen wolf tracks leading this way just a few meters back. But he did. I followed behind him, letting him take a far enough lead so I could turn and run as quickly as I could if there was any trouble. After a few minutes the trees began to thin out and Stephen stopped and looked out over the earth in front of him. I stopped beside him; we were now both looking out over a vast field of beautiful red roses. The ground around the millions of roses was pure white with the blanket of new snow that fell the previous night. The snow only made it more beautiful, and I felt like I was in a scene from a romance movie. You know, when the two characters that both like each other haven't admitted it to the other and this is the scene where they finally do. I wanted to tell Stephen how I felt but I absolutely couldn't. What if he didn't like me? What if he made fun of me if I brought it up? So I decided to not say anything. We both walked in silence down to the field and stared until Stephen FINALLY broke the agonizing silence. \"How amazing is this? The one thing that survives whatever happened halfway around the world is a field of roses… I guess God wanted to tell someone something.\" \"Yea I guess so… don't you feel like this is a scene from a movie? It's so beautiful,\" I replied nervously. Trying not to hint too much that I liked him. \"Yea definitely... But we should get back so Johnny doesn't have to complain as much,\" Stephen replies not looking at me. Just after taking our last look at the field, as our gazes turned back toward the city. There was a blinding explosion. Orange flames licked at the skies and the roofs of other buildings. Skyscrapers crumbled and a huge cloud of thick black smoke rose into the clear blue sky, tainting it with hues of navy and grey. Stephen stares on in horror then sprints toward the city. Heading to the building where we left the others. But no happiness came as we stopped blocks away from the apartments. Our building was up in flames and crumbling as we arrived. There was screaming inside, calls for help. But those calls couldn't be answered. We knew it was Johnny. He and Logan were on the second floor. And it was too late, there was a sickening screech of metal as it bent and twisted under the fiery frame then the whole building finally collapsed on itself. Nine stories of iron and brick came crashing down on top of our friends. I turned away facing Stephen as he watched in horror right beside me. Stephen closed the distance between us and put his arm around me telling me it'd be okay. I cried into his shoulder for at least twenty minutes rambling on about how we should've gotten back quicker. As I did rain began to pour down from the heavens putting out the last of the remaining fires and cooling down the blazing metal. \"Katrina, we should go try try to find them. They could've made it,\" Stephen says in a very low, monotone voice. As if he was in actual pain from them dying. But I was more horrified to see if we found their bodies. Scorched with burns and crushed by the heavy iron or just ashes. Incinerated by the inferno. \"Okay, let's go find them,\" I reply sullenly. Not happy at all that we have to go find them. We both begin to head toward the wreckage and pick through bits and pieces of what's left of the building. Right before I turn over another slab I hear a faint call. A very faint voice calling out for help.[Chapter 3] Day Twenty-seven Date: August 17, 2016 \"Johnny? Where are you? JOHNNY!\" I cry out over and over searching for the location of his voice. I frantically turn over slabs of rubble in search of my possibly dying friend. \"Katrina! Over here I found him!\" Stephen yells a couple hundred feet away. I look up from my pile of rubble and see him waving his hands to get my attention. I sigh in relief, thinking 'thank gosh he's alive'. But once I make my way over to my friends I can see that he won't be alive for very long. He must have been in the most unluckiest places. There was a huge collumn of metal laying on top of the right side of his body. Only his head was unharmed from the bonecrushing weight. I knelt down beside the helpless looking blonde boy. His blue eyes pleaded with me to help him but he couldn't form any words with his mouth. \"It's gonna be okay Johnny. Stephen and I are going to get you out of this. Don't worry buddy,\" I say, my voice barely hinting at hysteria. Stephen notices though. I'm getting frantic, I have to save my friend. No matter what I'm never leaving any of them behind. I couldn't. We were like a family now, I find it impossible to leave a family member behind. \"K... Katrina... I'm s-sorry... Logan. He d-died... bef-fore the fire... t-too sick...\" Johnny manages to say under the weight of the column. \"Don't be sorry Johnny. It's gonna be okay. I promise me and Stephen will get you out.\" \"No... K-Katrina... I'm sor-ry.\" And those were his last words. Stephen and I finally managed to get the column off of him, we saw the full extent of his injuries. The whole right side of his body, all his bones were crushed and completely untreatable. So even if we had gotten this off in time he still would've died. His death was the most traumatizing thing I had ever seen. In front of me, just two feet away a sixteen year old, my friend, died. His stormy blue eyes stayed open as he passed, the color faded from his dazzling eyes, leaving them grey and almost colorless, like the rest of his body. May Johnny Thyson rest in peace. A few seconds later Stephen was beside me. Hugging me close, I noticed the salty tears that rolled down his cheeks first. He didn't even realize he was crying. I found that amazing but I had no time to think about it. Johnny was dead and so was Logan Parson. At least he hadn't died in this horrible deed. He had died of the flu. And I think I'd much rather die of a virus than in this tragic accident. If it was an accident. When Stephen and I finally pulled ourselves together we went to the edge of town to find a new place to get out of the bitter cold of the night. But after hours of searching we still couldn't find a shelter. And then it began to rain. \"Katrina, I think we should go back to the roses. The trees around there could give us plenty of shelter from the rain,\" Stephen said while walking beside me. \"Okay, let's go, it's a pretty good idea,\" I reply. So then we head off to the field of roses we found earlier. Just an hour later we arrived back at the roses, so Stephen and I went to work setting up camp. It was going to be a cold night, I could already feel the cool chill in the air as the sun began to set.[Chapter 4] Day Twenty-eight Date: August 18, 2016 Nothing to report here. I haven't seen anyone around, not like I would anyway. There's only empty space everywhere, all hope is lost.[Chapter 5] Date Fifty-Nine Day: October 11, 2016 The world we know is just a sad reminder of what used to be. Even when my little group arrived here, it has changed so much. The city is in ruins from the bomb going off almost all the buildings burned down. And I'm the only one left. Haley Anne McLenn. The only person left in this unforgiving wasteland. Just a few days ago I had buried my friends. Ally, Johnny, Logan, and Stephen. Poor Stephen. He had just died, a day before today.[Chapter 6] Day _ Date _ No more entries. The book is dead. But to one person it's not, that person was the rescue worker who came to find the survivors. His team had been assigned this area and he had been the first to find the girl among four newly dug graves. This diary was in her hands and a gun was beside her. There was no doubt she had shot herself. There were so many pieces of evidence. The empty shell, the bullet wound through the girls head, the ground around her stained crimson. I picked up the diary and read the last entry. It read: 'If anyone finds this diary, please read through and find our names. I was the last survivor out of my group. My name is Haley Anne McLenn. The date today is October 11, 2016. Goodbye lovely world, hold this as my last request.' Today is October 13. Just two days after the girl had shot herself. If only we hadn't stayed in the previous area as long as we did. We would've been on time. And we could've saved this poor girls life. But the end has come for her and her friends. As I slip the diary into my coat I lift the girl's hands and cross them across her chest gently. I then stand and turn away from the girl, I never look back at them again. Why would I? Katrina never wanted me in her group. That's why I left. Sylar Jakobson, the only kid to survive out of the group had made it. All on his own. And now the memory of his 'friends' would never live on. No one would ever see the diary again. Not until the day he died. hey everyone, sorry for the long wait and the horrible last three chapters. But I finished it none the less. I really didn't mean for it to turn out so short, but I hope it satisfies everything. It feels very good to finally finish a long story (I never have) and if you would, please comment ^_^ thanks for reading everyone ","Summary":" Scarlet Roses A field of scarlet roses… A sky turned red… A battlefield left empty by the ravages o"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Playgrounds","Author":"abeatticus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9431063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a sequel to my last story Homecoming . My Bridge to Terabithia stories follow the movie. I've read the book but like many others the movie had a strong emotional impact that somehow inspires me to keep writing these stories. As always I own no rights to either the book or movie Bridge to Terabithia. Chapter 1 Leslie hated running late. She prided herself on punctuality, being dependable. Yet, the past year had been a whirlwind. Never in her had she been pulled in so many directions at once. Success had a price and she was learning the hard way. Early morning interviews, crisscrossing the country for book signings, even a return to her old stomping grounds in Hollywood. Not that she didn't appreciate the good fortune after all the years of long nights toiling away on her books; it was every writers dream to have the success she was now enjoying. Most aspiring writers never even get published let alone gain public recognition. In fact life had gone beyond her dreams in so many ways. Still, what she wouldn't give for one day to just relax, sleep in her own bed, make her own meal and just feel somewhat…normal. \"Jess have you seen my phone?\" she asked rushing from the bathroom to the closet. \"Don't you remember we had it surgically implanted into your brain.\" Leslie's patience was in no mood for her husband's wisecracks. \"Jess,\" she knew to use her stern, yet not angry voice. It was kind of like a warning shot; get his attention without causing any damage. Within a minute he appeared behind her as she furiously got dressed. \"Here you go,\" he said handing her the phone. \"It was in that little bag you took to that party thing or whatever it was.\" That party thing was a current sore spot for the couple. Leslie's attendance sparked a fight they were still reeling from. \"Thanks,\" was all she could manage before returning to her frantic pace. She wanted to talk about it; she wanted to spend a day with her husband, with no distractions. They needed the time together if for no other reason than to work on dealing with the changes the last year brought; a vacation would be ideal but she couldn't see it happening, not now anyway. Leslie's meeting with her agent took precedence. Business before pleasure after all. At the moment she was definitely going to be late if she didn't get moving. She quickly grabbed her attaché case then cursed up a storm looking for her car keys. Why did her keys always disappear? Where could they possibly go and why did they choose to now to vanish? \"Leslie,\" Jess called out to her from the kitchen. \"Not now Jess,\" she yelled back. As she tore the cushions off the couch she heard the familiar jingle of a set of keys. Looking up she saw her husband holding her keys. \"You left them in the refrigerator.\" Leslie felt all the irritation drain from her as she looked at his face. There were times when those sad eyes she first noticed as an eleven year old reappeared. They were the soulful eyes of a puppy and they still cut through her like a knife through butter. She walked over to him, took the keys and hugged him. \"I'm sorry Jess,\" she said not wanting to let go. \"I'm being impossible I know and I'm taking it out on you.\" She felt his strong arms wrap around her as he gently rocked her. \"Just promise me an evening with just us. No calls, no friends, no work, just you and me.\" It sounded like heaven and Leslie wanted it as much as Jess. \"I promise,\" she only hoped she could keep the promise. She gave her husband a kiss and hurried out the door. \"Are you serious?\" Leslie wondered if she heard Kerri correctly. \"A movie?\" \"That's right,\" the pixie cut brunette replied sipping on a latte. \"Hollywood is knocking Leslie. Your book is going to be made into a movie.\" Leslie still couldn't believe it. The success of the book was overwhelming enough but this was beyond belief. Every writer dreams of this moment but its more fantasy than reality. The percentage of successful writers that have their work brought to the big screen is microscopic. She was about to become one of those few. \"I'm…I don't know what to say,\" \"Well, let me give you some more good news while you think about what to say,\" Kerri put on her black rimmed glasses and pulled out a hefty set of documents. \"In this stack of legal speak is a contract. A contract Mrs. Aarons for you to write the screenplay and serve as consultant.\" Leslie felt her body go weak. If she weren't sitting down she would've fallen over. It was more than she could process. A movie? A screenplay? Actually being on set. \"They want me to write the screenplay? Why wouldn't they just get an established screenwriter?\" \"Executive Producer personally requested you,\" Leslie had no idea who the producer was but apparently she impressed whoever it was. \"He wants you on the set. Oh, he just happens to be the director as well.\" \"I've never even written a screenplay, well not officially. Who is the director anyway? Did they just really like the book?\" \"Darren Roth\" the name gave Leslie a jolt. Not only was Darren Roth an up and coming director in Hollywood she actually met the man. \"If I'm not mistaken you worked on one of his earlier movies?\" \"I was an extra,\" Leslie said brushing aside the idea she was somehow an actor. \"You know I worked as an extra during college.\" \"Yes, and you made an impression on Mr. Roth,\" Kerri said with a mischievous smile. \"Didn't you actually get a few lines in that movie?\" \"Well, yeah,\" she said blushing a bit. \"It was fun but that has nothing to do with this book.\" \"It has everything to do with it Leslie,\" Kerri said pushing her latte aside. \"You made a big impression in a short amount of time. Now with the success of your book that acting gig is giving you the opportunity of a lifetime.\" Leslie was speechless. Is this what it feels like to win the lottery? For a moment she thought it must be a joke. Stuff like this just didn't happen; maybe on TV it did but not in real life. Kerri, however, wasn't a prankster. She was all business. As an agent Leslie couldn't have asked for better. Kerri Doyle was a fierce and fearless go getter when it came to her clients. She had connections and could spot talent like a hawk flying high in the sky looking for prey. Leslie used to think of herself as an energetic person until meeting Kerri. This woman kept a pace more in common with a tornado. \"This is incredible,\" Leslie finally managed to say. \"I know and believe me it doesn't happen every day. Now, I want you take this monster of a contract home, read through it, I've also emailed it to you but I know how you are about hard copies. Don't worry I've already had legal take a look and it's a good deal. The compensation…fantastic! After this you won't have to teach anymore.\" Leslie was ready to explode with excitement. She couldn't wait to tell Jess. This was going to be so good for them. Jess worried about money excessively. If what Kerri said was true they were going to finally get their head above water. \"Oh, by the way book signing this Saturday. You've got the details and the car will be by early to pick you up. Be ready to dazzle Leslie this is only the beginning.\" Jess sat at his desk sifting through a mountain of files. The paperwork never seemed to end. For a company that was supposedly going \"paperless\" Jess saw more and more of it every day. He didn't see how they could possibly scan all the documents, enter them into the woefully inadequate database and file the hard copies all while trying to automate the process. It didn't make sense and Jess decided it was healthier to stop trying to understand it. He pushed the stack of files to the far edge of his desk and headed to the break room. Luckily there was a fresh pot of coffee ready and waiting. He poured a cup, mixed in the non-dairy creamer and sugar and headed out to the patio. The patio area overlooked one of the numerous canyons that dotted the southern California landscape. Generally only the smokers came out here but Jess enjoyed the view. Every so often a coyote or deer could be seen making its way through the brush. It was an odd sight considering on the other side of the canyon rested another set of office buildings. One company after another occupied every inch of space they could squeeze out of the area. As beautiful as southern California was Jess felt they long ago lost their way. While not the urban nightmare of New York City it was still vastly overcrowded, increasingly expensive and the traffic was downright evil. He was convinced the sheer frustration of his daily commute had taken a year or two off his life. He wouldn't be surprised if he started going gray from traffic stress alone. He found he often missed his hometown of Lark Creek. For so much of his life he wanted out of that small town. Los Angeles was about as far away as he could get without leaving the country. At first it was exciting. The sheer size of the city, the tropical weather and endless amount of activities was overwhelming. For a time Jess even found he enjoyed surfing. After the honeymoon ended Jess began to feel resentment towards the city. It wasn't just California that bothered him. He couldn't figure out how he ended up doing what he did for a living. Documentation, database entry, filing and a number of other mind numbing tasks occupied most of his week. He never envisioned sitting at a desk working for some faceless corporation. His Bachelor of Fine Arts meant nothing in the real world. Securing a job with that kind of education and no experience was next to impossible. His dream of being an artist, of drawing and painting, creating something from nothing was all but dead. Bills had to be paid; he couldn't chase foolish dreams when the reality of life beat him down every day. His wife disagreed, rather vehemently. She often accused him of sounding too much like his father. Ironically, Jess finally started to understand what his father was talking about all those years ago. He understood why his dad was the way he was. Life wasn't about fulfilling dreams it was about surviving. You did whatever was necessary to put food on the table. At least that's what he told himself. Sometimes he believed it. Leslie was still a dreamer. She wasn't going to change and he loved her for it even if it frustrated him. Of course she was actually a writer. Her dreams were actually reality; not a very profitable reality but work she loved and that was more than he could say. Jess glanced at his watch and sighed. He finished his coffee and slowly walked back inside. A/N: For those that stop by and take a gander I appreciate it.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Leslie was still swimming in a feeling of euphoria as she pulled out her phone to call Jess. \"Come on Jess pick up,\" she said excitedly. Generally if he didn't pick up within the first two rings he was likely in the dungeon as he called the file room or in the bathroom. Jess refused to take his phone into the bathroom. It was a curious pet peeve she noticed. He couldn't understand how people could have a full-fledged conversation while defecating. She left him a short message and quickly called her parents. Leslie had to share her news with someone. She felt like she would explode if she didn't. \"Mom?\" she shouted breathlessly. \"I've got some incredible news!\" \"You're pregnant!\" Judy Burke answered eagerly. \"What? No…no mom I'm not pregnant.\" Ever since her marriage Leslie's parents were obsessed with having a grandchild. It was a relentless pastime for them. From name suggestions to establishing a collection of baby merchandise the Burkes were ready for grandchildren. Leslie found it cute at first but it began to wear on her; so much in fact she limited her calls home. It wasn't that she didn't want a child. Jess was eager, though thankfully not as eager as her parents, but with her career starting to take off it simply wasn't going to happen. She wasn't ready for the responsibility. When she was honest with herself Leslie knew at this stage in her life she was too selfish for a child. Her dreams were within arms reach, a child would be a foolish move. \"I thought you and Jess were trying?\" her mother protested. \"I never said we were trying mom,\" \"Maybe he should see a doctor. You know just to make sure he's…okay.\" \"Mom,\" Leslie's enthusiasm was quickly vanishing. \"Do you want to hear my news or not?\" \"Sorry hon, tell me this incredible news,\" Leslie relayed her morning meeting in full detail. Her parents were getting used to their daughter as a new star in the literary world but this was success on a whole new level. She never heard her mother shriek in such a manner. Her father quickly jumped on the line and before long an impromptu party was already underway. Leslie heard her parents pour two glasses of wine and toast her success. She wished she could join them. She wanted to go home, pack, pick up her husband and head to the airport. Leslie knew it was little more than a dream; she and Jess had not been home in nearly two years and her parents' last visit to California was over a year ago. Jess would more than welcome a trip home but it wasn't an option. Leslie was going to be here, there and everywhere in the next few months. She began to wonder how Jess was going to take the news. As happy as he was for her success with the book they had little time together in the past year. This was going to demand even more time apart. A twinge of anxiety raced through her as she anticipated her husband's reaction. After several heartfelt goodbyes Leslie hung up her phone, climbed into her car and drove home. She had plenty of work to do not to mention she was teaching tonight. \"Damn it!\" Leslie suddenly remembered she had class tonight. Her teaching schedule was thrown into disarray after her book raced up the best sellers list. That translated into three hour night classes. She wasn't even going to see Jess. He was already passed out in bed by the time she got home on class nights. They needed to talk about the fight from earlier. Her husband's jealousy was getting the best of him but she had to admit he had a right to be angry. Of course in the middle of a fight she wasn't going to admit that. Now resolving that fight and telling the most important person in her life the biggest, most exciting news she could possibly have was going to have to wait. Jess collapsed onto the sofa. He didn't bother with his usual after work snack and working out simply wasn't going to happen. He just wanted to sleep. Jess never could understand how sitting at a desk all day left him so exhausted. He certainly worked physically tougher jobs even a stint unloading trucks all day; yet never in all that time did he feel as drained as he felt now. He glanced at his phone. Leslie's message sounded upbeat and she followed it up with several texts. He wanted to call her but still felt upset. Even he recognized how stubborn he got when angry. He was still processing the feelings of his wife's newfound success. Most recently she attended a party at the celebrity heavy Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel. It was sponsored by her publisher and originally scheduled for New York City. However, the executives apparently thought Hollywood worked just as well. What irked Jess was not only was he not allowed to attend but Leslie didn't bother to tell him she was attending. They were supposed to share in each other's success and this was a huge success. His wife's explanation was that it was a \"company\" only affair, kind of like throwing a birthday party for a co-worker. He couldn't argue that; not telling him however riled him. Why did she hide it? In the ensuing argument his wife informed him his jealousy was to blame. Jealousy? She was always saying that. Was he jealous? There was no doubt he was happy for Leslie. She worked hard to earn her place. He genuinely felt joy just seeing her happy. Yet, what was the cost? When they just started out as a couple living in the big city the goal was simply survival. They took whatever work they could find to pay the bills. Ironically, that first year when the budget was stretched beyond its' limit Jess and Leslie were incredibly happy. Jess smiled as he remembered that first year. Of course in time and with experience they both obtained better jobs, more money and a slightly easier lifestyle. With that accomplished things became more complicated. They both had their dreams, Jess pursuing a career as an artist and Leslie as a writer; achieving those dreams proved truly challenging. With her connections Leslie was already making inroads into the publishing world. Several of her short stories were published in various writing magazines as well as online publications. It was just like their friend Kyle said so many years ago, people were drawn to her. Her personality was infectious and she had the talent to go with it. It just seemed to work out for her. Was that what he was jealous of? Her success? All of the attention she received…from other men? Jess felt his anger begin to rise as he thought of that party. Who was it that kept calling her? It was someone from that party and judging by the impression he made on his wife someone important or famous. Jess reread Leslie's last text message. Though upset he couldn't ignore her. He just wanted to be with her not start another fight. After all maybe she was right. He recognized his own jealousy even if he felt justified in this case. He fired off a quick text, \" Looking forward to hearing your news. I'll wait up for you. Love always, J\" Leslie packed up her books as the last of her students left. It was still an odd sensation teaching. She only completed her Master in Fine Arts a couple years earlier but was able to secure a part-time position teaching at her alma maters extension campus. She liked the work, teaching came naturally. Part-time didn't bring in much money especially given the locale. That, however, was no longer going to be an issue. Today's news was assurance that things were going to get easier for her and Jess, financially at least. Thinking of Jess she grabbed her phone and quickly checked her messages. She smiled like a school girl with a crush. Finally, she would be able to see him, tell him the wonderful news and just hug him. Her husband was making a gesture by staying up. He never got the best of sleep even on the weekends. Yet, he was willing to sacrifice some time in bed to see her. A feeling of relief washed over her. Now she just needed to get home. The good thing about teaching the night class was the lack of traffic. At least she wouldn't spend an hour getting home. She hated the traffic in Los Angeles as much as anyone but her husband despised it. He had the misfortune of hitting the highway at peak traffic both morning and afternoon. Though they both came from the same small town she adapted better to life in the big city. She often felt Jess resented having to move to California to be with her. They had their share of arguments about California in general but he never came outright and said it. Leslie, however, knew life in the Golden State was growing on him. He loved the cultural explosion that made the city; the world class museums, breathtaking scenery and endless variety of food. He even gave surfing a try. Jess had no gift for riding the waves, in fact he was the worst she ever saw take up a surfboard but his heart was in the right place. He once said he would go anywhere to be with her and he lived up to his words. It made her love him all the more. Leslie grabbed her bag, hoisted it over her shoulder and left the classroom. She rummaged through some paperwork before dropping it off at the administrative assistants desk. Another good thing about night classes was the empty office. Nobody around to pull her into a long winded conversation; generally she enjoyed talking to just about anyone but when she wanted to go home her patience ran out quickly. Racing to the door she never saw the figure standing in the lobby. \"Leslie Burke?\" Leslie dropped her bag and nearly stumbled into the door. She turned to see who called out to her and couldn't believe who was standing in front of her. \"Oh my God,\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Jess didn't know what to think. Leslie should've been home hours ago. He promised her he would wait up to hear this incredible news. Yet, where was she? He bounced between anger and worry. Was she in an accident? Should he go look for her? She didn't return his text message or call. Maybe her phone was dead. Pacing the apartment his worry and weariness were quickly being replaced with anger. She wouldn't stay late or go out with a friend without telling him. As busy as Leslie's schedule had been the last year she would let him know if she was going to be home late, wouldn't she? Then again she went to some fancy Hollywood party without telling him and that ended up being a late night. \"Dammit Leslie,\" he muttered walking into the kitchen. He dug through the refrigerator and found a bowl of left over pasta. When stressed, Jess turned to food. It wasn't such a big deal in his teens but now it had some negative side effects. He stared at it then patted his stomach. \"Better not, getting pudgy enough as it is.\" Instead he grabbed Leslie's large bucket of Greek Yogurt. She never stopped preaching the benefits of this yogurt. If it was so good why did it taste so bad? He scooped a portion into a bowl then sprinkled some ground cinnamon on top. It was the only way he could eat the stuff. Leslie used fruit but Jess preferred the cinnamon. He sat on the couch and started flipping through the channels. \"This really needs some sugar,\" he said surfing mindlessly through channel after channel. He finally settled on the news but wasn't really paying attention. From the images that flashed across the screen the world seemed to be in as chaotic a state as ever. One story focused on the deployment of US Marines to southwest Asia. Though the war was over it seemed the military was always being sent somewhere. Jess thought of his old friend. Kyle Travis was the only friend Leslie and Jess knew from their childhood that was truly close to them. He became their third musketeer fitting in seamlessly with the two best friends. Kyle was something of a balance between Jess and Leslie. He wasn't outgoing and like Leslie nor was he as introspective as Jess. Whatever it was that made him who he was he jelled immediately with the pair. He was especially dear to Jess and Leslie for bringing them back together after they drifted apart after high school. Kyle of course lived out his dream and became a Marine. While Jess and Leslie headed off to college Kyle ended up on the other side of the world in a war. Fulfilling his dream came at a price. After his first combat tour he clearly suffered from PTSD and was on the verge of suicide but a fortunate accident seemed to get him back on path. Jess and Leslie both feared for him when he deployed a second time. Though Kyle survived, left the Corps and made it home what they all promised would never happen in fact happened. They drifted apart. Even Jess and Leslie broke up for a time and somewhere in that interlude Kyle just vanished. Jess had no idea where he was. All he knew for sure was Kyle left Lark Creek. Jess continued flipping channels until he came across an old movie he loved. He wasn't all that interested in watching the movie but it distracted him, kept him from worrying or getting upset. It was kind of like filing a huge stack of documents. Once he was in the zone he drifted off into his own thoughts and went on autopilot. Hours could go by in the file room and he wouldn't know it. It wasn't long before his eyes got heavy and he started to yawn. Jess felt the overwhelming urge to sleep. Though he tried to fight it his fatigue easily won the battle. Leslie cursed herself as she neared the front door. Why didn't she pay attention to the time? Jess promised to wait up for her and now she shows up hours late. He was going to be so upset. It's not like they weren't having marital issues already but coming home hours after she should have been home with no call or text; things were about to get worse. She would've called but by the time she checked her phone it was already dead. She never anticipated having the kind of day she just experienced. Leslie carefully turned the key in the lock and slowly pushed the door open. Of course the quieter she tried to be the louder the door squeaked. Leslie tiptoed inside. The TV was on and she instantly recognized the familiar snoring of her husband. He waited just as he said he would. She didn't want to wake him he looked surprisingly comfortable. She carefully put down her bag and slowly made her way to the couch. Jess was still clutching the remote. She gently pulled the remote out of his hand and caressed his face. Leslie smiled as she remembered all the times they cuddled in front of the TV eating popcorn and watching old movies. That was their typical Friday night once upon a time. It was mundane but she cherished it. They seemed to all but disappear. She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes. The sound of his heartbeat, the warmth of his body comforted her like a nothing else could. Leslie clung to him as though he was going to fade away. For several minutes she enjoyed the quiet, well relative quiet given her husband's snoring. Still, it was peaceful and relaxing; so much so she didn't want to move. \"L…Leslie?\" Jess asked groggily. \"Hey babe,\" Leslie said kissing him softly on the lips. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry about tonight, I'm sorry about the party.\" Jess didn't say anything at first he just pulled her closer and held her tight. Leslie could feel him smell her hair he loved to do that. In fact he loved to cuddle with her and Leslie adored him for it. She had boyfriends in the past who viewed cuddling as a chore but her husband was different. Sometimes she they would sit for hours together reading the newspaper, a magazine or just zoning out in front of the TV. \"What happened tonight?\" he finally asked. \"I've got a lot to tell you including what happened tonight but I've already kept you awake too long. You need to go to bed.\" \"It's okay Les besides if you think I'm going to wait until tomorrow to find out this incredible news you're crazy.\" \"Jess, you'll be a zombie in the morning.\" \"I'm a zombie every morning. Now come on tell me.\" Leslie knew Jess wouldn't relent and she didn't want him to. She was going to burst if she didn't get to share her day.\" \"Well okay,\" she said kissing him again. \"But first we need to take a shower.\" \"Okay, but don't take too long otherwise I might be forced to make nachos,\" Leslie laughed. Sometimes she wondered if her husband was just tired or hard of hearing. \"Jess, I said we need to take a shower,\" she flashed a mischievous grin. \" We need to take a shower?\" he asked suddenly very alert. \"Yes, we do. Now come on.\" Leslie took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom.[Chapter 4] A/N: Initially I wasn't going to finish this story. It's registered very little traffic. Basically one person is following it. Taking Jess and Leslie into adulthood is tricky since we never see that in the book/movie. However, I've littered my page with unfinished stories. I hate that. These characters deserve a finish and I want to complete one last story in the Terabithia universe. Chapter 4 Jess stared up at the ceiling as he held his wife. She was asleep and he was surprised that he wasn't. They just shared their most passionate evening in some time. Usually Jess was fast asleep after such a night but his mind was racing, working over everything Leslie told him. He still couldn't believe what happened. It was incredible. The success of the book was one thing but she was going to be the screenwriter for the movie based on her book! That was living the dream. The financial rewards alone were mind boggling. They wouldn't be struggling to pay their bills. That would be a nice feeling one they never knew before. However, money really wasn't their problem. They were on a much tighter budget just a couple years earlier and were more than happy. Jess knew what really bothered him, what was preventing him from going to sleep. If Leslie's schedule was hectic with the book it was going to explode now. Once the movie gained steam the book would be tied into the promotion. That would mean even more time away making trips here, there and everywhere. As a couple they didn't spend much time together as it was but this would drastically increase that time apart. If he was jealous now he hated to think what this could do. Leslie was on the verge of achieving more than she ever dreamed and it scared the hell out of him. He gently slipped out of bed and silently made his way to the living room. Resting on one of their numerous bookshelves was a large photo album. He sat down on the couch and flipped on the lamp. Though the modern age of computers and digital photography had all but eliminated the need for actual photos Leslie preferred having something she could actually touch. She refused to read books on any type of electronic device. Leslie was a firm believer in book stores and actual books. She was passionate enough that her publisher had to remind her of the large amount of sales e-books generated. Jess never thought he would hear the end of that tirade. He opened the album and immediately smiled. Beaming up at him were the 11 year old versions of Jess Aarons and Leslie Burke or better put the King and Queen of Terabithia. \"So young,\" he mumbled to himself. The pictures progressed from grade school through middle school and high school. It wasn't just Jess and Leslie though. Parents, siblings and friends were intermingled through the journey. There were even friends Jess had never met. Leslie still kept in touch with her college crew and two of them actually lived in LA somewhere. Flipping through the pages Jess suddenly realized there were very few pictures of Kyle. Their closest friend was only in a handful of photos. Most were from the Christmas homecoming when the three were reunited after high school. Kyle was responsible for bringing Jess and Leslie back together. How odd that they didn't have more pictures. He found it very depressing considering how close the three of them were. Add to it that Kyle was all but gone from their lives and Jess felt a deep sadness. They rarely spoke of him and he wasn't quite sure why. Whenever Kyle popped up in conversation the subject was generally changed quickly. He always meant to speak to his wife regarding the matter but never did. He figured she didn't want to discuss it. She got like that sometimes. Certain subjects upset her enough that she avoided them. Jess found it odd considering she was so open about everything else. Jess grabbed another photo album off the shelf. It was smaller, plain in design. Opening it he realized he never looked through it before. It was Leslie's college years. As expected she was surrounded by friends in most of the pictures. Some of them he knew from Leslie's stories most he didn't. There were pictures from nearly every corner of California, from San Francisco to San Diego. Jess noticed a few Vegas excursions as well not to mention her time in Europe. He couldn't help but see the men in the photographs. It was no secret Leslie dated but Jess still felt jealous. 'She married you Jess,' he could hear his sister Maybelle saying. Besides it wasn't as if he didn't date in those years. Leslie, however, explored a whole new side of herself. She traveled the world and experienced things Jess could only dream of. While they shared Lark Creek and their personal playground of Terabithia Leslie long ago adopted the world as her playground. Jess often felt he somehow held her back. What would she be doing now if he didn't ask her to marry him? Leslie was still achieving great success but could she achieve more alone or with someone else? He knew there were opportunities Leslie passed on due to their marriage. She never told him but he found out. The last few pictures in the album showcased her career as an extra. Jess only knew a little about her time in Hollywood. She worked everything from commercials to television shows to movies. It was obvious she loved it. The smile on her face was bright enough to light up a room. There were even pictures with some famous actors. Though he never saw the pictures before he wasn't surprised. Leslie made an impression everywhere she went. Jess often wondered if she had not been a writer maybe she would have gone into acting. With Leslie there was no limit. She could've taken any road and found success. Jess put the photo albums away and sank into the sofa. What was life going to be like now? What would it mean for their relationship? What about his life? Now that they were going to have an influx of much needed money could Jess pursue his dream? As his mind pondered the possibilities of the immediate future Jess realized Leslie never told him why she got home late. \"Have to ask her about that tomorrow,\" he said as he headed back to bed. Leslie made a point of being up earlier than usual. Generally, Jess was up and gone before her but she had a busy day ahead and needed to get started. Not to mention she knew Jess wanted to know about the night before. Why was she late? She tip toed around that particular issue last night and managed to focus her husband's attention in other ways. Leslie wasn't quite sure how to tell him. The last thing she wanted was more drama in their relationship and it was likely to create drama. She couldn't avoid it forever but for the moment at least it was on hold. \"At least I'm not running late this time,\" she said making her way into her agent's office. Seeing that Kerri was engaged in one of her thousand calls a day Leslie quietly took a seat. She pulled up her schedule on the tablet Kerri gave her after her book hit it big. Leslie was more of a pen and paper type. Her stories generally started on legal pads before she transferred them to the computer. Her agent found this archaic and ensured she at least had a proper and modern way to track her schedule. Her next book signing was only a day away which was Saturday which meant another weekend separated from Jess. She wouldn't worry so much if Jess had friends to call on but in the past year he seemed to withdraw from his social circle. Of course the couple had mutual friends but they had seen little of them either. For a moment she thought of Kyle, their long lost friend. He was the glue of their friendship back when they met in middle school and always had a way of keeping them balanced. She hated thinking about him though. If she dwelled on it for too long disturbing images began to float through her mind. Though she never told Jess Leslie long ago figured their friend most likely committed suicide. The second tour of duty seemed to destroy what was left of an already fragile mind. Kyle was as kind and gentle as any person she ever met and to think of what happened to him was agonizing. So, she simply chose not to think about him. \"Leslie!\" Kerri's enthusiastic voice called out from behind her desk. \"Come in, come in!\" Leslie loved Kerri's zeal. It was comforting and downright infectious. \"Have a seat young lady. Now tell me how did your husband take the news?\" \"Well, he was happy,\" Leslie said a bit hesitantly. \"Jess has never been anything but supportive and we celebrated,\" she answered with a coy smile. \"But…\" Kerri inquired picking up on Leslie's hesitation. \"Darren Roth stopped by to see me after my class last night.\" For the first time in her association with Kerri Treadwell Leslie managed to leave her agent speechless. \"He was there personally? Just like that, no phone call, text…\" \"Yep, just sitting in the lobby. I nearly walked right passed him until he called out my name.\" Kerri sat back in her chair and played with the pen in her hand. Leslie could see the wheels turning and could only imagine what she was thinking. \"What did he want?\" Kerri asked a bit skeptical. \"First to congratulate me on the book, some small talk about when we first met then we started talking about the screenplay, my role as an advisor.\" \"This all occurred at the college?\" \"Well, no we walked over to a café. The cleaning crew was ready to lock up the building so we moved in that direction.\" Kerri said nothing for several minutes while twirling her pen. Leslie suddenly felt as though she was on a witness stand being cross examined. The unannounced meeting with a hollywood director was odd to say the least but was it wrong? If anyone could help her it was Kerri. \"So what did he have to say about the screenplay?\" \"He wanted me to know that inevitably some things would change from the book to the screen. I think he was trying to gauge my reaction to see whether I was open to that. He had some suggestions about screenwriting but it really felt kind of like an interview.\" Leslie fidgeted nervously as her agent again sat silent for a few minutes. Kerri was rarely so quiet. \"Leslie you are a bona fide star,\" Kerri finally said with a big smile. \"Your first book comes out of nowhere and blasts up the charts. Hollywood wants to turn it into a movie with you as the screenwriter and on top of that the producer/director stops by personally to discuss it with you. Amazing.\" Leslie felt a little more at ease. At least Kerri saw this as a good thing, one more step up the literary ladder. Then why did she continue to feel something about it was wrong? \"So this is more good news then? Because something about it feels…wrong.\" Kerri smiled warmly as she got up from her chair. \"If you're wondering if Darren Roth has other…motives I honestly can't say. It certainly wouldn't surprise me. You're a beautiful woman Leslie and you attract attention. You made an impression on him years ago and continue to do so. You're also one hell of a writer with potential you've only begun to tap into. Believe me the powers that be recognize that. Give Roth the benefit of the doubt but be on your guard. Hollywood loves a scandal and Darren Roth is a rising star. This is still an incredible opportunity and one that is going to take you to a whole new level. Never forget Hollywood runs on money. Even lust takes a back seat.\" \"My husband might not see it that way. If Darren…Mr. Roth has ulterior motives or even gives the impression that he does Jess will not be happy. I won't be happy.\" \"I'll trust you to manage that in your own way. Now let's talk about tomorrow's book signing.\" ","Summary":" This is a sequel to my last story Homecoming . My Bridge to Terabithia stories follow the movie. I'"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Once upon a Tsunami","Author":"2.28.08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4164822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Somehow that morning felt different, and it wasn't just because it Brian's 14th Birthday, the air felt cold and warm at the same time, it was really unexplainable. Not to mention that Brian's 2 year old golden retriever Stevie hadn't stopped growling ever since he had woken up. Brian decided to just ignore the strange behavior and move on with his day. As he walked half asleep into the kitchen he saw a small note glued to the fridge. \"Huh?\" he whispered to himself. Moving closer he picked it up and read it out loud \"Sorry honey your father and I had to leave early this morning, for a job interview with Casablanca Inc. We'll be back in two days though, be good and take care off your sister. P.S Happy Birthday, signed mom.\" \"Great, thanks mom and dad, and happy stinking fourteenth birthday to me!\" He sat down grumpily on the couch and started to flip through the channels. \"Why are you talking to yourself, again?\" Courtney said coming out of her room with hair in one hand and scissors in another. Brian just stared at her for a second and said \"Im not gonna even ask.\" Looking back at the screen he was starting to relax when all of a sudden loud barks erupted in the backyard. Startled he jumped to his feet and ran outside. Stevie was standing on top of the plastic table whining and barking, while snapping at the air. It wasn't just him either a lot of other barks and meows where being heard everywhere. \"Stevie, calm down boy!\" Brian yelled while struggling to hold onto him. All of a sudden the ground looked darker as if a huge shadow had blocked out the sun. Looking up he saw what must have been a thousand, no a million birds of different species all flying together at once, and all trying to get away, but from what? \"Something's not right here\" he whispered. Running back into the house his eyes caught a glimpse of red warning letters as they passed underneath the screen. A bit confused he walked toward the television slowly and began reading the message as it passed by a second time. WARNING: all inhabitants of South Florida must be evacuated at once. \"Huh\" he said getting a bit more nervous. Brian flipped through the channels quickly until he reached the news station, when he saw the picture of a huge Tsunami heading his way.[Chapter 2] A little struck with shock he dropped the remote. But that lasted less than a second because all of sudden Brian was all action. \"Courtney, come on!\" he yelled running to grab his dad's SUV car keys. \"What are you planning now dufus?\" she said slightly leaning into the wall with a smirk. \"Just for once in your life do what I say and go to the car.\" \"Why, so you can kill me?\" she asked \"yeah right,\" and with that she walked to her room. Yanking her by the arm he glared down at her for a few seconds until she finally said \"Alright, alright, I'll go with your little circus act.\" Forgetting his sister he ran to the kitchen and stuffed his hands on everything he could grab in the moment. \"Beep, Beep\" the car said opening the doors. Brian threw everything in and ran to his backyard. In that moment strong gushes of air stung his eyes, and rain started to fall as lightning shot from every direction. \"Stevie come on\" he yelled over the thunder. Jumping in, he turned on the car and then stared blankly at the wheel. Brian had only watched his dad drive once or twice so he didn't know exactly what to do, except push the pedal of course. \"How do you make this stupid thing go back\" he yelled honking the horn in frustration. \"You're supposed to press the R thingy\" Courtney said crossing her arms. Luckily Brian was tall for his age so he sat comfortably in the driver's seat but that didn't help much when he was so confused. Pressing hard on the pedal the car backed up and suddenly broke the mailbox. \"Oooooo\" dad's gonna kill you\" Courtney said in an annoying tone of voice. When he was finally on the road he started to get the hang of it and was moving inland rapidly. Touching the radio buttons he tried to listen to the news but Courtney insisted on listening to her music. \"Fine you win\" he yelled exasperated. Courtney smiled bobbing her head to the song. Then out of no where she gasped. \"Brian…Brian\" she whispered weakly. \"What, what do you want now you little brat\" he yelled. \"Look\" she said pointing with a plae face to the rearview mirror.[Chapter 3] Stevie started barking like a crazed wolf about to attack Stevienstarted barking like a crazed wolf about to attack. A wave about 15nfeet tall, murky black was chasing them at a fast speed. \"Ohngod\" he yelled. Stepping on the pedal the SUV started to gainnspeed, and he watched as some people just stood there on thensidewalks staring at a sure death. While other ran around not knowingnwhat to do. Thiernwas a korean father with a 3 year old boy and 8 year old girl gettingninto the car just like he was. An old couple sat on the steps ofnthier house, holding onto each other with eyes closed. And he saw ancat running on top of a fence with what appeared to be her lastnkitten. Thenwater was coming in at every direction now and mostly all the parkedncars were being dragged along for the ride. Thesenwaves were so powerful they were crumbling even the toughestnbuildings. In fact a piece of one came off and squished a 30 year oldnman flat to the ground. The screaming was horrible and he knew itnwould forever be locked in his head. \"Courtneynclose your eyes, okay?\" She just nodded covering her ears asnwell. All Brian said over and over again in his head was \"Thisncouldn't be happening, not today, not to him.\" Putnon your seatbelt\" he yelled over the thunder. Strangely shencontinued obeying him . Thencar was zooming past, making every thing blurry. \"HONK!!\" said anhuge, black truck passing by on their right lane. \"Ahhh\" theynboth screamed. The last thing Brian could remember seeing was the carnsmashing into the side of a building. And a huge explosion. ... Thenair felt moist against his skin that night. Waking up a bit hazed henpulled his arm out of the water and looked around confused, trying tonremember what happened. Henwas all damp and on top of a floating car roof, but his skin wasndirty, black from the smoke probably. \"Courtney\"nhe shouted shooting up straight like an alarmed deer. The place wasnfull of water. Buildings that once stood 5 stories high were floodednonly showing one floor sticking out, but Courtney was no where to benfound. Anlot of people were on roofs screaming for help but that was nothingncompared to the number still in the water trying to stay alive.nShocked he stared; it was all he could really do. And the calmncurrent now pushed him and his craft across the stream. \"Courtneynwhere are you?\" he said tired. \"OW\"ncried out a voice. He looked around and saw a girl caught in a carndoor, her leg bleeding. \"Holdnon\" he yelled. Using his hands he steered the float toward her andnhelped her up. \"Arenyou ok?\" he asked staring at the long slash on her leg. \"YeanI guess, I was coming out of my house with scruffy my little girlnwhen…. I don't know water came from everywhere and slammed meninto that car\" she said pointing to it accusingly. \"Listennhave you seen a little girl about 8 years old?\" Brian said. \"Umnyeah she went that way, she was holding onto a dog, didn't look songood though.\" Shensaid weakly her voice failing. Brian stared questioningly as she saidn\"I'm fine it's just the blood loss\" and with that collapsednonto the board. The girl seemed about his age with long blonde hairnand green eyes. Hencouldn't help but notice how cute she was. Shenhad blanked out and know Brian was trying to close the cut with thenripped off sleeve of his shirt. \"Ow!\" she yelled waking upnsuddenly. \"Who are you again?\" she asked suspiciously. \"Brian.\"nFor the rest of the night all was silent only low wailing and cryingncould be heard all over the city. Readnand REVIEW!! pLease lol[Chapter 4] Heyy guys just wanna let you know that ill be updating the next chapter only if I get 3 reviews… Heyynguys just wanna let you know that ill be updating the next chapternonly if I get 3 reviews….. so just take one sec 2 review and illnhappily update much faster!! Thennext morning the sun shone brightly, maybe too brightly. Brain wasndrying up like a fish out of water. He hadn't had food or waternsince the Tsunami's surprise attack. The girl wasn't doing sonwell either. \"What'snyour name again?\" Brian asked. \"Veronica\" she said dryly. Theynstared at each other for awhile with so much to ask but no attempts.n\"So….\" Brian said, \"How old are you?\" Smiling she said \"23,nyou?\" \"Haha\" he said rolling his eyes. \"Yournleg okay, it didn't look so great yesterday?\" \"Yeah its betternDoctor Brian.\" she said slightly smiling as she looked him allnover. \"What?\" \"Notthing\"nshe said looking away rapidly, but not before Brian saw the red innher cheeks. Suddenly the car roof stopped abruptly. Theynhad slammed into something and the car roof was starting to crack andnbreak apart. \"Can you swim?\" Brian asked nervously as his lifenline started to break apart. \"Not with this leg\" she yelled.n\"Well then hold on,\" and they dove in, salt water stinging thierneyes and all possible cuts and scars. \"Ahhhncold\" he said shaking. With Vero in one hand he doggy paddled,nkicked and did all he could to reach a log floating bout a mile away.nWhen he reached it and put his arms around it all the splainters dugninto his skin causing a trickle of blood to spill. \"Goodnthing thier aren't any sharks in... Miami Beach central\" he saidnlooking around. \"Yea...\" Vero said holding onto it as wellnbut with a softer grip. \"Wellnget on it already, one of us should\" he said after awhile. Clumsilynshe grabbed on and tried to balance her weight. \"Well this fun, Infeel like the titanic now\" he said shivering. Afternbarely 15 minutes something inttrupted the quietness. Driftingnpast them was a lady near her 40s covered in traditional Africannclothes. She talked in a strange language but seemed as pale as ansheet, as if a ghost had just choked her. \"Younokay Miss?\" Brian yelled out. \"She'snspeaking French\" Vero said. \"I studied it for 1 week but I cannonly make out 2 of the words, they're stupid though.\" \"Wellnwhat are they?\" Brian asked impatiently feeling the old lady'snstare on his back. \" Swimnquickly \"nVeronica said. \"What could she mean by that?\" Brian said givingnit much thought. \"Donyou think it's another Tsunami!!\" Vero said panicking. \"NonI doubt it.\" Theynthought in silence for a few seconds hearing only the old lady screamnthe verse over and over again, louder each time as she drifted awaynslowly. \"Didnyou just touch my leg?\" Brian said whispering it out as his eyesngrew in fear. \"I'mnup here\" Vero choked out. \"But then ……\" Brian was cut offnwith the sight of a massive gray shark fin coming straight at him.[Chapter 5] Im only asking for 2 more reviews so i can put the next one up Hopee you like it \"Jump on\" Vero said taking her legs out of the water rapidly. Brian jumped on the log making it bob around. \"Grab my hand, before Jaws over there gets you.\" The log started going around in circles where it came to the point that they were both jogging on it. \"At least I got my workout\" Vero said. \"Hello not that the time, there's a shark underneath us.\" By mistake Brian misplaced his foot and fell into the water, drinking gallons of seawater. Trying to gain focus again he swam to the nearest tree limb sticking down and pulled himself up. \"Brian!\" screamed Vero as the massive jaws jumped into the air. Dangling like a monkey he looked down after he was safe on top. \"Where'd it go to?\" Brian asked cautiously pulling himself up even more. Silence filled the air once again as a fin dove from out of the water towards the log, snapping it into two pieces. Veronica fell helplessly into the water and stayed under for way too long. Blood was coming up to surface but no their was no Vero in sight. Finally she came up for air, spitting salt water everywhere. \"Over here\" shouted Brian. She nodded half blinded by the stinging salt in her eyes. \"Hurry\" Brian yelled, not liking the fact that her leg had reopened, with tasty new blood pouring out for the shark. She came under the tree and looked up. \"Help me up!\" she yelled. Holding on by only his feet he dangled down pulling her up. In that moment the shark popped out opening his massive jaws and only managing to get kicked in the head by Vero. \"No way, my feet are mine\" she said looking down at the water. Barely managing to not fall into the cold water again, they fell on each other. Panting loudly they both stared for a minute. \"Sorry\" she said blushing, as she got off. \"Um it's okay….\" He said sitting up with a sly smile. The day passed on with no sign of the shark or a floatable boat. \"We're gonna die aren't we\" she said dryly looking up at the sky. \"No, not without me screaming at my sister one last time.\" After a short pause he added \"I promised my parents I'd take care of her, who knows if she's alive\" he said remembering the note. Then out of no where, came \"Row, row, row your boat\" \"That's not funny right now\" Vero said grumpy. \"It's not me Brian added. Underneath them passed a shatty, old row boat with a boy about 10 year's old on it. \"Hey hold on\" Brian said dangling from under the tree using his legs again. \"Whoa\" the kid said looking straight at Brian. \"Mind if we tag along?\" Brian said already jumping in. \"We? It's only you kid\" the boy said mockingly. \"That would be me\" Vero said jumping in, wincing at the sharp pain that just went up her leg. \"Hey no girls allowed!\" the boy said stubbornly. \"Excuse me?\" Brian said towering over him. And with that he said \"Welcome\" through clenched teeth. \"I have to find my sister, if she's still alive\" Brian added. \"So I'm taking over this boat, like it or not\". Day turned into night quickly and when all was dark with not one light left in the city, the rain clouds poured.[Chapter 6] They drifted along Main Street, staring at the underwater stores through what they could see in the murky water They drifted along Main Street, staring at the underwater storesnthrough what they could see in the murky water. \"Brian!\" Veronyelled suddenly. \"What, what happen\" he said running over to her.n\"Um I hate thunderstorms…. I really can't stan...\" and withnthat a big one exploded. She shrieked and slid down onto the floor ofnthe boat covering her face. He lay down next to her and afterndeciding whether or not to hold her, he gave up and just did. Shenshivered rapid waves of either cold or stress he couldn't tell andnhe held onto her tighter, his body heat flowing right onto her. Henalmost laughed when she spun around and held onto him crushing theirnbodies together, desperately trying to escape the horrid night. Thennight was slow and seemed to last forever but eventually the morningnrays came. They were welcoming after that long, wet, and cold night.nBrian woke up next to Vero, his arms around her waist, eyeing the boynwho sat awake grumpily watching them both, arms crossed sitting onnthe boats bottom. Ignoring his cold glare he turned around to starenat Vero, she looked so peaceful in his arms. Then without thinking henkissed her gently on the forehead, waking her up. \"Brian….\" Shensaid whispering. \"Sorry\" he yelped, jumping up and walking away,nhis cheeks immediately flushing red scarlet. \"No don't…\" shensaid grabbing at his wrist. Looking down for a moment he slid down onnthe floor again and she leaned on him, resting her head on hisnshoulder. And that's when Brian heard it, barking. \"Stevie?\" hensaid softly, then louder \"Stevie?\" the barking continued.n\"Courtney\" he continued to yell. He grabbed the row and paddlednfuriously at the water. The boat turned a corner and there on top ofnClaries destroyed roof was Courtney with Stevie and another dog. \"Infound them\" Brian told Vero, relief overpowering his senses. Stevienjumped into the cold water and swam towards the boat barking andnwagging his tail. \"I hate dogs\" screamed the boy just about to goninsane with all the craziness. Vero glared at him as Brian helpednStevie in. \"Stevie I can't believe you're alive\" said Briannplayfully wrestling with him. Vero steered the boat toward thenrooftop and found scruffy her own dog who had been washed away by thenwaves. The small Pomerian got up from Courtney's side and startednbarking wildly. That's when they saw Courtney's face for thenfirst time. Her forehead had a huge bump and blood streaked down fromnher hair. \"Courtney are you alright?\" he said looking down atnher. \"Just wait till mom and dad find out, you'll be in so muchntroubleee\" she said smirking. \"Dam not even a tsunami can changenyou, you little brat\" he said hugging her. After the reunion wasncomplete and everyone was content on their own little piece of solidnheave, the silence dawned on them until Vero just had to break it.n\"So what are we gonna do know?\" Vero said holding onto Scruffynwho struggled to get loose. A loud cracking made them all jump out ofntheir skins and stare at the oncoming attack slowly making it's waynacross the churning sea. ","Summary":" Somehow that morning felt different, and it wasn't just because it Brian's 14th Birthday, the air f"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Beat the Odds","Author":"fanwriter1245","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10764364","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This started out good, but as it went on, I kind of lost interest. I finished it anyway because I can't stand to have an unfinished story on my hands. It's like my ultimate pet peeve. And since this doesn't have a huge fanbase, I'm uploading it. It has its moments :) Erin was in love. She had been for quite a while. There was just one problem. The guy she loved was in love with someone else. It was like her favorite musical, The Phantom of the Opera. She was \"the Phantom\", he was \"Christine\" and the other girl was \"Raoul\". Or it was like her other favorite musical, Les Misérables. She was Eponine, he was Marius, and the other girl was Cosette. At least she could now sympathize with Erik and Eponine more than she used to be able to. Sam Hall was perfect in her mind. She had met him once when she had completely spilled all of her food at lunch on herself. Humiliated, she had run away to the bathroom to have a good cry and clean herself off. When she came out, eyes red and puffy, Sam was standing there outside the door, holding a shirt out for her. It was obvious that it was a guy shirt, but at that moment, she didn't care. Without a word, she smiled and went to go change. After that, the two of them talked and Erin found herself falling for him more and more. When she was about to ask him out on a date, he had revealed that he had feelings for Laura Chapman. Erin was heartbroken but did a good job of hiding it. Sam had no idea that she had feelings for him, and she wasn't about to tell him now. The thing was, she couldn't hate Laura if she tried. Laura was the sweetest girl Erin had ever met. They were on the academic team together, and Laura was always getting together with her so they could study for upcoming competitions. She was really smart, but she was also humble about it all. She could see why Sam fell for her. Sam ended up joining the academic team, but everyone knew he was really joining it so he could get close to Laura. The academic decathlon was approaching fast, and the advisor of the club needed to choose three people to go to New York City to participate. Erin knew that Sam and Brian were shoe-ins, so she hoped to get a good score in order to be able to go with them. Perhaps if she was alone with Sam, they could spend time together and he would start to have feelings for her. People from the club piled into the small classroom and each was given an answer sheet. The test was timed and everyone had ten minutes to answer all the questions. The three with the most correct answers would go to New York City. \"Good luck,\" Laura whispered to Erin. \"You too,\" Erin whispered back. The countdown started and the race was on. Erin had always been good under pressure. Ever since she was young, she loved the adrenaline that came with the pressure of having to finish something first. She was extremely competitive, but not like those people who got so competitive that they ruined everyone's fun. When time was called, there were a lot of groans going around the room from the people who didn't get to finish all the questions. The papers were taken to the teacher's desk and graded, while the rest of the room waited in agonizing anticipation. The teacher, Mr. Hayes, came to the front of the room with the papers of the three lucky people who would win the trip to New York. Erin mentally crossed her fingers, her toes, and anything else that she could cross. \"Brian Smith had the most correct answers and finished in the quickest amount of time. Sam Hall comes in second. And we have a tie for third place.\" Erin's heart began beating faster. She had to go to New York! She just had to! \"Because she finished in a quicker amount of time, Laura Chapman will participate in the decathlon with Mr. Smith and Mr. Hall.\" Erin's heart sank. There went all of her chances of trying to win over Sam. Not to mention she just lost out on a really cool trip to one of her favorite places. \"Erin Avery will attend with Mr. Smith, Mr. Hall, and Ms. Chapman as the alternate.\" Had Erin just heard right? She was going to New York? Even as an alternate, that was better than nothing! \"As for the rest of you, you all did a wonderful job. These were some very tough questions, and it's difficult to do them when you're timed. Practice doing these kinds of questions and timing yourself, and I invite you to all try again next year. Would the four participants please stay with me, and the rest of you are dismissed.\" \"We got in!\" Laura squealed as she hugged Erin tightly. \"I'm so happy for you!\" \"I'm happy for the both of us! Hey, you're the one that gets to compete!\" \"You're still coming with us! What a huge honor!\" The four of them approached Mr. Hayes at the front of the room. \"Congratulations to the four of you! This is a tremendous honor and you should all feel quite proud of yourselves! Here are your folders filled with everything you need to know about the decathlon. Your plane tickets are in there as well. Get some rest, and I'll be at the airport to see you off! I'm very proud of each one of you!\" \"Yeah, guys, we got in!\" Brian exclaimed giving them all high-fives as they left the room. \"NYC, here we come!\" Erin laughed, then noticed Sam wasn't joining in. \"Sam, are you okay?\" she asked him when they had made it outside and it was just the two of them. \"What?\" he said, as if he was finally coming back from la-la land. \"Well, you did just place second in the mini-competition and you're going to New York City, but you don't look very happy.\" \"It's nothing.\" \"I don't believe you. Spill.\" Sam sighed. \"My Calculus teacher failed me in the class.\" \"He what? Isn't that your best class?\" \"Yeah, he thinks I cheated.\" \"Why would he think that?\" \"Because he's not as smart as me.\" Erin gave him a small laugh. \"Why?\" \"I got every question right on the final, but I didn't write out the solutions because I just do them in my head. But since he can't do them in his head, and apparently he thinks he's the smartest guy on the planet, he believes that I must've seen the answers somewhere.\" \"That's just ridiculous. Are you going to tell someone? Like your parents, or our principal? So they can straighten this guy out?\" \"Look, don't worry about me. I can figure this out for myself.\" \"You're my best friend! It's my job to worry about you!\" she laughed. But I want to be more than your best friend! Why won't you give me the chance?! she thought. \"Well, I'll see you tomorrow at the airport!\" \"Yeah, see you then!\" Erin stared off at him as he went to get in the car with Brian. Why couldn't he see how much she liked him? Erin was thrilled as she wheeled her carryon with her after check-in and security. She saw the group all huddled together with Mr. Hayes there to make sure they got on safely. \"Hey, where's Sam?\" Erin asked. \"I don't know,\" Laura answered. \"He should be here by now. We're about to board.\" As soon as her words left her lips, they saw Sam running towards them. \"Hey, sorry I'm late. My dad was supposed to give me a ride but he was late picking me up…again.\" \"No worries,\" Laura smiled. Sam shyly smiled back, and Erin felt a surge of jealousy. Erin noticed Sam nervously fiddling with his carryon. \"You okay?\" she asked him out of earshot of the others. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" he answered without looking at her. She paused before asking, \"Are you afraid of flying?\" \"No,\" he said so quickly, she obviously could tell he was lying. \"Sam, it's okay to be scared. A lot of people don't like flying. But it's all going to be fine. The flight isn't too long, and all of your friends are right here beside you, okay?\" Sam smiled at her. \"Alright, fine.\" She playfully punched him. \"You'll be fine.\" They began boarding the plane after saying good-bye to Mr. Hayes, and Erin found to her dismay that the rows on the plane only had three seats, which meant she was separated from the others. She sat in the row across from them. Another wave of jealousy swept through her as she saw Laura sit next to Sam. Why couldn't it be her who got to sit so close to him? After everyone was finally seated and they were clear for take-off, the plane lifted into the sky. NYC, here I come![Chapter 2] The flight started off pretty quiet and completely ordinary. Sam looked ready to puke, but Erin knew he wouldn't dare do so in front of Laura. So instead, he scarfed down food to calm his nerves. If only Erin was sitting next to him! Then she could be there to comfort him! \"You all right?\" Laura asked as she looked up at him from her book full of practice questions for the competition. Sam nodded, trying to conceal his fear. \"He's afraid of flying,\" Brian told her without looking up. Sam glared daggers at him, and tried to pass off what Brian said. \"I'm fine.\" Erin knew he didn't want to look like a coward in front of Laura. Lightning began to flash outside, which made Erin nervous for Sam. It was really scary to be on a plane for him period, and being in a storm would not help his case whatsoever. The plane started to shake, but Sam appeared to not notice. There was a ding, and the sign that said \"Fasten seatbelts\" lit up. That wasn't good. \"You know,\" Brian started, trying to make up for his earlier reveal of Sam's fear, \"statistically, the chance of a plane going down because of turbulence is less than, what? One in a billion?\" He paused. \"Or is it a million? I can't remember if it's a million—\" \"Shut up, Brian,\" Laura scolded. \"Listen, Sam, don't pay attention to him, okay?\" There was another huge lightning flash that made Erin flinch in her seat. She didn't mind flying at all, but she hated thunderstorms. She always had ever since she was little. And being up in the sky during one did not sound like fun to her. \"Everything's fine,\" Laura continued. \"They're still serving drinks.\" Just as she said that, one of the flight attendants went to the one serving drinks and said something out of earshot. There was another ding and the pilot came on over the speaker. \"Folks, it appears we're gonna have a little bit of a bumpy ride here for the next few minutes.\" Erin's stomach knotted up, and she had no doubt that Sam felt the same way if not worse. \"Sam,\" she whispered across the aisle. He turned to look at her and no one could mistake that fear in his eyes. \"It's going to be okay.\" She didn't know if she was reassuring him or herself at that point. \"Please fasten your seatbelts and put your tray tables and seat backs in their upright positions until we get through this. Thank you.\" Erin quickly buckled her seatbelt and leaned back and tried to breathe. Suddenly, the plane took a small little dive that made Erin cry out in fear. The drink cart slid out of the flight attendant's grasp at the back of the plane and began rolling forward. Sam nearly got whacked in the face by the cart. The flight attendant buckled up in the front desperately tried to unbuckle herself before getting hit by the cart. She managed to stand up seconds before the cart crashed into where she had been sitting. Erin heard Sam hyperventilating across the aisle and wanted to go over to him and tell him it was all going to be alright. But she was just as scared as he was and could only concentrate on leaving the plane alive. Bags began to fall from the compartments above them. One landed right on Erin and she cried out in surprise. Then the plane finally stopped shaking and everything was back to normal. Erin looked over at Sam who was hunched up and pressed so far back into his seat, he was practically one with it. \"Sam?\" Laura said. \"Sam?\" He looked over at her. \"Can I have my hand back?\" she smiled. Erin looked at Sam's hand placed over hers and felt yet another surge of jealousy. This was getting old and she was already tired of feeling this way. This was going to be a long trip. Sam took his hand off hers and she moved her fingers around to get the feeling back into them. Apparently, he'd been gripping it pretty tight. They smiled awkwardly at each other, trying to pass it off. He looked over at Erin, who still had some stranger's carryon sitting in her lap after it fell on her. \"Are you alright?\" he asked. She smiled. \"Yeah, luckily this bag wasn't too heavy. No broken bones that I'm aware of. How about you? That was rough.\" \"I'm fine.\" Suddenly, the oxygen masks released in front of everyone because of the turbulence, surprising Erin once more. Great. Nearly two heart attacks, and the competition hadn't even started yet. After finally getting off that deathtrap, as Sam was calling it, the four of them hitched a cab, and made their way to the competition. With the weather getting bad, there were cars everywhere and they were at a standstill. Good old New York traffic, Erin thought. \"Excuse me, sir?\" Laura said to the driver. \"We're really late.\" \"We're almost there,\" he responded shortly. Brian looked at his map of the city. \"We're only two blocks away,\" he noted. \"Let's walk,\" Sam replied. The four of them exited the car and hurried to the competition. As they grabbed their bags, Sam looked up at the sky and the others followed suit. Hundreds of birds were flying south, but it wasn't really winter yet. It seemed a bit early for them to be flying south, especially all of them at once. \"Is that normal?\" Erin asked. \"I don't know,\" Sam answered. They rushed to the competition and just barely made it on time. Brian, Sam, and Laura walked to their designated table while Erin sat to the side and watched them compete. As much as she wished she could be the one competing, she knew Laura deserved the spot more than she did. The competition began and questions were fired from the administrators. Several questions later, the question was asked, \"In 1532, Spanish Conquistador Francisco Pizarro defeated this Incan Emperor at the Peruvian highland town of Cajamarca. What is his name? Time.\" Erin looked at her team and saw Laura with a horrified blank look. She didn't know the answer. She watched Brian and Laura discuss the answer and Laura frantically looked at the time. They only had three seconds! It's Atahualpa! she screamed in her mind. Sam said something which must've been right because Laura quickly wrote it down on the paper and handed it to the administrator. He looked at the answer and held it up, signaling they had gotten it right. Erin smiled at her team. She wasn't angry at Laura for not kowing the answer, and didn't have that attitude where she kept thinking, \"I'm so much smarter than her. It should be me.\" Even though she knew that one and Laura didn't, there had been several questions Erin hadn't known the answer to. Which is exactly why Laura was sitting at that table and not Erin. Suddenly, Laura began to cough a lot and the administrator who had taken their paper went over to her. They were talking and Erin couldn't make out what they were saying. The administrator held up his hand, and signaled for the competition to be stopped for a second. \"There will be a substitution for Woodmont. Erin Avery will be substituting for Laura Chapman.\" One of the female administrators took Laura's arm and escorted her out of the room. Laura passed Erin and whispered to her so no one else could hear her, \"Your turn. Good luck.\" She was faking. Laura was faking being sick so Erin got a chance to compete. She couldn't believe she would do something like that. She was a really, really good friend. Erin took her seat in between Sam and Brian and nodded to the front, and the competition resumed. \"We will now resume the decathlon. Next question. In what year did Louis Quatorze ascend to the throne of France? Time.\" \"1643,\" Erin whispered to her teammates without hesitation. The two boys nodded, and she scribbled the date onto the paper. They got it right. Sam smiled at Erin and she felt butterflies start to whiz around in her stomach. She forced herself to stop and focus on the competition. Laura just gave up her seat willingly and Erin was determined to not mess up their current score they had all worked so hard for. The questions continued, and Erin didn't know the answer to a couple of them, but Sam gladly took over on those two. Nevertheless, both he and Brian seemed pretty impressed that she knew so many of the answers, especially the dates, which were tricky things to remember. Perhaps she still had a small window? After the first round, there was a fancy dinner for all of the contestants. Erin and Laura decided to get ready for it together and help each other with the other's hair. \"Laura, why did you do that today?\" Erin asked as she waited for her curling iron to heat up in the bathroom. \"I've been an alternate before, and I know it's not much fun watching everyone else compete while you're sitting there, wishing you were there. I wanted you to have a chance to show what you got too. And you most certainly did! Brian told me that you knew a lot of the answers to the questions!\" Erin smiled shyly. \"I just have a thing for remembering dates. I don't know what it is, but I've always been able to knock off the date questions on tests!\" \"That's good because I'm awful with dates!\" The girls laughed and went about getting ready. Erin pinned up half of her hair in tight curls on the back of her head, and curled the rest that hung down her back. She wore a simple white strapless dress that hugged her petite form, but not so tight that she looked like she was trying to pick up guys with her body. Laura simply curled all of her hair and wore a black dress with a neckline that dipped and layered a little. \"Go on ahead,\" Laura called from the stall. \"I'll meet you down there!\" \"Alright! See you there!\" Erin called back. Erin took a deep breath at the top of the stairs. She looked really good, and that didn't happen often. Maybe when Sam saw her, something would click? She slowly walked down as her eyes scanned the crowd for her friends. She spotted them and walked over, the butterflies starting up again. \"Hi, guys!\" she called. \"Wow, you look really nice!\" Sam said. The butterflies began to fly harder. \"Thank you!\" \"Look at all these nerds…\" Brian remarked softly. Erin gave him a \"look-at-yourself-because-you're-the-biggest-nerd-here\" look. \"Hey!\" Laura called as she walked over to join them. Sam stared at her. \"You look beautiful.\" Erin wanted to burst into flame. There went that idea. \"Thanks!\" Laura smiled. \"This place is incredible! Do you believe that this is their cafeteria?\" This really cute guy walked up to them and Erin recognized him from their rival team, who was almost as good as they were. Almost. \"You played a great first round,\" he told Laura. \"So did you,\" she answered. \"These are my teammates, Sam, Brian, and Erin.\" \"Right, you took over for her, didn't you?\" he asked Erin. She nodded back at him, really losing interest in conversation. \"I'm Laura.\" \"I'm J.D. By the way, how are you feeling?\" \"Oh, I'm fine. I don't know what came over me, but it's all good.\" She flashed Erin a quick smile, and Erin couldn't help but smile back. \"Your school is amazing.\" \"Would you like—would you like a tour?\" he asked. Laura quickly glanced at Sam as if making sure it was okay with him. When Sam didn't say anything, she responded, \"Sure. That'd be great.\" She handed Sam her glass. \"Could you hold this for a sec?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Sam replied, hiding his aggravation pretty well. \"Thanks!\" Erin watched her go and felt angry, but not necessarily at her. She was just frustrated that Laura seemed to get all of the guys' attention while she was left in the dust. She couldn't get Sam's attention, and now she couldn't even get this new guy's attention. It wasn't Laura's fault she had been blessed with such a nice personality and super good looks. It's just the way it happened. \"Man, you got some serious competition,\" Brian remarked. \"Please,\" Sam scoffed. \"I'll bet he's really rich, too.\" \"Shut up.\" Erin's mood was getting worse and worse and she felt frustrated at herself for feeling this way and frustrated with Laura for getting all the guys and she just wanted this whole thing to be over with. She had been so excited, but there was no way Erin ever had a chance with Sam if Laura was in the same room. \"I think I'm just gonna call it a night,\" she said to her friends. \"But you just got here,\" Sam told her. \"You know, I don't think I'm feeling so hot, and I want to be well rested for the second round of the competition.\" She turned around and at the bottom of the stairs, she felt hand on her arm. \"Hey, are you alright?\" It was Sam. He was concerned about her. But that was what a good friend did. That's all it was. He was trying to be a good friend. \"Yeah, I'm just really tired. That first round kind of drained me.\" \"You only played half the round. If anything, Brian and I should be tired. What's up?\" \"I'm fine, okay? Just drop it.\" She raced back up the stairs, thankful she was wearing her flats and not her heels. Once back in the bathroom, she shut the door firmly behind her. She felt like Eponine alright. If she knew she didn't have such a terrible voice, she might've started belting out \"On My Own.\" Yeah, right, that wouldn't give her away. She looked at herself in the mirror. So much work for about five minutes of showing it off. All that time spent on her hair, and she was about to take it out. What did it matter anyway? She had always sworn to herself she would never get so beat up about a guy, but the feelings for him were too strong to just push down and ignore. It was a lot harder to deal with these when he and Laura flirted in front of her every twenty seconds. With a sigh, she changed out of her nice clothes and took her hair down before throwing it into a messy bun. At least this was more comfortable, and it wasn't like Sam was going to notice her no matter what she dressed in.[Chapter 3] The next morning, the rain was still pouring outside and had been for hours on end. Everyone was piled in front of the TV watching the news with horror. Several tornados were ripping through Los Angeles at a devastating speed, destroying everything in their path. Some of the tornados had merged together to form one huge one. It was a scary sight indeed, and Erin felt terrible for all those people so close to death. \"It-it-it looks like some sort of huge horrific, terrifying nightmare,\" the news anchor screamed over the roar of the tornados behind him. \"Only this is the real thing!\" Suddenly, the anchor got crushed by a sign that flattened him in seconds. Gasps and screams erupted from the group huddled around the small TV. The scene changed to a helicopter view, and a woman in the background said with a somber tone, \"What you're seeing is what's left of downtown Los Angeles.\" Brian came up behind Sam. \"Hey, man, I just got off the phone with my mom,\" he said quietly to him. Then he announced to the whole group, \"Um, excuse me, you guys. I'm really sorry, but we need to change the channel.\" This was met with groans and sighs of exasperation. Brian went up to the TV and switched the channel to another news station also reporting on the tornados. The screen showed an airport and cancelled signs for all flights. Another woman explained, \"The F.A.A. has grounded all air traffic in the United States. Unfortunately, the order came too late for two planes that were brought down by severe turbulence in the Midwest.\" The screen showed a terrifying image of two planes smashed on the ground, and no survivors. \"So much for one in a billion,\" Sam said quietly to Brian. Before the second round could even start, an awful smell filled the room. Everyone looked around, trying to figure where the horrid odor was coming from. One of the administrators ran into the room, obviously a bit frantic. \"Ladies and gentlemen, all of the rain has caused the sewage system to malfunction. It hasn't stopped raining for far too long and they are closing the tunnels and some of the subway systems. Due to this unfortunate weather occurrence, we are cancelling the rest of the decathlon. We are currently trying to find places for you all to stay while in New York City since most transportation systems are down. So please stand by, and wait for us to figure out where you are all going. Thank you and we apologize.\" Groans filled the room once more. Most of these people had spent years trying to get to the decathlon, here they were, and now everything was ruined. Erin just wanted desperately to be home now, safe and sound with her parents and her younger brother by her side. Everyone took turns using the payphones to call their parents and tell them the unfortunate news. \"Hi, Mom,\" Erin said as her mother picked up. \"Hey, baby, is something wrong?\" \"Well, all the rain we've gotten has backed up the sewage system and they just cancelled the rest of the competition.\" \"Oh, no! I'm so sorry to hear that!\" \"They're trying to find a place for us to stay since all planes are grounded and the subways are stopped. We're trying to get on a train tomorrow, but we'll have to see how it plays out.\" \"Okay, well keep me informed and let me know what I can do.\" \"Okay, thanks, Mom. Don't worry, I've got Laura here with me so I won't be alone with the guys.\" Her mother laughed. \"I know. I love you, sweetheart.\" \"Love you too.\" \"I'll see you soon. Bye.\" Erin hung up the phone and moved out of the way so the next person could use it. She then rejoined her group and noticed that J.D. was with them. \"Hey, guys,\" Erin said. \"Hey, J.D. was telling us we could stay at his place,\" Laura told her. \"Really?\" \"Hey, Sam!\" Laura called. \"Guess what? We got a place to stay!\" Erin didn't want to go to a stranger's house. She wanted to go home. She felt safe at home. But there was nothing she could do and having a bad attitude about it all wasn't going to help anything. \"Hey, thanks for bringing us here,\" Laura said sweetly. \"I couldn't let you leave New York without seeing the Natural History Museum,\" J.D. replied. To get their minds off the competition being cancelled, J.D. had decided to take everyone to the museum and then they would go back to his place to crash. \"Of course not,\" Sam added in sarcastically. \"It's the world's finest collection of stuffed animals.\" Erin giggled. He was so cute when he got jealous. Laura gave him a sharp look, silently telling him to behave. \"Hey, guys,\" Brian said. \"Check this out.\" Everyone went to go look at an exhibit of a huge mammoth. \"'The body of this mammoth was found perfectly preserved in the Siberian tundra,'\" Brian read, \"'with food still in its mouth and stomach, indicating that it froze instantly while grazing.'\" That was disgusting. And super creepy. Just to think that an animal could have frozen solid in seconds sent a chill down her spine, no pun intended. They toured the rest of the exhibits and it was clear that J.D. kept flirting with Laura, much to Sam's dismay. But Erin could tell that Laura was just being nice to him, and she wasn't interested in him the same way. As they exited the museum, J.D. called his driver and they rode back to his house to crash for the night. \"Good evening, sir!\" the doorman called out as they got out of the cab. \"Hey, Harold! Thanks, Victor! I'll see you in the morning.\" \"Very good, sir! Boy, this guy really was rich! A private driver, and a huge place like this to stay? It was a bit much to take in! \"Terrible weather!\" Harold said as he held an umbrella over as many people as he could. \"Tell me about it!\" They went up to the top floor where J.D. lived. It was absolutely huge! \"You live here?\" Laura asked, obviously surprised. \"Just on the weekends,\" he answered. \"It's my dad's place, and he's kind of never around, so…\" \"Where is he?\" Sam asked. \"Skiing in Europe with my stepmom,\" he said, the disdain apparent in his voice. Laura took up a picture with J.D. and a younger boy. \"Is this you and your brother?\" she asked. \"Oh, yeah. That's when we took a bike trip together.\" \"You're close with him?\" Erin asked. He smiled. \"We couldn't be closer. After Mom passed away and Dad sort of lost it, he looked up to me, and I had to kind of fill the position of Mom and Dad.\" Sam and Brian went over to the window. \"It's been raining like this for three days now,\" Brian remarked. A huge clap of thunder tore through the sky following a bright flash of lighting, making Erin jump a little. Laura smiled. \"It's just a storm.\" Erin smiled back sheepishly. \"I know.\" \"Come on, let's get changed. I'm exhausted.\" Erin obliged and followed her to a huge bedroom that easily could've housed several people at once. \"This place is amazing. I'd kill to live here!\" Erin said as she took in her surroundings. Laura laughed. \"Well, maybe if you're ever in New York again, you can ask J.D. for the place!\" They changed into pajamas and Laura took the bed while Erin took the pull-out couch. Erin tossed and turned for a couple hours, the thunderstorm keeping her awake. Finally, she got up and put her sweatshirt on, then went to the living room, turned a dim light on, and just sat on the couch. There was a small noise behind her and she saw that J.D. was awake. \"What are you doing up?\" he asked as he ran his fingers through his curly hair. He was wearing a simple t-shirt, and plaid pajama bottoms, and she had to admit that even though he had just gotten up, he looked kinda hot. She smiled sheepishly again. \"Couldn't sleep.\" \"The storm keeping you awake?\" \"You could say that.\" J.D. came and sat on the seat opposite her. \"You know, you don't have to be embarrassed about being afraid of thunderstorms.\" Erin didn't respond for a while, before she finally said, \"What gave it away?\" \"You've seemed really tense ever since the thunder and lightning picked up. And now you're wide awake at three in the morning.\" Erin smiled. \"Well, you're right. I've hated thunderstorms ever since I was a kid. I guess I never grew out of the phobia like most kids usually do.\" J.D. smiled. \"That's nothing to be embarrassed about. Lots of people hate thunderstorms.\" Erin noticed that this was sounding really similar to her talk with Sam about his fear of flying. \"No one I know does.\" \"Well, there's an easy trick to getting over them. Here, lie down.\" When Erin gave him a sharp look, he added, \"Trust me.\" Erin hesitantly did as she was told and laid down on the couch. \"Now,\" J. D. continued, \"close your eyes.\" Erin did so, but had to admit that she was a little nervous. She didn't know J.D. very well, and had no idea what he was getting at. \"Whenever you see a flash, think of it as a spark happening between you and a guy you like. Then, when the thunder follows, think of it like both of your hearts pounding because you both like each other so much and you're nervous.\" Erin opened her eyes and scoffed. \"That's really cheesy.\" J.D. took her hand in his. \"Just do it.\" Erin closed her eyes again, and could feel J.D.'s hand getting hotter from their body heat transferring to one another. She saw a flash through her closed eyes, and imagined a spark between her and Sam. But the image of Sam suddenly was replaced with J.D. She almost opened her eyes and bolted upright, but the last thing she wanted was J.D. asking her what was wrong. There was no way she could explain to him what just happened. She wasn't even sure she could explain it to herself. Her heart began to pound in time with the thunder that followed the flash. J.D.'s plan worked, for within minutes, Erin was sound asleep on the couch.[Chapter 4] Erin awoke when she heard people's voices and shuffling around in the apartment. She slowly sat up and stretched out her muscles, seeing that the storm was still raging on outside. \"Hey,\" Laura said. \"What are you doing out here? Did I keep you awake?\" \"No, no, it was nothing like that. It's just that…the bed was kind of uncomfortable.\" She and J.D. made eye contact as he listened to their conversation and he smiled at her. For some reason, his smile made her stomach lurch and she could feel a blush crawling up on her cheeks. Luckily, Laura didn't seem to notice. \"Well, they've delivered breakfast up for us if you're hungry.\" Erin got up and ate with everyone before they all went off to separate rooms to change into their clothes. When Erin came out to the living room, everyone was sitting in front of the TV watching another news report about the horrible weather, while J.D. was on the phone with someone. She managed to hear the news anchor announce that the train platforms were flooded and therefore no trains were running at all. Her heart sank at the horrible news that she was now stuck in New York for an indefinite amount of time. \"Victor's coming to pick me up,\" J.D. announced. \"Do you guys want a ride to the train station?\" \"Not anymore,\" Brian stated solemnly. Erin sighed. \"Can I borrow your phone?\" she asked J.D. \"I really need to call my mom.\" \"Yeah, sure,\" he answered, not taking his eyes off the screen. Erin dialed her mom's number and waited for the other end to pick up. She didn't answer so Erin had to leave a message. \"Hey, Mom. It looks like the train station is flooded and so no trains are running either. Until this weather clears, it looks like I'm going to have to stay here in New York. I'll try to be home as soon as I can and keep you updated about what's happening. I love you, Mom. Bye.\" She hung up and walked back over as J.D. told everyone, \"I gotta go pick up my little brother. Do you guys want a ride?\" \"Where is he?\" Laura asked. \"He's in a boarding school in Philadelphia.\" It didn't seem like they had any other choice, so everyone packed their bags and began to head out. J.D. got a call on his phone and it appeared to be Victor on the other line. \"Okay, bye,\" he said as he hung up. \"Victor's stuck in traffic on Fifth Avenue. It'll be easier to head out of town if we meet him over there.\" \"All right,\" Sam answered. \"You mean walk?\" Brian asked, holding the elevator open. \"No, not in this.\" The lights began to flicker which made Erin uneasy. She was already jumpy about the storm and having the power go out would not help her case. \"We should take the stairs,\" Sam said. \"We're on the top floor!\" J.D. countered. That's when the power went out completely, and Erin's heart starting pounding even more than it already had been. \"I guess we're walking,\" Brian said as they headed down the stairs. Erin bit her bottom lip and could feel herself start to tremble. Then she felt an arm go around her shoulders. \"Just remember what I told you last night,\" J.D. said so only she could hear. Erin smiled at him and could feel her cheeks start to grow hot again. But it wasn't like she actually liked him, right? When they finally made it to the door, they were greeted with flooded streets and traffic at a complete standstill. The rain continued to pour down relentlessly as people got out of the cars and just started walking with their umbrellas. \"Maybe we should just stay here,\" Laura said. \"I think the young lady is right, sir,\" Harold agreed. \"No,\" Sam argued. \"We need to get home.\" \"How are we gonna get home with no means of transportation?\" Erin asked. \"We've just gotta get to Victor and then we'll be fine.\" Without waiting for an answer, Sam took off and they had no choice but to follow. Erin got drenched in less than ten seconds and it didn't take long for her to feel chilled. Her teeth began to chatter, but she tried not to show it. \"Come on, guys! This way!\" Sam urged. They kept wading through the rising water until they stopped in front of the public library. \"I can't reach my driver! I lost the signal!\" J.D. shouted over the chaos. \"This is insane!\" Laura responded. \"We should just go back to your apartment!\" \"Yeah, I vote for that!\" Brian added. \"What? Are you kidding? We have to get higher!\" Sam told them. \"Come on! Up to the library!\" They all followed him up the stairs to the library, Erin's panic rising inside of her. Being outside in the middle of the storm was even worse than trying to sleep during it. J.D. seemed to sense her uneasiness and took her hand in his once again. Despite the rain, his hand felt warm to the touch. \"It's okay. We're just gonna get to the library and then you'll be just fine.\" She nodded her head, silently thankful he was helping her get through this. The truth was that she had probably never been so scared, and at least he was keeping her levelheaded. \"Hey, where's Laura?\" Sam asked. The group looked around and realized they were indeed one female short. \"She's right there!\" Erin announced. \"She's—She's by a cab talking to someone, I think.\" \"What—What is she doing?\" They watched as Laura was evidently helping a policeman get two people, a mother and child, out of the cab they were trapped in. Once they were finally out, they all started to come back up to go inside the library. Suddenly, the woman started yelling something in French, which Laura said she was saying that they left their passports in the cab, and she would go get them for her. Erin watched her go and then saw with overwhelming horror a huge…no, colossal wall of water heading straight for them. Laura didn't notice it as she tried to get the bag, and without thinking, Erin ran straight for her to save her. \"ERIN!\" she heard J.D. yell after her. \"LAURA!\" Sam screamed. All Erin could focus on was getting to her friend in time. She seemed to be moving in slow motion, like it was impossible for her to reach her before the wall hit the both of them. \"Laura!\" Erin screamed. Finally having got the bag from the cab, Laura turned to her friend. Erin grabbed Laura's hand and dragged her away, trying to make it into the library. Laura turned her head and began to run faster once she realized why Erin was so panicked. The two boys had run to the girls and Sam grabbed Laura while J.D. got Erin. They tried to run as fast as they could, the wall getting closer and closer to them. \"Come on, Erin!\" J.D. screamed. Erin felt like her lungs were about to burst, but they all successfully made it into the library. They ran up the stairs to try to make it to the higher levels, but Erin tripped on the stairs. \"Erin!\" J.D. cried. Erin turned to look at the windows when the wall of water crashed through the glass with a powerful force she had never seen. J.D. yanked her up and they ran higher and higher until they made it to a point where the water had not reached. Erin collapsed onto a chair, taking heaving breaths. \"Are you okay?\" J.D. asked, the concern showing on his face. His wet hair was matted down around his face and made him look even cuter than he already was. \"Yeah. I don't think I've ever run that fast before,\" she laughed. \"Adrenaline can make you do a lot of things.\" Suddenly, she flinched as a sharp pain coursed through her leg. \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing, I think I just bruised my shin when I fell. The privilege of having two left feet.\" Once things calmed down a little, everyone started trying their cell phones and other gadgets they had. J.D. put the phone to his ear, but there was nothing. \"Hey, Erin,\" Laura said. \"Thanks for coming back for me. You too, Sam. That was really brave.\" \"I just wanted you safe,\" Erin said to her friend. Sam and Laura smiled at each other, and Erin found that the pain over their various interactions was starting to dull. Was it because she was used to it now? Or was it something else? \"I guess I better return her bag,\" Laura smiled. Sam looked after her and there was no mistaking the love and adoration he had for her. \"Sam,\" J.D. said as he walked over to him. \"Just tell her how you feel.\" The pain had certainly dulled, but that didn't mean it was gone. Erin tried to hide her watering eyes when he said that. That was the icing on the cake. Now even J.D. saw the love they had for each other and was telling him to go for it. Those few words killed any chance at all that Sam might find that he had feelings for her. Erin sat on the chair, praying that no one was looking at her or noticed how much she was trying not to fall apart. She was so lost in self-pity, she almost didn't notice Sam and Laura exiting the room. He was saying something about payphones drawing power directly from the line. If that was the case, they could call someone. Erin got up and followed them and J.D., being the concerned guy he was, followed her. The four of them made it down to where the payphones were and saw with incredible dismay that it was halfway underwater, and the water was rising rapidly. \"Are you sure about this?\" Laura asked. Sam didn't answer, but waded into the water and let out a cry of shock as the cold water drenched him all at once. \"Sam, be careful!\" Erin said. \"It works!\" he called back to them after he tested the phone. Erin smiled, but couldn't erase the fact that the water was climbing higher and higher. \"Dad!\" Sam exclaimed evidently having gotten through to his father. \"I'm alright! We're at the public library! Mom, can you call Laura, Brian, and Erin's parents and tell them we're alright?\" Sam fell beneath the water and the group could no longer see him. \"Sam?\" Laura cried. \"He's fine,\" Erin tried to reassure her, though she really wasn't confident in her words. They could just barely hear his conversation now, which worried them all. \"Sam, come back!\" Laura cried to her friend. The water rose too high and covered the opening. No Sam. \"Sam!\" Erin screamed. She whipped off her jacket and dove into the water, just barely hearing J.D. scream her name. The shock of the freezing water hit her all at once like pins and needles and almost knocked her unconscious. She forced her eyes open and felt them sting as the dirty water came in contact with them. It was almost pitch black under the water, but she could just barely make out Sam's outline, blindingly trying to find his way to the surface for air. She quickly waded over to him and grabbed his arm. He was surprised at first, but then allowed her to take him once he realized it was Erin. Running out of breath, Erin quickly guided him to the stairs, and together they burst through the water, gasping for air. Laura gasped heavily in relief as she and J.D. took hold of them, both of them shivering violently. Sam was a light shade of blue more so than Erin since he had been in the water longer. \"I thought you drowned,\" Laura said to Sam with tears in her eyes. She held him for a second, taking in the fact that he was alive. Erin breathed heavily, her hands curled into tight fists as her entire body shook from the sheer cold of the water. She looked over at Sam, thankful she had gotten to him in time. J.D. pulled her into a very tight embrace. He felt so warm against her shivering body. She let herself relax as much as she could while she was freezing cold into his arms. \"Oh my gosh. Are you okay?\" he asked. She ever so slightly nodded her head. \"Yeah,\" she mustered out. \"Let's find you both some dry clothes,\" Laura said. She helped Sam up and they walked up the stairs. Erin tried to do the same, but found that she couldn't make her legs move. J.D. scooped her up in his arms as she continued to shiver. She felt so weak, like those people in black and white movies who fainted all the time. Sam was obviously suffering more than she was, and he still managed to stand up and walk up the stairs. \"S-sorry,\" she shivered in J.D.'s arms. \"Sorry for what?\" \"F-for you having to c-carry me.\" \"I'm just rescuing the damsel in distress,\" he smiled. Erin laughed as much as she hated being called that. He set her down on a chair and he and Laura grabbed clothes for them from the closet in the library. They had a feeling no one would mind at this point if they borrowed them. The sad truth was that some of the owners of the clothes were probably killed by now. \"Here, put this on,\" J.D. said as he handed her a shirt, a pair of pants, and a thick coat. She didn't know who had left that all behind or why, but she certainly wasn't going to question it. \"I promise I won't look,\" he added as he turned around. Erin let out a strained laugh and tried to change, but her fingers were like ice and she could barely move them. \"Here.\" Laura quickly helped Erin get her clothes off while she made sure the boys were not looking, and got her into the shirt and pants J.D. had gotten for her. \"Th-thanks.\" Once Erin was dressed, Laura quickly went back over to Sam to resume helping him get dressed and then helped warm him up with her body heat; something about his heart failing if she didn't. J.D. turned back to her and helped her get the coat on. \"I c-can't stop sh-shaking.\" \"I know. Come here.\" He pulled her into another tight hug, and she could almost feel the cold begin to leave her body as he warmed her up. Despite her chill, she could feel the blush coming to her face again. Ever so slowly, her shivering began to cease and they all finally went back to join everyone else. No doubt Brian was worried about them all. \"Hey,\" Sam said to Erin once they had rejoined the group downstairs. \"Thanks for what you did down there.\" Erin smiled. \"You would have done the same for me.\" \"No, but seriously, thank you. I was losing it fast. Man, first you rush to save Laura, then you save me. When did you get so brave?\" Last night at three in the morning, she thought. A/N: It always bugged me that Laura was freaking out about Sam nearly drowning and all she did was stand there on the steps doing nothing for him. So I decided to change that.[Chapter 5] A/N: Okay, so when it came to names of the people in the library, no one ever actually said their name. So I went on IMDB and looked up the cast and even then I couldn't get all of them. So as far as their names go, I was using my best judgement. Chloe and her cousin, however, are my OCs. With the power out, the temperature inside the library started dropping to match the temperature outside. People started bundling up in coats, scarves, and hats to keep warm. Suddenly, there was a loud rumbling sound and they all went out to the balcony to see what was up. Erin's mouth dropped as a huge cargo ship passed right by the library in the middle of the city streets. Snow began to fall at rapid pace, making the temperature drop even faster, challenging the temperature in the library to keep up. The group ran to the window and watched the ship lodge in between two large buildings and come to a halt. The snow seemed to be coming down faster, but at least the thunderstorm was over and Erin felt less uneasy. That didn't mean that she was completely okay with the snow. No doubt the snow would be just like the rain and no one could know when it would ever stop. As time went on, the snow started piling higher and higher, just like the rainwater. Everyone in the library spread out and rested or tried to talk with others to get through this until the snow stopped. Erin couldn't sleep. She found that she was way too nervous about the storm, not to mention she had no idea how her family was doing or where they were. She sat against the wall, hugging her knees to her chest, trying to think of good thoughts about them or past memories that made her smile. \"Hey,\" J.D. said quietly as he walked over and sat down across from her. \"Hey,\" she smiled, resting her hands on her knees. \"You know, what you did for Sam…that was really cool of you.\" \"Thanks. I just did what I knew Sam would've done for me if I had been in that situation. That water was unbelievably cold though! Oh my gosh, I thought my heart was going to stop!\" J.D. laughed. \"You were pretty frigid when you came out of the water! I thought you were never going to warm up!\" \"Believe me, neither did I!\" They both smiled at each other before Erin's thoughts drifted back to her family, and the smile immediately left her face. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. He seemed to ask that a lot lately. \"I guess I'm just worried about my family. I haven't spoken to Mom since I called her on the payphone.\" \"I understand. I'm worried about my brother. Maybe Victor got to him, but I have no way of knowing.\" He put his hand on hers. \"It's going to be okay. We're going to get through this. And we're all going to see our families again.\" Their eyes met, and for the first time, Erin saw how beautiful they were. In that moment, she forgot about the storm, and all her fears, and just felt so relaxed. Her thoughts were interrupted again when an African-American man ran in from outside and exclaimed, \"Hey, man! There's people out there! I was walking my dog. There's hundreds of them! They're walking on the snow!\" People stirred awake and some of them ran to the windows where they indeed saw many people trying to hike across the thick snow and escape from the storm. \"Where are they going?\" one officer asked. \"They're getting out of the city before it's too late,\" another replied. There was a pause before an African-American officer stood up on the stairs in front of the window and addressed the restless crowd. \"All right, everybody! Quiet down! When was the last time anybody got a signal on a cell phone?\" \"I got through to my cousin in Memphis an hour ago,\" one woman called. \"They're being evacuated to the south.\" \"We should get moving too,\" the officer announced. \"The water's frozen over enough to walk on. We should get going before the snow gets too deep!\" Everyone started packing up what few possessions they had and bundled up even more before they faced the bitter cold outside. J.D. helped Erin off the floor and they stood up and prepared to leave with the rest of the group, though Erin was not keen on being freezing cold all over again. \"We're going to get out of here, Erin,\" J.D. said. They looked over and saw Sam talking quietly with the officer, but they couldn't make out what they were saying to each other. Suddenly, Sam said loud enough for everyone to hear, \"If these people go outside, they will freeze to death!\" All movement in the library stopped. Erin met J.D's eyes, and saw that the fear in his matched her own. Neither was willing to doubt Sam. When it came to the weather, he was an expert considering his father studied it for a living. \"Okay, what is this nonsense?\" the officer asked. \"It's not nonsense, all right?\" Sam countered. \"Look, this storm is gonna get worse, and the people who are caught outside, they will freeze to death!\" \"Where are you getting this information?\" an older gentleman asked him. \"My father's a climatologist. I heard it from him.\" \"What are you suggesting we do?\" \"We stay inside, we keep warm, and we wait it out.\" That sounded like a terrible plan to Erin, but going out into the storm sounded even worse. There were just no good options here whatsoever. \"The snow is getting deeper by the minute,\" the officer told him coldly. \"We'd be trapped here without food, supplies.\" \"It's a risk, yeah.\" \"An unnecessary risk!\" \"No, no, no, it's not!\" \"We've wasted enough time talking about this. Come on, people. Let's go.\" As much as Sam tried to convince people to stay, the majority of the people in the library bundled up and began to leave, disagreeing with a teenage kid. As the people passed him, Sam kept trying to tell them that they would not survive outside. \"Let's help,\" Erin said to J.D. She and J.D. began trying to convince people to stay. No one looked their way and all their efforts were completely futile. Erin was frustrated at everyone's stubbornness and grabbed a teenage girl by the arm. In a completely serious and bordering deadly tone, she said to her, \"If you go out there, you will be killed, no ifs, ands, or buts. If you're smart, you will stay here and wait it out with us.\" The girl's hard look turned into an almost fearful one, and she stopped leaving and actually stayed with them in the library. In the end, only a handful of people remained. They all watched sadly, knowing that none of the people who were leaving were going to make it out of this alive. They all went to the parlor in the library, a quaint little room with a nice fireplace they could use to keep warm. Sam began throwing books in the fireplace, to which a blonde woman, Judith, asked, \"What are you doing?\" \"What do you think we're gonna burn?\" Sam asked sarcastically. \"You can't burn books!\" \"No, absolutely not!\" the older gentleman, Jeremy, agreed. \"You wanna freeze to death?\" Sam asked bluntly. It was obvious he had had enough and it was no more Mr. Nice Guy. \"I'll go get some more,\" a redhead teen, Elsa, said to him. \"I'll help you,\" Brian told her as he followed her out. The black-haired teen that Erin had saved previously, Chloe, left to go find more as well. While they all went to find books, everyone else broke the vending machine glass and grabbed all of the food out of it. Erin knew it was going to be hard to ration it all out and make it last, but they didn't have any other choice. \"We're not gonna last very long on M&M;'s and potato chips,\" J.D. remarked. \"What about garbage cans?\" the African-American man, Aaron, asked. \"There's always something to eat in the garbage!\" Erin gave him a strange look, but she couldn't judge him. He was apparently homeless and had to learn how to find food no matter what. They returned to the library and heard Brian telling Jeremy and Elsa that they could burn all the books about tax laws. It had gotten a lot colder throughout the whole building and Erin was anxious to get that fire started so she could warm up a little. They all gathered as many books as they could and delivered them to the parlor for easy use when the fire began to die down. Brian and Elsa started looking through shelves when Brian came across an Edgar Allan Poe collection. \"Ah, Poe,\" he laughed. \"Brilliant writer, twisted life.\" \"And he reflected that twisted life in every single one of his stories. Too dark for my taste. Not to mention he married his cousin when he was 27 and she was thirteen.\" \"You don't like Poe?\" \"Never liked him much when we studied him in school. Not gonna lie, The Fall of the House of Usher gave me nightmares for three nights. I kept having dreams I was buried alive.\" Brian laughed. \"So I'm guessing dark isn't for you. Is My Little Pony more your style?\" Elsa playfully punched him on the arm and giggled. Erin went up to Chloe, who hadn't spoken a single word since she decided to stay in the library. \"Hey, I know this seems bad, but believe me, it's better than being out there.\" Chloe just nodded her head. \"Are you alright?\" Chloe sighed. \"My cousin's out there.\" Silence fell between the pair before she continued. \"I tried to tell him what you told me, but he didn't listen and left with them. He left me here by myself.\" \"No, you're not by yourself. You have all of us and we're going to get through this. We just have to wait it out as long as we can.\" \"Thanks for trying so hard to convince me to stay. I didn't want to, but then I knew that my chances here were better just because you three were trying so hard to get everyone to stay. I knew that boy, Sam, wasn't lying.\" \"He's not, I promise you that. If his father said it, it's true.\" When they finally had brought enough books into the parlor, Erin crashed down next to J.D. \"I'm exhausted, but I can't find it in me to sleep. All I can keep thinking about is those poor people outside who don't stand a chance against the storm.\" \"We tried our hardest. They're going to learn the hard way that Sam was right.\" Erin rubbed her hands together and stared into the fire, the warmth of it making her even drowsier. \"Just rest your eyes for a few minutes. You look like you're going to pass out.\" Erin smiled and laid down on the couch in the parlor and soon fell right to sleep.[Chapter 6] It was pretty dark when Erin awoke, and pretty much everyone was asleep. It was colder, and she didn't have a blanket on like the others. Her hat and gloves only did so much for her. Erin just lay on the couch looking up at the ceiling, her mind constantly drifting over to thoughts about her family. \"Hey,\" she heard. She turned her head to see Sam sitting next to the couch. \"Couldn't sleep either?\" \"No. I can't stop thinking about my family. How they're doing. If they're even still alive.\" \"I understand.\" \"You really think your dad's coming to get us?\" \"Yeah, I do. He's never failed me before. He may have come close several times, and he didn't always do what I wanted, but whenever I really needed him, he never failed.\" Erin didn't respond. \"You know, I can see the way you look at J.D.\" \"What?\" \"He's been flirting with you ever since the night we stayed at his apartment.\" Erin smiled. At least she wasn't imagining it. \"Why don't you tell him you feel the same way?\" Erin paused. There was no way she was telling Sam that the reason she didn't was because of how she felt about him, especially after even J.D. told him to go for it with Laura. \"Well, the truth is I'm in love with someone else. And I'm not sure if I'm ready to move on yet.\" \"Are you sure you're still in love with him, or are you using that as an excuse to not admit your true feelings?\" Erin's train of thought came to a screeching halt. Was he right? Was that really what she was doing? The sun slowly rose over another day of trying to keep warm and stay alive. Their food was already running low and the storm hadn't even come close to stopping. Everyone huddled under blankets and anything else they could cover themselves with as the temperature dropped more and more. Erin wasn't going to lie that she was extremely bored. There was nothing to do but keep warm and talk. And there was only so much to say. Chloe had secluded herself the entire time they were there, only thinking about her cousin. Erin sat down next to her. \"I know you're worried about your cousin, but you need to eat something or else you'll have stayed in the library for nothing.\" Chloe didn't respond. \"Why don't you tell me about him? Or some funny memories you have with him?\" Chloe smiled at her attempts to cheer her up. \"Emmett's got black hair like mine, and he's pretty tall, maybe 5'9\". He's as stubborn as they come, always trying to get his own way. But we always look out for each other in the end. One time, he managed to convince me that there were monsters in our neighbor's house. For the longest time, the thought made me stay as far away from there as I could. When I finally realized he had been lying, I went over to the house myself to prove him wrong. I learned that there was an old couple there who didn't like the neighborhood and weren't very nice to people who came by. I realized he was just trying to protect from them by giving me a reason to stay away.\" The two of them talked about Emmett for a while, and Erin noticed that Chloe was slowly beginning to bring down the walls she had built up after she and her cousin got separated. When Erin went to go get some more books per Sam's request, she looked out the window and saw a lone soul wandering around in the snow. She was about to go get Sam or J.D., but was afraid that when she came back the person would be gone. Erin raced out to the front of the library, the snow significantly higher than the last time they had been here. Pulling her coat and scarf up, she ran across the snow as fast as she could, trying to spot the person she had seen before. \"HELLO?!\" she screamed to the white scenery. \"Is anyone out here?! You have to get inside!\" Erin listened and could just barely hear a boy's voice. She scanned her surroundings but everything looked the same and the brightness was making her eyes hurt. \"Keep following my voice! I'm over here! You need to find me so we can get inside!\" It took a while, but Erin finally saw the boy's figure and called to him. He spotted her and began slowly walking over to her. \"You look like ice. Hurry, get inside before it's too late. We have a fire going and a little bit of food.\" The boy nodded and followed her inside. \"SAM!\" Erin screamed once they were in the library. \"HELP!\" Sam came running out and though he was surprised by the appearance of another person, he wasted no time in getting him to the fire. The boy took his hood down and pulled his scarf off, revealing a head full of lush black hair. \"Thanks,\" he said to Erin. \"No prob.\" When they all made it back into the parlor, Erin saw Chloe look at the stranger and her eyes widened. \"Emmett?\" \"Hey, Chlo.\" Chloe bolted up and ran to her cousin and hugged him so tightly, she almost knocked him over. Her hand rubbed his hair as he tightly hugged her torso. Neither of them released for a very long time. \"I'm so sorry, Chloe. I realized how stupid I was being about five minutes after I left. I tried to convince other people in the group to turn around and head back to the safety of the library, but no one listened. I didn't want to try to find my way back by myself, until I realized that I was going to die if I kept moving forward. If I turned back, I would either get lost and die, or I might find the library before I froze. Either way, turning back was the better option, though no one else saw it that way. But I knew you were more important to me, and I couldn't lose you.\" They hugged each other again and Erin smiled at the reunion, hoping she would have one of her own once the storm blew over. Erin shivered, even underneath the several layers she was wearing. The temperature had finally leveled off, but that didn't mean it was warm. When she had wanted to come to New York, this had not been what she wished would happen while here. When nighttime fell, Erin went over to sleep on the floor by the fire. Laura kept coughing, but Erin was too exhausted to realize that wasn't normal. She was only asleep for an hour or two before she could quietly hear Sam and Laura talking to each other. She quietly turned to look at them, prepared to close her eyes fast if they noticed she was watching. After months of crushing on her, Sam told Laura how he felt about her, but not using his words exactly. And then they kissed. Erin expected to feel crushed, but she was surprised to find that it didn't hurt her very much to see them kissing. Maybe Sam was right. After Sam and Laura had fallen asleep, Erin was still wide awake, replaying that kiss in her mind, waiting for the pain to hit her, but it never did. \"Do you ever sleep?\" she heard J.D. ask as he sat across from her. Erin let out a small laugh. \"I was never one to sleep easily. My mind is always zipping from one thought to the next, never calming down enough for me to doze off for long.\" \"You saw that kiss too, huh?\" \"You were awake for that?\" \"I'm a light sleeper, and I've learned that Sam can't talk quietly.\" Erin laughed again. \"Yeah, I saw it.\" \"Did it hurt you as much as you thought it would?\" \"What?\" \"Erin, it's obvious that you really like Sam. Right when I saw how you interacted with him during the first round of the decathlon, I knew you liked him. You're always really shy around him, you had a hopeful look on your face when you approached him at the dinner, you jumped in after him downstairs putting yourself at risk, not to mention you get this weird look on your face whenever he and Laura are together, like you want to punch someone in the face.\" Erin sighed. No wonder Sam didn't like her if she was really that obvious about her crush. \"How are you so good at figuring me out? First, you figure out I'm afraid of thunderstorms, then you could tell I was really scared when we were trying to get to the library, and now you've figured out I like Sam.\" \"I take the time to figure you out.\" Erin couldn't respond to his gentle tone. He really cared about her. \"He was just always so nice to me ever since I met him. He was different from any other guy I'd ever talked to. I came to lunch one day and decided that instead of eating my food, I was going to wear it. I ran to the bathroom to clean up, but it was useless. When I came out, there was Sam holding this really tacky guy shirt. He held it out for me, and we just became friends. The more I talked to him, the more my feelings developed. The day I gathered up the courage to ask him out on a date was the same day he decided to tell me he had feelings for Laura.\" J.D. grimaced, only imagining how awkward that must've been for her. \"Yeah,\" Erin laughed. \"Bad timing on both our parts. I've tried to get over him, or see if I could get him to like me, but we can see how that turned out.\" She looked over at Sam, sleeping on the chair with Laura. \"Well, if you keep focusing on what you wanted with him, you may never see what's right in front of you.\" Erin turned her gaze back at J.D. \"What?\" J.D. took her chin and gently leaned her closer to him until the gap was closed. Erin's lips danced over his in a tender kiss. It was a thousand times better than anything she had ever imagined with Sam.[Chapter 7] \"Guys!\" Erin's eyes bolted open at the sound of Sam's panicked voice. She realized that she was lying on J.D.'s chest and his arm was wrapped around her. She smiled as she recalled the events of last night. Everyone was huddled around Laura and no one looked happy. \"She only had a fever last night. I don't understand,\" Sam said. \"She's so pale,\" Elsa remarked. \"Well, none of us have anything real to eat in days,\" Aaron stated, which was true, but didn't seem like the reason Laura was unconscious. \"I'm telling you it's hypothermia,\" Jeremy stated, but that didn't seem real either since fevers didn't usually accompany hypothermia. Erin knelt down next to Laura and gently rubbed her face and hair. \"Laura?\" she said softly. Her face looked pained, like she was having a really bad nightmare. \"Wake up.\" \"Maybe it's just the flu,\" Brian said. \"No, no it's not the flu,\" Judith interrupted. All eyes went to her. \"Yeah? And how do you know?\" Brian asked. \"Books can be good for something other than burning,\" she replied sharply. They went over her symptoms and Judith quickly came to a conclusion. Elsa told them that she was complaining of a cut on her leg and when they revealed her pale leg, a huge red cut about an inch long sat there, obviously severely infected. \"That's blood poisoning,\" Judith stated. \"Septicemia. She could go into septic shock. She needs a massive dose of penicillin or a broad-spectrum antibiotic immediately, or—\" Judith didn't finish her sentence which told them all they needed to know. If she didn't get medicine, she was going to die. Sam wasted no time and started hacking up a couple chairs to make snowshoes. He was determined to go to the ship and find the medicine that Laura needed. \"I thought you said it was too dangerous to go outside,\" Jeremy said. \"I know I did,\" Sam said, but his tone told everyone that he had to do this. Brian went to the window then turned back to Sam. \"Where'd you find those chairs?\" \"Why?\" \"I'm going with you.\" \"Me too,\" J.D. said. \"And so am I,\" Erin added. That was of course met with all kinds of disapproval, but she had been expecting that. \"Look, I'm going whether you want me to or not so if you want to waste time arguing, go ahead, but I'm coming with you.\" Laura was fading fast, and they couldn't spend another second talking about it, so they reluctantly let her come along. \"Brian!\" Elsa called as he was leaving the library. She quickly pressed her lips to his firmly and then ran back to the parlor. \"Come on, Romeo,\" Erin said as she pulled him along. The four of them quickly began the trek through the snow to the ship. The storm had gotten even worse and they could barely see each other. J.D. kept a firm grip on Erin's hand, not willing to lose her, especially after last night. They finally made it to the ship and tried to go quick since they knew they didn't have very long at all. They split up and searched all the rooms, looking for where they stored the medicine. Sam finally found the Red Cross on the door, but to his dismay the door was locked and wouldn't budge as much as the guys banged on it. Erin pushed in front of them and took a hairpin out of her hair that had stayed in thanks to her hat. She used the pin to unlock the door and they were in. The four of them rushed around the room, trying to find what Laura needed. There was a huge problem though. \"It's all in Russian,\" J.D. said. \"Hey, guys, I found it!\" Brian exclaimed. \"What? How do you know?\" Sam asked. \"Because it says 'penicillin' on the bottom.\" They grabbed the vial and a couple needles and prepared to head back to the library. Erin froze. \"Did you guys hear that?\" \"Hear what?\" J.D. asked. \"It sounded like…a growl.\" \"It's nothing. Come on. We gotta go.\" He put his arm around her shoulders and they were almost out when they passed another room. \"Hey, wait, this is the mess hall,\" Brian told them. \"We should find some food while we're here.\" \"We don't have time!\" Sam argued. \"None of us are going to survive without food,\" J.D. said. \"Including Laura.\" At that, Sam relented and allowed them to get some food. They found a ton of food they could use, and after Brian nearly had a heart attack, found a float they could use to carry it all. Erin's stomach flipped as they heard several snarls and turned to find at least five wolves standing in the doorway. The group tried to run to the next room, but one of the wolves latched itself onto J.D.'s leg. He cried out in pain as Sam hit the wolf on the head with his flashlight and it finally let go as Brian and Erin pulled him into the room. \"My leg,\" J.D. groaned. Erin clutched onto him tightly as Sam wrapped his scarf tightly around his leg to stop the bleeding. \"It's okay,\" she whispered, kissing his temple. \"Just breathe.\" If she knew one thing, it was that pain often made one stop breathing because it hurt so much. \"Hey, hey, look at me.\" J.D. met her eyes and she helped him slowly breathe in and out so he wouldn't end up passing out. Sam opened up the window. \"You guys, I think we're in the eye of it. We gotta get back right now.\" Erin didn't like his tone. Then it hit her. He said people were going to freeze to death. Once in the eye of the storm, the next part was worse. It didn't take a genius to figure out what was going to happen if they didn't make it back to the library before they got out of the eye. \"I'm going to go outside, and I'm gonna lure the wolves out of the room. When they leave, you lock the door.\" He grabbed a butcher knife and exited the room. Erin clutched onto J.D. tightly, scared out of her mind, but not regretting her decision to come at all. They watched the wolves and heard Sam screaming before they took off after him. Erin had J.D. put his arm around her and tried to support him as Brian locked the door. The wolves shook the door, trying to get in, and then the other door shook, but it ended up being Sam. Brian ran over and opened the door for him, thankful he was still alive. \"We have to get out of here now! Brian, get the supplies.\" Sam took the raft and Brian got everything they needed. Because J.D. couldn't walk, Brian, Sam, and Erin put him in the raft along with the food and medicine and the three of them pulled the raft as fast as they could back to the library. Sam paused and they looked at the buildings. They watched in horror as they quickly began to ice over at an alarming rate. \"Let's go!\" Sam screamed. \"Pull, guys! Pull!\" They began to pull faster as adrenaline started coursing through them. Erin's heart was about to leap out of her chest. Once they got in, Brian took the supplies and ran to the parlor. Sam and Erin took J.D.'s arms to support him and the three of them ran to the parlor, the ice catching up to them fast. J.D. was screaming from the pain and it hurt Erin to hear him in such agony. But she couldn't stop until they were safely in the parlor. \"Hang on!\" she screamed to him. The ice was gaining on them, trying its best to catch up with them in the deadly race. \"Almost there!\" Sam screamed. \"Brian, close the door!\" They sprinted into the parlor and Brian jumped up and slammed the door shut. It quickly began to ice over just like everything else. \"Don't let the fire go out!\" Sam screamed as he flung everything he could find into the fire. \"What's happening?\" Judith asked. They looked around as the walls and the door iced over, threatening to consume the entire room and everyone in it if the fire went out. \"More books! More books!\" Sam ordered. They all threw as many books as they could into the fire, refusing to let the ice win. When the ice had finally stopped, the medicine was given to Laura and J.D. was tended to. As they bandaged up his leg, he kept screaming in pain, and Sam demanded Erin to give him a distraction. So she did the only thing she could think of. She pulled him close and pressed her lips to his and kissed him passionately. She didn't release until he was all bandaged up. \"That works,\" Sam said. Erin smiled and J.D. pulled her close to him. It was another day or two before everyone was sleeping and Erin awoke to Sam saying, \"My father.\" She and J.D. were huddled closely together to keep warm and to have Erin be there if the pain got intense. Sam stood up and went over to him. \"You made it.\" Father and son embraced tightly, just like Chloe and Emmett had. \"Of course I did.\" They were saved. Sam's father, Jack, instructed them all to start walking so they could get to a point where the helicopters could find them. Soon, the sweet sound of a helicopter flew over them and landed in front of the large group. The overwhelming relief of finally being saved brought tears to Erin's eyes. J.D. hugged her and pressed his warm lips to hers as they all began to board the helicopter. Sam held Laura, Emmett held Chloe, J.D. held Erin, Brian held Elsa, Jeremy held Judith, and Aaron held his dog, Buddha. As they flew over the city, Erin looked out the window and saw a sight that filled her to the brim with happiness. \"J.D.,\" she whispered. They all looked out the window and saw hundreds of people on various rooftops, evidently having stayed put and survived the storm and the destruction the eye brought. Everyone in the helicopter smiled at each other as they realized they were not the only ones. Erin rested her head on J.D.'s shoulder and he wrapped his arm around her protectively. Laura did the same with Sam, and this time, Erin truly felt nothing. She was genuinely happy for the both of them. This had been the worst experience of her life. She was scarred by the whole thing, and she knew it was going to take a while before she truly felt okay again. But she had no doubt that all of these people that had fought through it were going to help each other as they attempted to get through the emotional trauma of it all. These people. Sam, Laura, Brian, J.D, Jeremy, Judith, Elsa, Chloe, Emmett, and Aaron. She couldn't have asked for a better group to help her beat the odds. ","Summary":" This started out good, but as it went on, I kind of lost interest. I finished it anyway because I c"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"On My Own","Author":"brynerose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4365808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On My Own OnnMy Own Samnand Laura's friendship is tested, pushing Sam to join a recklessnmission investigating a weather lab in Washington State. But nobodynis prepared for what he finds there…or who else is after it… \"Take 'em tonMedical One—we've got a couple in real bad shape!\" Jack Hallnshouted over the whirring of chopper blades. He helped thenheavily-bundled survivors out of the Black Hawk, then headed for thenEagle's Nest. It was cheesy, but everything ran on toughernsecurity these days. \"So,nhow many this time?\" \"Twenty-three,nwhich brings the total to 1,317 from New York City, Mr. President,\"nreported Jack. \"We found one or two new pockets, but no survivorsnthere.\" ThenPresident closed his eyes and nodded slowly. \"Good work. Reportsnsaid the weather over Europe is stabilizing again, and the Iraqi armynhas almost reached Italy. They—\" Annobnoxious little tune filled the air as Jack's cell phone went off. Jack froze, but the President nodded his consent. \"Hello?\" \"Jack,nI see you're back on the ground. Couldn't reach you ten minutesnago. Could we see you in intel? Something's come up.\" \"I'llnbe there in a minute; right now I'm standing in front of thenPresident.\" \"It'snkind of urgent.\" Jacknsighed, rolling his eyes, and glanced apologetically at thenwhite-haired man. The President nodded a second time. \"I'll benright over.\" - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SamnHall jogged out to meet the second round of incoming choppers. Sixnweeks ago, he'd fallen through a hidden skylight in Pennsylvanianand broken his ankle. So his friends had gotten to continue helpingnwith rescue missions while he sat in a tent. It had taken threenweeks before he could find decent crutches. Rescuencrews and survivors poured out of the choppers. Sam made a beelinenfor a slight crew member whose brunette hair whipped around in thenwash of the blades. \"Laura!\" Hisnbest friend turned at the sound of her name, hoisting a small childnonto one hip. \"Hey, Sam! Good to see you back on both feet!\" Samntook two more children by the hand and led them away from the landingnpad. \"So how have you been? I haven't seen you for awhile.\" \"Actually,nI—\" Laura's response was interrupted by the arrival of a tall,nmuscular Marine. Josh Taggert had enlisted in the Corps immediatelynafter graduating high school two years ago, which suited him verynwell. He was easily a head taller than Sam, and much more athletic. Plus, there was this charm about him, something Sam could nevernfigure out. \"Sammo,nI see you're returning to duty. Have a nice break?\" Joshncommented good-naturedly. \"Don'tnbe mean, Josh,\" said Laura, though she was smiling in spite ofnherself. \"Yeah,nsure, sitting in a tent for six weeks 'cause you can't donanything else is real fun,\" Sam replied sarcastically. Laura shotnhim a half-irritated, half-quizzical look. Where did this attitude come from? \"Ah,ndon't take it personal, Sammo. What matters is you're back upnagain,\" said Josh. \"Here, Laura, why you two get reacquainted,nsince it's been so long. I'll take the kids.\" He left them tonan awkward silence. \"So,nwhat's up?\" Laura finally asked. \"You seemed so happy when Infirst saw you, and now you're being rude and irritable.\" \"Indunno,\" Sam muttered. He still wasn't sure if he was ashamed ornnot. \"It just happened.\" \"Listen…there'snsomething I've been meaning to tell you. When you got hurt, Joshntook your place on the team, and we were kept really busy.\" Lauransuddenly looked uncomfortable. \"We got really close over the pastnsix weeks. I didn't want to say anything at first, because I wasnafraid it would make things worse for you. You're still one of mynclosest friends…I just hope you can understand…\" Samnnoticed Josh bouncing back their direction. \"No, I get it fine. Don't let me stand in your way. He strode off in no particularndirection, ignoring Laura's calls for him to come back. He hardlyneven noticed his dad appear out of a nearby tent. \"Hey,nSam, where are you—\" \"Nowhere,njust leave me alone.\" \"I'mngoing to check out something in intel. Wanna come?\" Thatngot Sam's attention. He was desperate for any news of the outsidenworld, and a direct invitation into U.S. intelligence was annopportunity not to be missed. So he followed his dad across thencompound to another tent. \"Ah,nJack, you're here,\" said a man in a suit and headset. He startednforward to shake hands, then spotted Sam. \"Is he—?\" \"He'snwith me,\" Jack said firmly. \"This is my son, Sam. Sam, this isnNigel Fredericks, director of intelligence. So, what's kind ofnimportant?\" \"Comenover here.\" Nigel led them to a screen flanked by speakers. \"About two hours ago, we started picking up a weak signal fromnrural Washington State. It's a research lab set up to monitornclimate and such—you would have loved it. Anyway, we want a rescuenteam up there asap. Who knows what the conditions are up there fornsurvivors. \"I'llngo!\" Sam volunteered immediately. \"I haven't done anything fornweeks; let me help.\" \"Sam,nI'm not sure—\" Jack started to say. \"Hownold are you, son?\" asked Nigel. \"Almostneighteen,\" Sam answered before his dad could interject. \"I'venalready helped on several missions. I just had to recover fromnbusting my ankle awhile ago. It's fine now.\" Nigelnlooked from one to the other. \"I'll leave you to decide that. Jack, if you'll get the team started…I know you said weather innthat part of the country has been a little rougher. But we'rengoing to need you here too much to let you go yourself, even for anday or so. The President wants to talk trying to re-inhabit thenNorthern Hemisphere.\" \"I'llnget on that,\" said Jack, edging towards the door. \"Would excusenus for a moment?\" He motioned for Sam to follow. \"What?\"nSam exclaimed impatiently. \"Why can't I go? I'm not a kidnanymore, Dad.\" \"You're my kid,\" Jack corrected. \"I thought I'd lost you innManhattan—do you know how terrifying that was for your mother andnme? All we knew was that the phone went dead with you on it. Andnthen there was the skylight inc—\" \"Inknow there's risks, but I'm old enough to decide for myself! Youncan't keep me here anymore.\" \"No,nI can't. But I'm still your father, and I have a right to voicenmy opinion,\" Jack said levelly, relenting only slightly. \"Maybenyou'll listen to it.\" Henwalked back into the tent, leaving Sam dumbstruck and fuming. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"Everybodynstrap in, it's going to be a long, rough ride!\" shouted the C.O. \"Dr. Hall said to expect a storm brewing over the target area.\" Samntightened his harness; he'd been through this before. Thenmission's commanding officer had miraculously let him join up atnthe last minute, ducking under his dad's radar. Since thenconversation with Laura, he'd had this insatiable urge to donsomething reckless. He couldn't stop thinking about her. They were just friends… Right? Thenworld rocked as the adapted Black Hawk rose into the air, and Samnfelt a matching lurch of guilt. His dad would not be happy. Most ofnthe team around him knew it, too. But, at the same time, he felt he needed to do this. \"Younokay, son?\" Sam'sngaze snapped up. The C.O.'s face was only a few inches from hisnown. Why did I pick this seat? \"Yessir,\"nsaid his voice. Sam knew this was a boldfaced lie, and to ansuperior. \"Just thinkin', sir.\" \"Thinking?\" \"It'snnothing, sir. It won't interfere with my ability to perform thenmission.\" \"Verynwell.\" ThenC.O. took his seat. It was going to be a very long ride. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"HeynJack, you better take a look at this,\" said Nigel. His tone wasnapprehensive, even afraid. Jacknbent wearily over the console. Various dots flashed on a map ofnNorth America. \"What?\" \"Thesenare the signature readings of military vehicles. Notice anything?\" \"Bluenfor American and red for Russian, I'd assume by the positions,\"nJack guessed. \"Wait, what's the goldish-orange? Chinese?\" \"Thensignature doesn't match anything in the database. And no countrynhas mobility like that, at least not registered. The point is, theynjust crossed into Alaska as we speak, and are already starting tonturn south.\" \"They'llnpass straight through Washington. Should we recall the rescue team?\" \"That'snthe dilemma,\" Nigel said resignedly. \"These forces are movingntoo fast to simply be escaping the harsher weather. It's been toonlong, and there's been no attempted contact. If the team pullednback, the lab would be open to anyone who waltzes through there. Thenfact that some of those systems may still be functional is vital tonour future prospects.\" \"Butnthe team would be no match for a force that big.\" \"Atnleast we'd have a stake in the contest.\" \"Dr.nHall?\" Bothnmen jumped. Laura was standing in the doorway, looking out of breathnand worried. \"Have you seen Sam? I think I upset him earlier, andnhe was avoiding me. Now I can't find him at all.\" Jacknstared at the petite girl, then back at the screen. The blue dotsnwere inching over the Southwest. \"Inthink he's gone,\" he muttered grimly.[Chapter 2] \"Hey Jack, you better take a look at this,\" said Nigel Thenlittle convoy of Black Hawks battled against the winds of thenapproaching storm. They were within five minutes of the lab now. Sam was beginning to wonder if he'd really made the right choice. Beep!nBeep! Beep! A shrill alarm sounded from the cabin of thenchopper. The C.O. made his way cautiously to investigate. \"Hangntight; we're starting to get ice on the rotors!\" he shouted backnto the team. Sam felt the tension rise in the small space. Suddenlynan explosion burst in the direction of the left-flank chopper. ThenC.O. hit the floor hard with the aftershock, and didn't move. Everyone flinched as debris rattled against the armored hull. Theynwere under attack, out here? Sam held his breath, waiting. Thisntime he heard the scream of a rocket just before an explosion on thenright. Seconds later, it crash-landed. Crunchscree! Samnbraced himself—something had hit the tail, destroying it, andnsending the chopper into a spin. A couple of the men who hadnloosened their harnesses were thrown from their seats. One hit thendoor latch, which bent open a few inches but not all the way. Nownthere were glimpses of the white world outside…with no hint of up,ndown, or distance to impact. The noise was deafening. Thennthey were connecting with Earth. Men cried out. Metal crunched andntwisted. Sam felt his head strike painfully across something, and henblacked out. Thennext thing he knew, everything was still again. There was justnenough light to see the outlines of bodies. Sam tried slowly tonrise, and was greeted by pain shooting through his own stiff one. The skin from his forehead to his left cheek felt sticky. Windnwhistled through the outside of the wreckage. The storm! There hadnto be a better shelter nearby. Gritting his teeth, Sam forcednhimself to check for other survivors, but everyone felt cold. Thenwind made an insistent rattle against the chopper. Itntook several tries to get the door open far enough. How long had henbeen out of it? Snow was already beginning pile up around the wreck,nand the biting cold made his head throb. To his great surprise,nhowever, the shape of a dark hole loomed no more than a hundred feetnaway. The lab. Atnthe same time, Sam suddenly felt eerily like he was being watched. Clank. Thengaping hole began to shrink ever so slowly. Sam broke cover, runningnas fast as he could make himself go. Even as he tore across the opennspace, he knew something was tracking him. Adrenaline was screamingnthrough his veins; at the last minute, he dove through what was leftnof the opening, and landed hard in a dark room. The doors closednwith a dull, echoing boom . Samnpicked himself up slowly, still tingling with apprehension. He wasnin some type of garage or loading bay. Something shifted in the deepnshadows, or was it just his imagination? Silence. Then it wasnbehind him, and too late he sensed to blow coming from behind. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"Uhnnn…\" Samnheard himself groan as if it came from somewhere else. Where was he? And, more importantly, who else was there? Somethingnmoved close to his head. He jerked up, inhaling sharply. A shapendarted across the still-dim room. Sam's eyes focused very slowly,nand finally he could make out a single girl. \"Whonare you?\" Sam rasped. His mouth and throat felt like cotton. Thengirl said nothing, and moved only a little closer. Sam pullednhimself into a sitting position, screwing his face up against thenpain. The girl looked concerned, but still too scared to abandon hernescape route. \"I'mnnot here to hurt you,\" Sam said hoarsely. \"I came to help. There was a rescue team.\" His forehead gave a nasty throb. \"Andnwhat about the others?\" the girl hissed. Fear laced her hushednvoice. \"Indunno,\" Sam confessed. \"Whoever they are, they're not fond ofnthe U.S….shot us down…I think I'm the only one left.\" Thenslightest movement made him groan with pain. Thengirl backed up a couple of paces, then warily moved forward. She wasnholding a water bottle. \"Here; drink carefully.\" Parched,nSam couldn't help but gulp it down. He managed two or threenswallows before choking. The girl's hand rested softly on hisnback. \"There'snno rush. It's not going anywhere.\" Samncoughed a few times, and waited to regain his breath. \"I know, Injust suddenly realized how thirsty I was. But what about you? Arenyou okay? How many—\" \"Shh,ntake it easy,\" the girl said quietly. They might as well have beennin a church. \"You're not exactly in the best shape yourself. I'm the only one left, too. We tried to leave too late, and gotnstuck in the superstorm. Somehow I managed to get back here alive.\" \"Andnyou've been okay all this time?\" \"It'snbeen lonely. But the lab is supplied to provision a staff of 120 upnto three months, so I've been well stocked. Last week I gotndecently warm water to come out of the shower. Maybe one would donyou some good now, and then I can finish patching you up.\" Samncouldn't argue. He'd never found the task so difficult, though. His body was bruised and sore, and his forehead stung terriblynwhenever water touched it. When he glanced in the mirror, he saw anbright gash that extended from above his nose almost to his rightntemple. At least he wasn't covered in blood anymore. \"See,nyou're looking better already,\" the girl said encouragingly. Shenwas being friendlier now that she knew she wasn't in immediatendanger. Even so, she made it clear that her guard was still up. Innhis absence, basic first aid supplies had been collected on thenfloor. \"Thanks,\"nSam replied as he gingerly knelt down. \"So, how'd you end upnhere in the first place?\" \"Boss'snbrat. My dad was in charge of the project. They studied possiblenconsequences to our lifestyle, like this ice age thing, and plannednhypothetical responses to them. The government gave it morenattention than they wanted to admit. My name's Katie, by the way. Katie Grant.\" \"SamnHall, and I do find that surprising. My dad's a climatologist, andnit seemed like no one wanted to listen to him when he said we werengoing into a new ice age, even as it was happening.\" Katiennodded, carefully soaking the corner of a towel with rubbing alcohol. \"Now, try to hold still. As if your head won't hurt enoughnalready.\" \"Auugh!\" Samntried to brace himself, but the pain still caught him off guard. \"Thengood news is this looks shallow enough that we could just clean itnfor a few days and not have to cover it,\" Katie observed. \"Unlessnyou want to.\" \"You'dnthink I'd be used to stuff like this,\" grumbled Sam. \"I wasnstuck in Manhattan when the superstorm hit. My dad risked everythingnto come after me; I guess we were the first ones rescued. Then Inworked on rescue missions until I broke my ankle a few weeks ago.\" \"Ouch.\" \"Yeah,nso I was stuck doing nothing until just recently, and practically hadnto sneak past my dad to get on this mission.\" \"Atnleast you've had the freedom to get around, see other people.\" Katie had cleaned up, and now turned her back on him to put thensupplies away. \"Oh.\" Sam realized what she must have been through. \"Sorry.\" \"Don'tnbe. It's just…it's been so long since I've talked to anyonenelse.\" Samnlooked at Katie properly for the first time. Though dressed as antomboy, she didn't have the appearance of being trapped for thenlast three months. Her clothes were clean, albeit showing some wear;na lab coat provided extra warmth. Her straight, sandy hair was anlittle uneven, but not bad for a self-done job and well kempt. Onlynher hazel eyes betrayed the effects of her involuntary solitude. \"Itntook a few weeks to get the system functioning again. The firstnthing I picked up was someone crossing the Bering Strait, giving offnan unregistered signal. They've been really close for awhile now.\" Katie shuddered. \"Whynhaven't they tried to move in?\" asked Sam. \"Wouldn't this bena better shelter?\" \"Itnis, and that's why they haven't,\" Katie explained grimly. \"This place could withstand a nuclear blast, aside from one or twonweaker spots. A good shot could disable the lab with several shells. But they're waiting. I guess they don't want to risk too muchndamage.\" She glanced at her watch. \"It's getting late. How'sna hot dinner sound to ya?\" Samnsmiled, and followed her out of the room. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Shotndown?! \" Jack's strangled voice managed. \"Can you tell ifnthere were any survivors?\" \"We'rendoing all we can,\" said Nigel. He was trying to keep Jack calm,nand failing miserably. \"Right now, the only thing being picked upnis that weird signature, sitting there like a vulture. And nonone's going up there 'til we know who these people are, bynorder of the President.\" Jacknknew there wasn't anything he could say to get around that one;nthat's what was so irritating. Once again, Sam was in trouble—evennthough he walked himself into it—and there was no way to get tonhim. Unable to stand the sight of the screen any longer, Jacknstormed out and kicked the tire of a jeep parked right outside thendoor. \"Anynnews, Dr. Hall?\" Laura,nwho had just left the mess tents, hand-in-hand with Josh, had to trotnto catch up. \"What's happened?\" \"Shotndown. All of them. That's all I know,\" Jack replied shortly. \"There's an unregistered military signature waiting outside thenlab in Washington. We're—no one's allowed to go in and looknfor survivors until further notice.\" \"Ohnmy…what have I done?\" \"It'snnot your fault, Laura, you hear me?\" Jack hugged the girl fiercely. Josh waited patiently to the side. \"ButnSam's strong,\" Laura's muffled voice said through the fabric ofnJack's coat. \"I know he'll make it out, just like last time. You've got to believe in him.\" It sounded like she was tryingnjust as hard to convince herself. Jacknfelt tears sting his eyes. Sam would make it back; he'd donanything to make sure that happened. Even so, it took a minute tonpull himself together. \"Well,nnothing's going to get done standing here,\" he finally declared. \"Go get your boyfriend. Are Brian and JD around?\" \"Inthink so. No other teams have been sent out.\" \"Good. We may not be able to do anything now, but I want to be ready. I'mnnot risking lives by not being prepared at the get go.\" - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"So,nwhat all did you do here, anyway?\" Sam asked. It was the nextnmorning, and he was following Katie to the main systems room. \"Numbernof things,\" she replied over her shoulder. Keys clinked togethernas she unlocked the door. \"We were one of the premiere facilitiesnfor monitoring global weather. Most of the time it was justnsupplying info to the weather channels and programs, keeping up withnoverall conditions, and pioneering solutions to improve thenenvironment. \"Andnthe government went along with you?\" \"Actually,nthey didn't know until about three months before that summit innIndia. We were too valuable to shut down, but the President wasn'tntoo happy with Dad. Not that it stopped us. We have digital andncarbon copies of all the existing designs, and prototypes for aboutnhalf of them. All under keypad access only.\" \"Inguess that makes this place pretty valuable now,\" Sam mused. \"Yep. And I think that's why there's company outside.\" \"Well,nwe can't let 'em have it! This is vital to everybody left in thenNorthern Hemisphere. If these guys are already using force, how muchnyou wanna bet they'll share it? It's gotta go to the President.\" \"Yeah,nI know,\" Katie agreed distractedly. Her face had darkened into anscowl. \"There's just one thing that bothers me.\" \"What?\" \"Nonone else except the White House is supposed know where we are.\"[Chapter 3] \"Shot down Sam'snheart plummeted into his stomach. \"They're not?\" Katie shooknher head. \"Then who are these guys and how'd they find you?\" \"Indon't know. The movements of employees were strictly watched.\" She turned her attention to the equipment which they'd now ignorednfor several minutes. \"Our best bet is to try to make radioncontact. I made the distress signal weaker so it could be picked upnwhile still allowing the generators to recharge.\" \"Youncan recharge the generators?\" \"That'snwhy the doors were open when you arrived. I burned out the backupndoing that, so I could uncover the solar panels. Had a couple ofnweeks' clear skies and sun before this latest storm.\" \"Must'venbeen rough living in the dark and alone.\" \"Thenbackup generator is designed to power necessities in annemergency—like this one. The doors were just too much after such anlong time. But now the main one's back.\" Samnstudied the panels in front of him. Security, communications, labnpower, life support…everything possible was controlled from thisnone room. Then one in particular caught his eye. \"Weapons,\" henmuttered under his breath. \"Hey, did your dad ever do anythingnwith the military?\" \"No.\" Katie cocked her head with curiosity. \"Supposedly this be anweapons base during the Cold War, but they said everything wasncleared out long before we moved in in 1994.\" \"Huh. Must not have bothered to remove this panel, then.\" Katienleaned over to see for herself, shrugged, and went back to work. \"Inguess so. It was just a storage facility.\" Biting her lip withnconcentration, she fiddled with switches and knobs around anmicrophone and speaker. Nothing happened for a couple minutes. Thennstatic faded in, varying in intensity as she searched for an Americannreceiver around the distance that Mexico was from the lab. She wasnabout to try a call when a voice cut in that made Sam's blood runncold. \"Venknow yor in dere, Amerikan,\" said the hard, thickly-accented voice. \"And you know vat ve vant. Ve haff our veapons aimed at the veaknspot in yor comm output. If you try to contact yor Presitant, venvill just kill you now. And den ve vill destroy zat holdout dat isnall-powerful Amerika. Leaf dis radio on so dat ve may giff younfuture instructions. Yor resistance is pointless.\" And the voice,nnow laughing, dissolved back into static. Samnand Katie stared, shocked, at the buzzing speaker. \"Inthink they know,\" Sam finally commented. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Laurancouldn't help feeling guilty about the turn of events. Sure, Samnwas a born leader and had an enormous heart for others, but it hadnbeen the moment he'd realized she had a real boyfriend that he'dnfelt driven to take action. She had driven him ontonthis doomed mission. Not even his dad's insistent words had anynaffect on the hurt look Sam had worn. Dr.nHall, Josh, Brian, and DJ were all huddled around the conference roomntable discussing the secret mission. However, after about fifteennminutes, Josh noticed that Laura had drifted and sat down somendistance from the group. \"What'sneating you, babe?\" he asked, sliding down next to her with his armnaround her waist. Laurancouldn't fight her tears anymore. \"It really is my fault! WhennI t-told him about us he g-got reckless…now he c-could be f-frozennor hurt or—\" \"Hey,nhey, in no way are you responsible for this,\" Josh cut her offngently. \"Now I'm not blaming him, either; nobody knew this wasngonna happen. They couldn't know! And Sam did understand that every mission runs risks.\" Laurantried to argue, but her sobs wouldn't let her form the words. \"There'sna team over there, one that you know and trust. And they'renworking to rescue your best friend asap. What say we go help 'em,neh?\" Josh kissed her forehead. \"Okay,\"nshe said in a very small voice. It lightened her heart to hear himnacknowledge Sam as her best friend. She wouldn't be made to choosenbetween them. \" Samnis going to be okay. I promise you. Now come on, up you get.\" Josh's lighthearted approach without belittling a situation nevernfailed to make her smile. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Katientook a wireless radio and matched it to the board before promptlynleaving the room. Sam found his head beginning to throb as he triednto keep up. \"Whatnshould we do?\" \"I-Indon't know.\" She was clearly fighting panic, dumping the energyninto her brisk pace. \"Wait, I guess. They could want any numbernof things. We're just two teenagers! I can't even pretend tonknow everything about this place, and I grew up here!\" \"We'llnthink of something, I know we will! We'll just have to stall themnuntil help comes. My dad'll've found out I skipped base by now;nhe'll get people together—\" \"Wouldnthey be crazy enough to come here while these wackos are watching ournevery move? Let's face it—\" \"—nobodynbelieved my dad would find us alive in Manhattan—\" \"—Inmean, they wouldn't be so stupid as to risk a team for two kids whonare as good as dead anyway—\" \"— wouldnyou just stop and listen for a moment ?\" Katie'snface registered shock as Sam pushed her unceremoniously up againstnthe grey cinderblock wall. He was hurting emotionally and physicallynnow, and running out of patience. \"You'venbeen all alone here for three months. When you cracked me over thenhead to defend yourself and your home, I was honestly scared of you. Please don't go losing your head now. You're one of thenstrongest people I've ever met, and that's after barely knowingnyou for 48 hours.\" Fearnwas pouring out of those hazel eyes, longing for tears that, fornwhatever reason, would not come. Katie was slowly calming down, andnafter a minute or two of just staring back into Sam's eyes, shennodded. \"You'renright. I'm just freaking out, and that's not going to be anynhelp. I'm sorry.\" \"No,nyou're perfectly within your right to be scared. To be honest,nI've never been so terrified in my life. Well, maybe…never mind. Point is, we can't let it carry us away. Let's get some hotnchocolate in the kitchen and think things over calmly.\" AgainnKatie nodded, and they started off again. \"How'snyour head?\" she asked as they reached the door. \"Wellnthat shouting contest didn't do much good, but it's better thannyesterday.\" \"That'sngood. I'll admit I was scared the first time I got a good look atnyou. You looked so young, and I'd just macked you upside the head. I felt horrible.\" Samnsmiled as he gingerly probed the bruise on the back of his skull. \"Again, you were acting in self-defense. What was I supposed tonexpect? Here, you relax. I'll make the cocoa.\" Theynshared nearly fifteen minutes of quiet, calm banter despite thenlooming situation. To Sam's encouragement, he got Katie to laughngenuinely for the first time since he'd arrived. Maybe things werenfinally looking up for her. He also discovered that she was bringingnsomething out of him, too. The tough, guarded tomboy had melted tonreveal a softer, more approachable personality underneath. Sam feltncomfortable and tense at the same time around this new version ofnher. Only one other girl had managed to make him feel like that,nbefore she broke his heart… Thennstatic broke a lull of silence, making them both jump. \"Amerikan? American, ansa me,\" the hard voice barked. Katienunclipped the radio from her carpenter's pants with tremblingnhands. \"Yeah, I'm here.\" She shot a look of renewed fear atnSam. He reached across the table to steady her other hand. \"Younvill open ze dor for us now, Amerikan.\" \"I…I-Incan't,\" she stammered. \"There's not enough power. It couldnblow the generator.\" \"Younlie,\" snapped the voice. \"Dere iss a manual control just inside. I giff you fife minutes, or ve start taking out ze seffen veak spotsnin yor hideout's struture. Two off dem are right aboff yor currentnlocation. Haff a nice snack break?\" Samnstared at the radio with disbelief. How did they know all thisnstuff? \"It'snjammed,\" Katie lied anyway. Her rising panic was causing her tonblurt out whatever came to mind. \"I think the gear's stripped atnthe top. And I'm alone—there's no way I'll get it open.\" \"Enoffnoff yor lies, Amerikan dog!\" Katie jumped, tears welling up in herneyes now. \"You haff fife minutes.\" The radio went dead oncenmore. \"Wait! Where are you going?\" Sam asked as Katie got up, shaking badly. \"Wenhave to do what he says,\" she answered dully. \"Whoever he is, henknows how to crack the lab. I don't want to see my dad's workncrumble around me, especially when it's needed so badly. They'llnprobably kill us either way, anyways.\" Oncenmore, Sam chased after her. \"Then we should go down fighting! Andnsurely the government would fight to keep this place if it's sonimportant, right? My dad could be on his way right now, with thenwhole army behind him! We just have to hold out 'til they come.\" Katienpaused, turning slowly to face him. \"Do you really believe that?\" Samnwas stung, whether she meant it as a rebuke or not. But he had tonblow passed it and muster all the honesty he could show her. \"Yes…myndad will find a way to make it up here. When he makes up his mind,nhe refuses to give in no matter what happens.\" Thendesire to believe his words mixed with the fear on her face. \"Sonright now, we can still stall for time; it hasn't come to all-outnblows yet. You say the door is jammed?\" Katiennodded. \"Let'snjam the door.\" Innno time they stood by the manual override in the loading bay. Katiengrabbed a wrench and shoved it into one of the huge chain links. Samncocked an eyebrow. \"Okay,nso the door will open about a foot. There's no way we'd get allnthe way up there.\" She pointed up at the top gears. \"And it'snnot enough space for anything to get through.\" Thenradio crackled back to life. \"Vell, you haff had yor fife minutes. Ve are vaiting.\" Katienpretended to struggle with the release lever. \"I—told you—itnwon't budge. Wait!\" She pushed it so the chain shot upwards,nbut they'd only just glimpsed snow through the gap when the wrenchnhit the top and stuck. \"See? Just like I said. I'm not lying.\" \"Vencan fix dat,\" was all the voice said. Sam and Katie froze innplace, straining for any sign of the voice's meaning. Sam wishednhe had thought to grab heavier clothing. Was that an engine, or thenwind? Boom! Somentype of light projectile hit the gap out of nowhere. The shocknknocked both teens flat, followed by a shower of debris. Samncouldn't breathe for a few seconds from the impact. Everythingnhurt for the second time in less than three days. Beside him, Katienwas coughing and sitting up. \"Sam!\"nshe hissed. Gentle hands helped him roll over just in time to seenarmed, black-clad figures jump through the new opening. The tallestnmoved straight at them, leveling a winterized M-16. \"Hello,nAmerikans. Do you vish to cooperate now? Sneered the familiar, hardnvoice no longer coming from the radio.[Chapter 4] Katie took a wireless radio and matched it to the board before promptly leaving the room \"I'm sorry, Jack. There's still no clearance to fly a missionnup there. Until we have more info on these guys, the President won'tnallow it.\" \"Whatnhappened to the importance of this lab?\" Jack retorted innfrustration. \"You were all gung-ho to send the first mission. Now, not only are you giving up on those men, you're lettingnwhoever's out there waltz in on the prize!\" Nigelnsighed heavily. \"There's no way to know if any reinforcementsnwill get through. It's not just a weather lab, and with thenfirepower these guys already have—\" Thenrest of his explanation was cut off by the radio console crackling tonlife. \"If any Amerikans can heah me, it is in yor best interest tonrespond now.\" Nigelnglanced at Jack with a mixture of surprise and apprehension on hisnface, then punched a button. \"Yes, we hear you. Who are you andnwhat is it you want?\" \"Inam surprised at you. Ve are not verthy of that famous Amerikan drivento never give up vat iss yors?\" \" Whonare you ?\" Nigel repeated levelly. \"UnitednVorld Communist Order,\" answered the voice. \"Change has beennlong offerdue in dis age. New vorld, new times.\" \"Andnwhat is it you want from us?\" \"Vonenhundred million, in cash. A tribute to yor new leaders in dis newnage of za vorld.\" \"Ifnwe don't?\" \"Ah,ndis iss more like vat I expected. Let's see if it remains zat vay. You haff visual capabilities?\" Dreadnfilled Jack's stomach as Nigel answered, \"Yes.\" \"Seenclosely,\" the voice instructed. Jack could almost picture thensmile on the dirtbag's face. The next moment, everything dissolvedninto numbness. Whatnhe could only hope was a live feed lit up the screen on the console. Two teens, sporting fresh cuts and bruises, were bound, forced tontheir knees, and held at gunpoint. One was a girl dressed in boys'nclothes and a labcoat. The other was Sam. Thenpicture disappeared not long after. \"If you resist, you risk zerenliffs…and yor own. You haff tree days,\" the voice commandednbefore the speaker went dead as well. Nigel slowly lowered thenmicrophone. \"Jack?\" - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Samnfought to remain calm as their captors turned off first the videoncamera, then the radio. He knew something like this was bound to benthe case, but it was still chilling to hear a direct threat. Younrisk their lives… Thenleader snapped an order in some Eastern European dialect, and Sam andnKatie were promptly yanked to their feet from behind. By now,nluckily, the shock of the explosion had worn off. They were marchednback through the corridors of the lab to the kitchen, and, withoutnuntying their hands, locked in the walk-in freezer. \"Andnall I thought we had to worry about was the weather and the guns,\"nKatie remarked cynically. She immediately began fidgeting around,ntrying to reach her back pocket. \"Whatnare you doing?\" asked Sam. Already the cold was making hisninjuries sting. \"There's no way out of here; the doors are toonthink.\" \"That'snwhy I'm doing this.\" Her slim fingers managed to slip out SwissnArmy knife, which she expertly flipped open and began to saw at hernbonds. \"Can't keep warm in here with your hands tied.\" Seeingnthat Sam was still gawking at the knife, she added, \"It's a tricknI came up with myself. I added uniform padding to some of thenpockets, fitted to conceal specific shapes. If I get patted down,nthey don't notice a thing. Let's me hold onto a few items.\" Soon she was freed of her rope, and through Sam's as well. Thennshe Then she pulled him into a hug, her hands vigorously rubbing hisnback. Sam was completely caught off guard. \"It'snour best chance of keeping warm,\" she explained. \"Inknow. It's just…normally I would find this very awkward.\" Sam's mind was flashing back to another time when someone had donenthis to keep him alive. \"Comparednto hypothermia?\" Katie was saying. \"I think I'll take awkward,nthank you.\" \"Touché.\" Theynlost track of time as they concentrated on keeping warm. But soonnthey had to brave the cold for awhile to rest their arms, huddling asnclose as possible on the steel floor of the freezer. \"So…hownyou holdin' up?\" Katie finally spoke up. Samnhadn't been giving much thought to what was around him anymore. \"Wha—huh?\" \"Innthe space of roughly 48 hours, you've been through a chopper crash,na blow to the head from me, a shell attack in a confined space, andnnow you've been stuck in a freezer for who knows how long. Don'tntell me you're fine.\" \"Inknow, I'm not in the best shape,\" Sam admitted. \"Given ancouple days, I think I would be—if these guys hadn't decided tonmove in. It just takes a little more effort to keep my teeth fromnchattering.\" Katiensmiled. \"Do you really think your dad's coming for us?\" Samnput him arms more tightly around her slight shoulders, though notnjust for warmth this time. \"Yeah, I do. I've never known a mannwith more strength and determination when his mind's made up. Hendidn't want me to take the mission in the first place.\" Suddenlynthere was a clank from the other side of the door, making themnboth jump. The doors swung open, and hands pulled them roughlynapart. \"Bossnvants to see you.\" Oncenagain, they were dragged through the subterranean compound, Samnkeenly aware of the stiffness in his legs from the cold and sitting. This time they went to a hallway he'd never seen. The doornlabeled \"Dr. Roger Grant, Project Supervisor\" was ajar. Thenapparent leader was lounging inside with his feet on the crampedndesk. Now that he was settling in, several outer layers had beennstripped off. The man was tall, muscular, and possessed strongnRussian features. Fingers laced behind his head, the man greeted hisncaptives with a smile that was colder than they were. \"Ah,nnow ve may git down to bissness. Leaf us,\" he gestured to thengoons who had escorted them to the office. The door clicked shut. \"Maynwe help you?\" Katie asked, her tone icy to mask the fear Sam knewnwas under the surface. \"Notnso friendly after all, eh, Amerikan?\" the man replied. \"Who knewnsuch vehemence coult come from vone so young…and so beautiful.\" A new gleam entered the man's eyes, one that made Sam bristle. \"Shenasked you a question,\" he spat before he could compose himself. \"You could at least do her the courtesy of answering it.\" Thenman fixed him with an expression of mild surprise, stood, and walkednaround the desk. \"Didnshe now? Vell, you sure haff shown me my place.\" Without warning,nhe gutpunched Sam so hard that Sam fell to his knees, gasping. Another blow landed on his back, driving the rest of the air from hisnlungs. Then the man returned to his seat, and Katie rushed to Sam'snside. \"Inam Colonel Rykov, head of ze United Vorld Communist Order. And you,nAmerikans, ah at my mercy,\" the man announced loudly. \"Whatndo you want with us?\" Katie cried desperately. Samnheard all of this through a muffled daze. His senses were reelingnwith pain; he still couldn't take a full breath. Only distantlyncould he feel Katie's hand on his back. \"Fornyeahs ve haff been in hiding, preparing for ziss day ve knew vouldncome. Now ve haff capabilities like no vone else in dis new climate. It iss time for da vorld to be united under vone leadership. Dereniss no denying it!\" \"Wacko,\"nSam muttered too quietly for Rykov to hear. \"An that involves us…?\" Katie prompted. \"Disnlab iss de only vone off it's kind, de only vone vich holdsntechnology to liff in dis new vorld. For all our preparations, venhaff no domestic means off liffing. And I heah off…odder tings.\" His cold smile returned. \"People vill do anyting to haff accessnto dis technology, if it means surfifal. But dere iss only vone vaynto get it. You, my deah.\" \"Don'tndo it, Katie,\" Sam managed a little louder. \"He's nothing morenthan a terrorist trying to get what he wants for himself.\" Katienvisibly fought panic. \"What if I don't?\" she asked Rykov. \"Danproblem vit you Amerikans iss you ah too open. Yor veaknesses ahndisplayed for all to see,\" he answered. He locked gazes with her,nthen glanced pointedly at Sam. \"And long-range missiles are notndifficult to come by dese days, ah dey?\" He shouted something innthe language from before, beckoning their escorts back in. \"Takenzem away.\" Onlynwhen they were back in the freezer did Sam dare speak again. \"Well—ow—Incan definitely say I'm less than fine now.\" He winced as hentried to scoot closer to Katie, who was staring at the base of thendoors. \"Don't give up yet. He's just a bully.\" \"Andangerous one,\" she retorted waspishly. \"He's threatening tonkill you, and attack helpless populations if I don't cooperate. And what's to say he won't kill us anyway after he gets what henwants?\" \"Hey,nwe'll make it through this,\" Sam coaxed. \"This guy's afternpower, not getting rid of everyone just because he can. Come 'ere.\" He pulled her into a comforting hug. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Jacknfelt as if he'd lost the ability to move. It was one thing tonimagine the possibilities of what had happened to Sam, but he nevernthought he might have to witness it as a helpless bystander. \"Jack? Are you still sitting in front of that console?\" Henjumped, and sighed wearily when Nigel walked into view. \"Maybe. I'm not sure of anything anymore.\" Nigelnpulled up a chair. \"The President has authorized a rescue andnreclaim mission on the lab. If the dirtbags have found a way in,nthey're getting their hands on more than anyone should in thenpresent circumstances.\" \"I'dnresist the urge to say 'I told you so,' but—wait, what happenednto them having too much fire power to ensure any mission would standna chance?\" \"We'venfound our insurance.\" \"Whatninsurance?\" \"Theynwant a hundred mil,\" Nigel elaborated with a trace of a grim smile. \"And we have to deliver.\" Jack'snmomentum shot from zero to eighty. \"Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go!\" He made for the door. \"Holdnon, way-way-way-wait!\" Nigel jumped up to stop him. \"He didn'tnwant to involve you. I just thought you'd want to know plans werenunderway. Sam will be back before—\" \" What? \" \"Henthinks you're too close the situation. With Sam's life in thenbalance, he doesn't want to risk you doing something rash.\" \"Thennlet me go. If I have to sit back and wait, that's when I'llndo something rash. I'll do anything—follow orders, fly thenchopper, take a bullet, but don't make me sit around.\" \"That'snnot my decision, Jack. I did all I could, and I'm sorry.\" \"Thenndo more,\" Jack growled. Nigel withered under his gaze. Twondays later, after much protesting, negotiation, and scrambling tonraise money, Jack was settling in for a long chopper ride. Acrossnfrom him was Captain Miller, the mission C.O., and Josh Taggert. Laura, Brian, and DJ had all wanted to come, but this was to benstrictly military—with the exception of Jack, of course. Betweennthe marines was strapped a heavy duffle bag with the ransom. \"What'sngonna happen is we'll drop the package at the front door, an' hitnthat dead space between visual and radar,\" Captain Miller addressednthe team in front of him and over the radio. A total of four BlacknHawks were running this mission. \"There's a bunker tunnel runsnhalf a mile out from the lab. It's unfinished, so the securitynsystem don't reach that far. A hidden bug on the ransom'll givenus eyes'n ears where it counts. We gotta bust these guys beforenthey do real damage…yes?\" The burly commander recognized Josh'snhalf-raised hand. \"Sir,nwhat if they just give up the hostages when we give 'em the money?\" Millernsnorted, though not rudely. \"How much you wanna bet they'llnactually do that? Dirtbags don't play fair. Get used to it, too. Any other questions?\" Silencenrang in the armor-plated chopper. \"Good. We're movin' out!\"[Chapter 5] Sam fought to remain calm as their captors turned off first the video camera, then the radio \"I don't know what to do, Sam.\" \"Well, you said earlier you would have to give him what he wants, that it was the only way to have a chance at saving lives.\" He didn't mean to sound harsh, but their new routine was starting to grate on Sam's nerves. Scant meals and brief bathroom visits were the only times they'd seen the outside of the freezer for over two days. Even while taking turns keeping each other warm, it was a miracle that neither of them had developed hypothermia yet. On top of all that, Katie couldn't make up her mind about the best action to take from here. \"I know, but what 'other things' was he talking about? All my life, this has been a meteorology lab and nothing else. I couldn't give him anything else, even if I wanted to!\" Sam couldn't think of a response to that. He was spared having to come up with one, however, by the familiar clank outside the freezer door. \"Come,\" Rykov commanded as soon as the door was open far enough. \"Ve haff vaited patiently; I tink it iss time you led us to vat ve came for.\" Said patience apparently spent, he started to pull Katie up by the hooded jacket under her labcoat. \"Okay, okay!\" she answered shrilly. \"I can show you the prototypes, and the computer plans—I wasn't supposed to know the passwords, but I do anyway. What I don't know is this other stuff you keep talking about, though—ow!\" \"Hey! Let go of her!\" Sam, despite his stiffness from being locked in the freezer, leapt up at the officer. Rykov fended off the attack easily, shoving Sam so his cheek connected with the edge of a shelf. Before he could even sit up, there was a gun in his face. \"I vos just going to leaf you here, or vould you rather I kill you now?\" Sam kept looking from Rykov's face to the gun, and back. His heart was pounding to match the throbbing new gash on his cheek. Katie's eyes were welling up with tears. \"Wait! I'll show you everything I can! I'll cooperate! Please, just don't hurt him!\" she pleaded. Rykov smiled his cold smile, and reached out to her. \"I knew you vould. Convince me anyway.\" Katie shuddered as his fingers brushed her cheek. His gaze wasn't just cruel, it was…predatory. Suddenly she was afraid to go anywhere with him. \"One condition—Sam comes with us.\" \"I think not,\" said Rykov, now guiding Katie out of the freezer. \"Dere vill be a guard heah; if you do not cooperate, I vill haff za boy shot.\" \"I can promise my cooperation, but I cannot guarantee his.\" Katie knew her voice was shaking. \"And isn't a threat clearer when visible?\" \"Smart girl. Maybe too smart, for your own good. Ve shall bring him…you ah skating on dat much tinner ice, dough, my deah. Tie zere hands!\" Sam was hauled up and dragged along behind Katie. Suddenly the radio on Rykov's belt split the silence. \"United World Communist Order, this is Captain Miller, U.S. Marines,\" said a fuzzy voice. \"We are approaching your front doorstep with the welcome gift you asked for. Requesting further instructions, over.\" Rykov immediately changed course as he snatched up the radio. \"I heah you. You ah to drop it from your transport, and remain no closer dan fife miles from dis base.\" \"What about the hostages?\" \"Money first. Ven ve ah sure ve haff vat ve vant, you vill be alerted to pick up yor precias hostages.\" Rykov allowed himself a low chuckle. \"How foolish of you, to leaf yor falubles in ze care off children.\" Backhround voices came in over the radio, as if someone was trying to force his way through the devise itself. Sam's ears pricked up—he knew his dad's voice anywhere. \"Copy that,\" Captain Miller's voice panted. \"It should arrive any minute now.\" \"Good.\" Rykov shut off the radio. He led the little group to the loading bay, where several of the officer's command stood watch over the ruined entrance. Sam wondered where the Colonel's vehicles were, since all attempts to open the door while leaving it intact had apparently failed. He and Katie were seated roughly, and Rykov barked orders in another language, causing two of the soldiers to race outside. \"So, was your theory right?\" Katie whispered to Sam. \"I think so. After that crack about leaving the base to a couple of kids, I'm pretty sure I heard my dad's voice on the other end. He's probably been going ballistic.\" Further explanation was silenced by a sharp kick to Sam's back. Silence reigned until the runners returned with a large, black bag. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"Alright, we're in,\" muttered the captain. Jack and Josh peered over his shoulders at the portable screen. The image was dim, and bounced to match the gait of whoever carried the bag. Voices conversed in an indistinguishable language. The bag was turned, and set down. \"There's the hostages.\" Jack squinted slightly. The girl showed up well because of her labcoat. After a few seconds, he could recognize Sam next to her. A fresh cut oozed blood on one cheek, but other than that, he seemed okay. Both did, although they looked cold. \"Vell, I giff yor government one credit,\" a voice they recognized as the leader's said loudly. \"Dey still keep dere vord, now ant again. But before I let dem haff you, you vill giff me vat I vant.\" The camera showed Sam and the girl being pulled to their feet before it was carried to what looked like an office. The sound of a door shutting and locking could be heard. Jack cursed under his breath. The captain closed the screen and set it aside. \"That's that. Now we go have a look-see for ourselves. Jack, you got a bullet-proof vest, right?\" he asked in a clipped tone. \"Yeah. I'm hoping I get a gun from you.\" \"I'm afraid that's a negative. You an' the medic gotta be hands-free to grab the hostages. Any shooting's gotta be sniper-sharp anyway, based on the situation. Remember the condition on which you were brought along.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Jack answered resignedly. He wanted dearly to pay the scum back for every pain Sam had suffered, but this mission had to go by strict orders if it was going to work. \"Okay, let's move out.\" The sky was beginning to darken with early evening as they filed stealthily from the choppers to the abandoned bunker tunnel. Then it would be a half-mile of darkness into unseen enemy territory. Hold on just a little longer, Sam. I'm coming for you. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - As they walked, Sam realized he'd never actually been in the lab itself. He and Katie had stuck to the living quarters and, as of late, the freezer. All the hallways in this part of the base were white. After what seemed like entirely too long, they stopped at a door. \"Da key?\" Rykov asked Katie. \"Back right pocket of my pants,\" she replied without looking at him, and began fidgeting with her labcoat. The colonel grabbed her tied hands. \"You remain still. I vill get zem.\" The gesture might have come off as kind, if his hand hadn't remained in her pocket much longer than appropriate. Sam saw Katie's face turn pink as she stared determinedly at the door in front of her. \"Vich vone iss it?\" Rykov fingered through the many keys. \"The white plastic piece,\" Katie said shortly. \"You tap it to the black square above the handle. And the passcode is…51843uf02a.\" Her bottom lip began to tremble. Rykov studied the keypad as he punched the numbers in. \"Ahh, Daddy's little girl, I see. How touching.\" He pulled open the door, and Katie marched herself in. \"The smallest silver key works the conveyor belt; it leads directly back to the loading bay. The discs are all in the safe—combo's 14, 7, 42.\" \"Very good. Ve shall get to zat in a moment.\" \"What?\" Both Katie and Sam were confused. \"Dere iss more I need to see first.\" \"But this is it—this is all we have, I swear!\" Katie exclaimed. \"I don't know what else you think is here, but I can assure you—\" \" Silence , lying Amerikan tramp!\" Rykov backhanded her so hard, she fell to the floor. Two of their escorts held Sam where he was, helpless to stand between his friend and the madman towering over her. The colonel pulled her back to her feet by her short hair. She cried out. \"Zere heah, I know zere heah! Tell me !\" \"She doesn't know after all,\" said a cool voice to Sam's right. It was one of the black-clad soldiers—except he spoke perfect English. \"Enough games,\" spat Rykov. \"If someone doesn't show me right now, I vill shoot her…and you. You, vit all yor inside information, little traitor.\" Katie's mouth dropped open as the man removed his mask. \" Scott ? Ed Scott? Why—how—you—\" \"Yes, Katie, it's me, in all my turncoat glory. Did you really think this place was totally rid of the military?\" Scott finished for her. \"No, we were asked one favor when we took the base.\" \"And then you used it to betray your country!\" Katie shot back. \"If my dad were here—\" \"Well he's not here, so shut up for once, you little brat!\" Scott shouted. \"Gone are the days when I had to put up with you. You and your petty father were getting too smart for your own good.\" \"I said enough!\" roared the colonel. He fired a warning shot into the air, then leveled his pistol at Scott's chest. \"You vill show me now !\" Hands in plain sight, Scott led the red-faced man and his entourage to a door on the far side of the room. uf02a (If the hint wasn't clear, 51843 spells 'Katie')[Chapter 6] Jack felt as if he'd lost the ability to move \"Guns at the ready from here, boys,\" whispered Captain Miller. They were at a door at the end of the tunnel; everyone waitednsilently while the captain listened. \"Nothin' movin'. Drake—hook up the key pad an' let us in.\" Asnsoon as the pad turned green, Miller thrust the door open and hustledneveryone in. Gun muzzles scoped out every corner. \"Clear!\" Miscellaneousnsupplies were organized around the walls of the small room, obviouslynintended for the unfinished bunker. Two other doors led out of thenroom—one straight ahead, the other near the corner of thenright-hand wall. The longer this was taking, the jumpier Jack felt. Millernconsulted an electronic floor plan, then pointed to the door on thenright. \"Jack, stay to the middle of the group. This could turnnhairy real quick.\" Thencaptain opened the door. Another hallway. The outline of a doorwaynto the left of the task force was barely visible, roughly twenty feetnaway. Half of the group broke to the other side. \"Heavennhelp us…\" Miller breathed as he glanced in. But no sooner hadnthe soldiers cleared the sight line when an unseen door opened insidenthe room. \"Thisnis it! This is what you wanted, Rykov, I promise!\" \"Inhope so…for yor sake.\" The second speaker was their radio friendnand presumed leader. Miller signaled for everyone to hold theirnpositions. \"It'snall here,\" said the first voice, his nervousness more pronouncednnow. \"The largest stockpile in the U.S.. So you might want tonrethink waving that gun around, unless you want to risk blowing usnall to kingdom come.\" \"Inblow you to kingdom come, if you speak to me zat vay again. Don't vorry, I haff impeccable aim.\" \"Eddie,nI don't believe you—did my dad know about this?\" a new voicenpipped up. A girl's. \"There'sna lot of stuff he didn't know, sweet cheeks. Your daddy wasn'tntoo fond of the military, but they were willing to pay handsomely fornstorage. Secrecy's valuable these days.\" \"I'ffnhad enough off yor bickering!\" growled Rykov. \"Dis has takennlong enough as it iss, ant I'm growing impatient. If zenAmerikans—\" Millerngave the signal. \"Hands up! Drop your weapons!\" Rykov jumped anmile, but quickly recovered his cold smile. \"Vellnvell vell. I hope you realize dat veapons vould be suicide downnheah. Look vere you ah.\" Jacknstared. The floor of the huge room was covered in orderly rows ofnnuclear warheads, broken up by aisles that made the room negotiable. Rykov and his party were roughly in the center. \"Thennit's back the way you came,\" snapped Miller. \"We will talk terms, just not here.\" \"Asnyou vish.\" Rykov started to back towards the door. At the lastnsecond, however, he pulled a knife and held it to the captive girl'snthroat. Her hands were still tied behind her back. \"You forgetnzat I still haff vat you vant, Amerikan. I told you to stay fifenmiles avay until furter notice. I haff a mind to kill zem right now,nin front off yor eyes!\" At this, one of the other men pulled Samnforward, holding a gun to his head. Jackncould've cried right then. It was bad enough to have watched anscreen, but positively heartwrenching to see his son's appearancenin person. What would he tell Lucy if Sam died right in front ofnhim? \"Now,nI'm gracious enough to giff you one last chance. You vill leaf yornveapons heah, an two off my comrades shall escort you back to yorntransportation. Dere you vill vait until I am done heah. Onlynden vill you see yor precias children alive ant vell. \" Millernnodded slowly, laying down his weapon. The others followed suit. Jack realized too late that he should fake putting a gun down too, sonas to remain inconspicuous, but Sam recognized him. \"Dad!\"nthe boy shouted before his captor could clamp a hand over his mouth. \"Getnzem out off heah!\" Rykov ordered. The hostages were wrestled backnthrough their door while the task force was corralled through thenother. However, they'd barely made it to the bunker room whennCaptain Miller hissed, \"Now!\" Thendoor was shut behind them and the escorts ambushed. Their guns werenredistributed to Miller's best snipers before Jack could turnnaround. \"Alright,nhere's the deal; we have to take 'em out now . Drake,nSparetto, you'll go in first. I want it done Patriot -style—startnwith the leader, hostage holders, and down. We may not get a chancenfor hand-to-hand. Jack, Doc, I want you two to find cover asap. Wait for my signal. Rest of you—the more confusion, the better. Keep 'em guessing 'til someone can take 'em down. Is thatnclear?\" \"Yesnsir!\" the men barked as one, though quietly. \"Right—thisnway.\" Millernled them through the other door, down a hallway running parallel tonthe one they would have taken into the base. The way was dark fornabout 200 feet or so, and then a small light appeared to one side. Anwindow, set into a door to a white room. \"Thenlab,\" Miller breathed. Voices were echoing in multiple languagesnon the other side. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Samnwas shoved into a corner, mouth now taped to prevent furthernoutbursts, and left with a guard to stand over him. The othernsoldiers dispersed to begin packing up what they came for. Rykovnhimself oversaw the proceedings with his arm tightly around Katie'snwaist. \"BeforenI go,\" he purred, \"do not tink dat I trow compliments on beautynlightly. I alvays mean vat I say. And it vould be a shame to vastensuch beauty, eh?\" Katientried with all her might to wriggle out of his powerful grasp. \"Inthink,\" she said between grunts of effort, \"that you have a sicknand twisted mind.\" Rykovnappeared unperturbed. \"Not dat it matters for you.\" Samnhad never wanted to hurt someone so badly in his life. The guy wasninsane! After everything that had happened, and he still wanted tonhave his way with an eighteen-year-old girl! But you know Dad'snhere; he'll find a way back in time. Asidenfrom blocking his escape, the guard wasn't paying attention to Sam. Broken glass lay nearby from Rykov's warning shot less than halfnan hour ago…had it really been less than half an hour? To Sam, itnfelt like ages. He shook the distracting thought out of his head,nand instead focused on procuring a piece of glass. He would be readynwhen the time came. Itncame sooner than he thought. Gunfire split the air from a door hencouldn't see. Then the army guys were pouring in, systematicallyntaking out each of the foreign soldiers. His guard went down withinnfifteen seconds. Scrambling, Sam finally managed to grasp a glassnshard to turn on the rope binding his wrists. Now they were down tonRykov, who was using Katie as a shield. The knife had been shotndeftly out of his hand. The room became suddenly and eerily quiet. \"It'snover, Rykov,\" one Marine's voice rang out. Must be thencommander. \"Let her go.\" \"Sonyou can shoot me? I tink not. I can still kill her.\" Justna little more… Sam sawed frantically at his bonds, unable toncall out for help. \"Ifnyou surrender now, we'll see to it that you live to have a fairntrial, at least.\" Rykovntightened his headlock on Katie until she whimpered. \"How do Inknow I can trust you, Amerikan dog? Twice now, you haff appearednuninvited. You'ff killed my men. I haff no reason to belief you.\" \"She'snjust a victim of the circumstances. All she was doing here wasnliving with her father, before being stranded and orphaned by thensuperstorm. You have nothing against her personally.\" Asnthe commander was talking, holding Rykov's attention, two of thenMarines had slipped up on either side of the foreign officer. Nownthey grabbed him by the arms, and forced him to release Katie. Shenstumbled forward, letting herself be caught by Josh Taggert. He's here? \"Where'snthe other hostage?\" the commander asked. Rykovnshrugged. \"How should I know by now? Probably slipped avay vilenyou vere busy shooting everysing.\" Thengroup made a hurried exit, not knowing that they were leaving Samnbehind. He was so close to freeing himself! Echoing voices andnfootsteps, plus the tape still covering his mouth, prevented himngaining any notice. Come on, darn it! Snap already! Thenglass had cut into his fingers, making everything slippery. But henfinally strained enough to break the rope. Freedom! Everything wasnstiff and fatigued; even so, he rose, staggering to catch up with thenothers. Meanwhile,nthe main group had almost reached the loading bay. They took thenremaining soldiers by surprise. \"Don'tnshoot!\" Rykov pleaded. He was being held out in front. \"Put yornveapons down! Do it!\" Severalnof the Marines dispersed to collect the discarded weapons. OnlynCaptain Miller remained motionless. Josh and the medic were seeingnto the girl. Jack had no idea what to do with himself. This was bynno means a calmed situation, and there was still no sign of Sam. Without meaning to, however, he presented himself as a lone target. Everything happened at once. Samnstumbled in, winded and bleeding, but not yet drained of all energy. It didn't take much to take in the scene. \"Hey Dad!\" \"Sam?\" Jack spun around. At that moment, Rykov took his guards bynsurprise. Ducking out from under their grasp, he smashed their headsntogether, stole a pistol from one of their holsters, and pointed itnat Jack. \"Dad,nlook out!\" Sam sprinted the remaining distance, diving at the lastnminute in front of his father just as two shots rang out. \" Nooooo !\"nJack screamed. Sam fell right at his feet, his face twisted in pain,ntwo red blossoms appearing on his tattered shirt. Soldiers werenjumping on Rykov. The girl was screaming. Josh was shouting. Butnall Jack was aware of was his son gasping for breath that pain wasndenying him. \"Sam? Sammy? Listen to me, you're going to benalright, you hear? I'm taking you home.\" \"Itnhurts so much, Dad!\" Sam moaned over and over. The medic crashednto his knees with his supplies. \"Okay,nlooks like a through-and-through just below the collarbone, and a hitnto the shoulder joint. Lift 'im up a little. Sam, can you hearnme?\" Jackncradled his son, stabs of anguish and guilt ripping through hisnstomach with Sam's every cry. \"Just hold on, Sammy. He'sngotta put pressure on the wounds.\" \"Auugh! Dad, it hurts…\" Sam was losing consciousness from the traumanand blood loss. The medic gave him a dose of morphine, and tried tonsecure a field bandage as best he could. Jack realized he wasncrying, the tears splashing on Sam's relaxing face. \"It'snprobably best that we let him remain unconscious for now,\" said thenmedic, beginning to clean up. \"As long as we watch his vitals, henshould be okay, at least long enough to get 'im back to anhospital.\" \"I'venalready sent word for the pilots to rendezvous outside, and thenPresident has sent another convoy for prisoners,\" Captain Millernchimed in. \"How's 'ee doin'?\" he asked Jack more quietly. Jackndidn't answer; instead, he jumped as someone bumped into his arm. The girl had approached them of her own free will for the first time. Her hazel eyes were wide and reddened with fear and crying, andnriveted on Sam. Jack gently reached out and took her hand, whichnflinched but didn't pull away. \"He's going to be okay,\" henpromised her. I hope. Twentynminutes later, the first couple of Black Hawks were on their waynsouth. Josh found himself in the medical chopper. Dr. Hall wasnasleep from exhaustion (and the relaxer he'd been ordered to take),na hand resting lightly on Sam's good shoulder. Sam himself hadn'tnstirred since the shootout. The girl, Katie, had fallen asleep withnher head on Dr. Hall's arm, and one of Sam's bandaged handsnclasped tightly in hers. There'snjust something about this guy, Josh thought. I only hope Incan be that for Laura. She's lucky to have a friend like Sam…You'dnbetter live through this, Sammo, 'cuz you got so much goin' fornya.[Chapter 7] Laura didn't know what woken her; it was still dark outside Laurandidn't know what woken her; it was still dark outside. Nevertheless, something was definitely keeping her from falling back asleep. Or maybe she was just worrying too much about the rescuenmission. Shouldn'tnthey be back by now? Josh had said the longest part would be gettingnthere and back. Drop the money, grab the hostages, and leave…God,nplease let Sam be okay, please! I could never forgive myself ifnsomething happened to him… Thoughtsncontinued to race around Laura's mind as she finally decided to getnup and take a walk. Fresh air always cleared her mind, even when thenclock said 3:18 a.m. A blanket around the shoulders would benuseful. Butnshe had barely been outside a minute when lights appeared in thendistant sky. As she watched, they slowly grew larger and morendistinct, and a thumping sound started in. The helicopters! Lauranscrambled to the landing pad, arriving just as the first pilotnswitched the engine to idle, so the passengers could get out beforenhe made way for the others. Josh climbed out first, to be promptlyntackled by his girlfriend. \"Laura! How'd you—what're you doing out here?\" he shouted over thenengine. Lauranwas so relieved to see him that she didn't even notice thenambulance that pulled up behind her. \"Couldn't sleep! I'venbeen out of my mind with worry—what took so long?\" \"Wenhit a few snags.\" Josh turned to help a battered-looking girl in anlabcoat, followed by Dr. Hall. His coat had spattered blood on it. Sam's dad, in turn, received a limp form from another man in armynfatigues. Laura's hand flew to her mouth when she caught a glimpsenof Sam's pale face and blood-soaked bandages. Paramedics met themnhalfway with a gurney. \"Thenleader tried to take out Dr. Hall as a last resort,\" Joshnexplained. \"Sam didn't know he was wearing a bullet-proof vest. The doc said he should be okay once we get 'im to a hospital.\" He rubbed Laura's shoulders as the ambulance loaded up and drovenaway. \"Come on, let's head back before I drop where I stand. Wencan go see him later when they've patched 'im up.\" Lauranstared after the receding taillights. \"Who's the girl?\" \"KatienGrant. She was the only one left in the place for three months. Inguess she got attached to Sam while they were held prisonerntogether.\" \"Yeah,\"nshe replied absent-mindedly. She felt happy, and yet jealous at thensame time. Sam was her best friend. Somehow she never reallynimagined what it would be like when he had a girlfriend of his own. - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Itnwas gutwrenching for Jack all over again when he found Lucy andnbrought her to the main hospital. His wife burst into tears as soonnas she walked into the room. Sam was hooked up to oxygen, sedatives,nand a heart monitor as a precaution; he was lucky enough not to needna full ICU. Thick white bandages rendered half his upper bodynimmobile. \"Lucy,nLucy, it's going to be okay,\" Jack whispered in her ear. \"He'sncome this far with flying colors, and physical therapy should givenhim full use of his arm again. They're just going to wait 24 hoursnbefore taking him off the sedatives. Sam's a strong kid.\" \"Inknow,\" sobbed Lucy. \"It's just so hard to see our baby likenthis. He looks so helpless.\" She watched Sam's bare chestnrising and falling steadily. After a minute or so, Jack started tonlead her to the door. \"Wenshould get some sleep.\" Lucynnodded calmly, but jumped with surprise when she opened the door. The girl, Katie, was poised to open it herself from the outside,nshowing equal surprise. \"I'mnsorry! Didn't mean to intrude!\" she apologized, thrusting hernhands in the air. Light bandages were visible on her forehead andnone wrist. \"They treated some minor injuries and released me. Indidn't have anywhere else to go, and anyway, I wanted to see hownSam was doing.\" She looked a little uncomfortable. \"It's sonweird to be around people again. Normal people, that is.\" Jackncouldn't resist a smile at the added comment. \"He's sedatednright now. Katie Grant, this is my wife and Sam's mother, LucynHall. Katie was alone up there for three months before we picked upnthat distress signal. All of this must have been beyondnoverwhelming. We were just about to get some shuteye in the lounge;nyou're welcome to do the same.\" Katiennodded. \"It's just…he's all I've got left.\" She glancednbetween the Halls and the doorframe at Sam, then uncertainly at Jack. \"You don't mind, do you?\" \"Oh,ndear, of course not,\" said Lucy, taking the girl under her arm. \"We're here for you, too, if you need us. It's the least wencould do, after what you did for Sam.\" Hernnew charge blushed. \"It was a mutual effort. I thought I would goncrazy, having not seen another living thing for so long. Then henkept me from losing my head completely when the nutcases showed up. He saved me as much as I saved him—you should be very proud.\" \"Wenare. Lucy pulled Katie into a one-armed hug. \"But more thannanything, we're just glad you're both safe.\" - - - - -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Katienjerked awake for the millionth time…to yet another false alarm. The doctor had said it could still be a few hours before Samnwoke up. However, the amazing reserve of patience she'd found atnthe lab seemed to have finally depleted itself. No,nSam was as still and peaceful-looking as ever, masking how close ancall it had been. Katie pulled the blanket a little higher on hisnchest—a hospital gown had proved impossible for the moment becausenof the sheer complexity and volume of the bandages on his shoulder. In a way, it made her feel guilty to have gotten away with ninenstitches. Stopnit! she chided herself. You know you couldn't have helpednwhat happened. And he's going to make a full recovery, anyway. Further thought was punctured loudly by a growl from her stomach. Dr. Hall may have been able to convince Lucy to take breaks, but henhad no will power over Katie. Shenknew she should eat something soon, though. Since arriving nearly 36nhours ago, she'd had only two of those plain hospital meals, bothnthe previous day. \"Indon't want to leave Sam alone,\" she said aloud. As if speakingnit out loud would make it any more a convincing excuse. But seeingnhim get shot had brought out something new, something different innher. She couldn't bear to let anything else happen to him. Itnwon't do any good if you passed out from hunger, either, anvoice piped up inside her head. There's vending machines withnyogurt and Wheat Thins just around the corner. You'd be back inntwo minutes… Katie'snbetter judgment finally won over, with her stomach rumbling itsnagreement. However, no sooner had she reached the door when, rightnon cue, the sound of rustling sheets came from behind her. Shenlooked over her shoulder. Sam'snface had twisted into a sleepy grimace, his good hand reflexivelyngrabbing a fistful of the blanket. It was like watching a baby orntoddler wake up. Katie rushed back to the bedside. \"Hey,nSam, it's me, Katie,\" she said softly. With the gentleness of anmother, she brushed Sam's dark hair off his face. His eyesnfluttered slowly open, apparently with much effort. It took severalnseconds before they focused on Katie. She beamed at him throughnhappy tears. \"W…wherenare we?\" he whispered hoarsely. \"What happened?\" \"Shhh,nwe're back in Mexico. You and I are currently sitting in anhospital. Rykov and his remaining goons are in a maximum securitynprison until an international council can be appointed to try them. And your parents should be around somewhere.\" \"Everythingnfeels stiff.\" \"Inbet it does. Half your left side is covered in bandages to hold yournshoulder together. It'll probably be like that for awhile, too.\" Samnclosed his eyes as he took a deep, pained breath. When he openednthem, though, they were focused directly on Katie. \"Are you okay?\" Blushing,nKatie nodded. Gazes conveyed what didn't need to be said in words. But they only had few moments to share it—a strangled gaspnannounced the arrival of Dr. and Mrs. Hall. Katie stepped aside tonlet them see their son; Sam grabbed her hand before she could getnfar. \"Stay,\"nhe whispered. \"Oh,nSammy, I'm so glad you're awake!\" his mother sobbed. \"We'venbeen so worried about you—don't you ever disappear like thatnagain, do you hear me?\" \"Yeah,nyeah, okay, Mom,\" Sam groaned. Further protests followed anhair-ruffling from his dad. But his grip on Katie's hand remainednfirm. \"HeynSam, can I have my hand back for a minute? I haven't eatennanything all day.\" \"Oh,nsorry. Just don't be gone too long.\" He gave her a crookednsmile. Katienrolled her eyes. \"I won't.\" She had hardly stepped out of thenroom before bumping into a whole group of people. There was Laura,nthe girl who had met them upon arrival, and the young Marine from thenrescue mission. Then there were two boys about Katie's age, and anthird guy who looked about ten years older. \"Isnhe awake yet?\" asked Laura. Her expression was as if her lifendepended on the answer. \"Um,nyeah, he's talkin' to his parents right now. It'd probably bena good idea not to crowd in, though.\" Katie glanced at the groupnaround her. \"I mean, not wanting to be mean…\" She feltnsuddenly cornered and claustrophobic. \"No,nit makes perfect sense,\" one of the boys finished for her. \"Name'snBrian, by the way. But I can wait my turn. Laura, you should gonfirst.\" \"Huh?\" Laura looked slightly uncomfortable. \"Yeah,nLaura, you're his best friend,\" chimed the other boy. The groupnmoved to find seats, and Katie left for the vending machines. Shyly,nalmost fearfully, Laura knocked on the door, and peeked inside. \"Comenin,\" she heard Dr. Hall's voice call. Sam was still awake, hisnbed tilted up just a little. All the bandages made him look sonhelpless. Laura could only wave hi in response. \"Hey,nLaura,\" Sam greeted her in a tired voice. \"Mom, Dad, could youngive us a couple minutes? Make sure Katie doesn't disappear on me. You know how she's scared of the crowds.\" Lucynshowed some reservation; Dr. Hall's hand on her shoulder finallynguided her out the door. Therenwas a minute or so of silence, during which Laura took in Sam'sngeneral appearance. An IV in his good hand, the oxygen feed windingnacross his face, fading bruises on his bare chest and arms…and thenhulking mass of white supporting his shoulder. Laura couldn't takenit anymore, and burst into tears. \"Hey,nhey, what's up?\" Sam asked, his brow furrowing with concern. \"Infeel like all this is my fault! I dumped the news on you after notnseeing each other for so long, not even taking time to sit down andnexplain properly. And now, because of that, you're—\" \" Laura,nthis isn't your fault! \" Sam's words, though quiet, were sonforceful that Laura was shocked into silence. \" I chose tonrun off and not hear you out. I was stupid, yeah. I guess we werensuch close friends that I wasn't prepared to think that we wouldnremain just that. I should have been happy for you, andninstead I chose to be a jerk.\" This speech seemed to be wearingnhim out, but he continued anyway. \"Thisnis in no way your fault, Laura. Every mission has its risks, and thendecision to go lies entirely with me. Besides, if I hadn't gone, Inmight never have met Katie. Come on in.\" Lauranjumped as she realized someone was knocking. It was the girl shenkept seeing everywhere. Despite having been in Mexico City for twondays now, Katie was still in the ragged boys' clothes she'dnarrived in, though the labcoat had finally been done away with. Nownthe embroidered patch, reading \"Grant\" in blue letters, wasnsafety-pinned to the sleeve of her hooded jacket. \"I'mnnot interrupting anything, am I?\" she asked in a small voice. Shenwas holding timidly to her vending machine meal. \"No,nyou're fine,\" Sam answered quickly. \"In fact, I was hoping yountwo could meet formally. Laura, this is Katie Grant.\" Laura sawnthe look he gave the new girl—the same one he'd once given her… \"Pleasurento finally meet you, Laura,\" Katie was saying, holding out a handnto shake. Laura took the offered hand. It was a littlenstrange that Sam had come to love someone else. But Katie soundednlike a nice girl to know, and Laura did get her own boyfriendnfirst. \"Wenshould hang out sometime,\" she offered. \"I still haven't heardnmuch about this terrorist adventure.\" \"Soundsngood to me. I feel like I've missed so much, being cooped up innthe lab.\" \"There'sna coffee shop downstairs, if you want to go now. Seems Starbucksnreally has squeezed into everywhere possible.\" \"Yes,nplease take the conversation elsewhere—some of us would like tonsleep, ya know. Don't bother saying goodbye,\" Sam cut in dryly. Katiengiggled as she bounced back to him and kissed his forehead. \"Inpromise I'll be back later to check on you.\" \"Aww,nget outta here,\" he muttered, waving her away with his good arm andnblushing furiously. Laura had to smile to herself. Maybe it wasn'tnso bad after all. Fin! ","Summary":" On My Own OnnMy Own Samnand Laura's friendship is tested, pushing Sam to join a recklessnmission in"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Enchanted Love","Author":"dreamalx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5611688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good sides to bad sides I'm standing beside Maybelle, as we watch the terabithian's rejoice. But little did they know, I was not that happy. Still, memories of Leslie Burke are haunting me, as I watch the Terabithia grow. We built this place. I said to myself. Well, I don't blame Maybelle, I dragged her here. It's just, a kingdom without a queen is incomplete. I wish she were here. I wish she could see this Terabithia. The world we created through our friendship, and love for each other. But maybe something's in life are unavoidable, and meant to be. Leslie did die. But in our hearts, she'll remain. I jumped out of bed, a new morning at last! Everyday I hope that I'll see Leslie one more time. Maybe it's a little ignorant wish, but who cares. I'm back from being a loner again. Oh, I almost forgot. It's a school day. Beep. The school bus horned. I'm still on the greenhouse. Not that my dad told me to, but because I have my own flowers now. Haha. I always smile and laugh when I see them. By the time I could reach the bus, I prepared myself for total madness. Janice Ivory for example. But remembering my past, it shall be a piece of cake. \"Good Morning Jess.\" Driver greets me as I enter the bus. \"Uh, Good Morning Sire.\" I replied, shocked at the moment. Our driver, is not that active on greeting others. So maybe he did learn something. I made my seat at the seat where Leslie and I used to sit. I didn't notice something until Janice Ivory told me. \"Hey Jess, Why'd you cry?\" She asked, in a nice way. Oh yeah. I remember now. Janice Ivory changed already. She's now one of the good ones. That means bullies on school are reduced. Yeah. The bus moved as if my surroundings are silent. Bus moving without a sound, quiet boy's and girl's. I don't feel so good. Normally first thing in the morning, people start throwing stuffs at us. Oh, Catsup! I remember Leslie getting thrown at by Catsups. Leslie, Oh no, I remembered her again. \"Nothing actually, thanks.\" I replied Janice Ivory. I tried to sleep, since there was no Leslie Burke to talk to anymore. She totally ran through my mind the whole day. \"Hey guys!\" Miss Edmunds cheerfully said. I see Miss Edmunds is now okay. I remember one music class, which was boring. Such boredom brought by the aftershock of Leslie Burke's death. Days flew faster than the usual. Each day, for ne, was not unique. Since there where no Terabithia visits. No not-so-new thing to do. What? I cant blame myself for that. I was lonely, that's the problem. I'm not that hyper, to do such happy things. I feel like being alone is the best game I'll ever play. At last, summer. Hey, everybody wants summer. It's the part where you'll think of pure-no-studies things. Play, play, play! That's what's on THEIR minds.. On my mind, is something a normal kid would never think. Summer, a boring season, no school to keep me occupied, no homework's to work on to. Woah, that's heavy. I started to help my dad on the greenhouse. \"Jess, instead of being bored here, why don't you go play with your friends?\" my dad asked me. \"Sure dad, if I have any.\" \"You could make one.\" \"If there was a genie.\" \"No, there's a new family that moved at the neighborhood.\" Dad said. I stared at my dad, looking and checking if he's lying or what. I see truth in his eyes. I don't want any friends. I told myself. \"Please?\" Dad pleaded. This time, I was so shocked. I never experienced someone saying please for me to have a friend. This time, I kept my mind opened to the happenings. This time I realized my dad cared for me, after that incident. \"Oh, sure dad.\" I smiled. I walked from greenhouse to neighbor. I really don't know what to say. Should I say, Hi! I want you and me to be friends! I don't think so. I plan on spying first, and looking what the new dude or girl looks like. I waited for hours for one of them to go out. \"Samuel! You're not being fair again!\" I heard. Then someone came out. She saw me. \"Oh, Hello there!\" She said. I approached her immediately. \"Hello, I'm Jess. I live on the neighbor.\" \"Nice, I'm Samantha.\"[Chapter 2] I'm in love with Samantha Linens As she smiles when words softly got out, I felt nothing. No happiness, no shyness, no anything. I tried to smile, nothing happened. I tried to think of what to say and words come out randomly… \"Hello Samantha, can I be you're friend?\" I randomly said. \"Oh, sure Jess. Glad to be one.\" She smiled. I ran aimlessly, looking like a child. What the, what just happened? I forgot things. \"Hey, you're so red dude.\" Samantha said. I found myself blushing as she approaches me. I ran quickly as I can to the greenhouse to breathe normally… What the fuck was that? I asked myself big time. Am I in love? No. That's impossible. I'm not that soft. But what the heck, she's so pretty; the way she speaks was so tender that I forgot everything occupying my mind. Her beautiful hair, shoulder length, curled black, cute cheeks that will make you fall from where you are standing. When she smiles, everything seems clearer, and the optimistic side of her based on the shirt she customized is influencing me, I don't know. I never felt anything this good. The next morning, the first thing that popped on my mind was Samantha Linens. Why oh why? I'm getting confused. When I was about to enter the bus, someone quickly raced me to the entrance, unfamiliar one. \"Jerk.\" He told me. I ignored him, and let him get in. The moment I was about to enter, someone touched me. Not again? I told myself. Someone's going to bully me again. \"Hey Jess, sorry about my brother.\" Samantha said. It was Samantha. \"He was your brother?\" \"Unfortunately yes.\" She laughed, and then entered. Afterwards, I ensured that no one's going to interrupt me from entering. \"Hey Jess, seat beside me.\" Samantha said. \"Sure Samantha.\" \"Samantha's too long, Maybe Sammy would be okay?\" She advised. \"Well, sure, Sammy.\" I said. \"Nice. That's my brother, Samuel Linens. You can call him Sam.\" \"Oh, sure. Nice names.\" I told Sammy. \"No way. Mine's a lot better.\" Sammy added. \"By the way, sorry for the misbehavior of Sam.\" Added again by Sammy. \"That's cool.\" I said. We got late at school because of some weird new faces on our bus, well it's not the Linens of course. I found out that Sammy is my classmate… and seatmate. \"Who's the girl?\" a boy asked me. \"Huh?\" \"By the way, I'm Johnny Fairs.\" \"Jess Aarons\" \"Who's the girl?\" He asked again. \"She's Samantha Linens.\" \"I'm in love with Samantha Linens\" Johnny Fairs said.[Chapter 3] Friendship or What? While on class, I got bored and drew a circle, a plain circle. It's something that no one will be amazed when they look at it. \"NICE!\" Sammy half-shouted. \"What's so nice about this?\" I asked her whispering. \"You just drew a perfect circle, without a perfect template.\" She said in a beautiful accent. \"Well, thanks.\" I said. We talked the whole day, learning each other's weaknesses and strengths. \"I just recently lost a friend.\" I said quietly. \"Oh no, is that person mad at you until now?\" \"No, I mean lost, as in died.\" \"What?\" She said, astonished. Silence was faced in front of both of us. Shocked by the truth, she then hold my hand, looked at my eyes seriously, then hugged me tightly. \"Hey!\" She shouted. \"Huh?\" I answered innocently. \"I'm asking you what happened?\" she said. It was a daydream. Sometimes, I can't control my daydreams. They just appear and disappear. Sometimes I can control them, which is nice. I explained everything to her. Detailed information… and by detailed, I mean real detailed. \"What's Terabithia?\" Sammy asked. \"I'll show you later.\" I told her. Time flied fast, as I noticed it was already the end of the day. Sammy approached me and punched me at my arm jokily. I smiled and we both went to the bus, and talked about Terabithia. \"You guys take care okay?\" The bus driver said as we go out. \"You too sire!\" Maybelle said. \"Maybelle, guard the house, I'm going to show Sammy Terabithia.\" I told Maybelle. \"You sure?\" \"Yes.\" Maybelle obeyed. She went home. Sammy and I walked from home to the bridge, tasting every moment while walking. I never felt sad at that moment. I just felt happiness. Blushing every time she touches me… oh how I wish there was more time… but were finally here at the bridge. \"I never told this to anyone. This place is a secret place. You maybe someone that is so special to me, making me tell you this place.\" I told her. \"Thanks for that.\" She looked down, smiling. I really like you, but I don't know if I love you. I'm so confused. I whispered to my heart. \"Let's make another house, just for the both of us.\" I told her.[Chapter 4] Looking down The next day, Sammy and I started to build the house. Since we didn't have any materials… all that's left to do is buy some, and the materials of the old tree house. \"This tree house is special to you, Jess.\" Sammy said. \"I know, but it's time to move on.\" I said, being true to everyone. \"Memories are kept for us to smile each time we remember them, ones these memories make us sad, they must be removed.\" I added. \"This tree house is the only thing that will keep you remember the happy moments that happened to you and Leslie.\" She said. \"Don't worry, I always carry a memory of her here, in my heart.\" I said. She smiled, and started to remove the things inside, for us to use the wood for the new house. Then I helped her. When we're done, we went to the spot where Sammy chose to put the new house. \"Here it is!\" She said cheerfully. \"Nice, let's do it.\" I said. I did all the woodwork… while Sammy did the design. I just found out then that she was so great when it comes to design. She did the color great, making the house super duper awesome. She made color combinations, which are new to me. It looks really great. \"There you go… with a little girl's touch, this house will rock!\" Sammy said. \"I didn't know you're good there.\" I said. She smiled and continued her work. I felt something when she smiled at me. I'm not just sure what you call this feeling… love? I don't think so. \"Jess, can I share something to you?\" She said quite seriously. \"Sure. What's that?\" She began introducing this certain guy… and this guy studies on our school. She said she knew this guy long, long, time ago. She felt love or something while hanging out with this guy… and until now, she still likes him. \"Well?\" She asked me. I stared blankly on the fields. My mind stopped for a while… my heart's heartbeat slowed down… and wind blew harder. \"Jess!\" Sammy shouted. \"Yeah?\" I asked her… \"What? You just went dead.\" My senses went back. My mind works again. My heartbeat's speed works normal. I just don't know what happened. After that, I told her I'm going home… and I did. I went straight to Ms. Edmunds house. I knocked on the door, and she was the one who opened the door. \"Hey Jess.\" Ms. Edmunds said. \"Hi, can I talk with you?\" \"Sure.\" We talked, while drinking coke. I found out that she's the only one living there. Then I told her what I came for. \"Ms. Edmunds… I have a problem.\" I said. The problem is… the feeling I felt. What is it? I don't know… really. But when Ms. Edmunds answered… \"Jess… this feeling is not a joke. It's not anger that you can erase by saying sorry. It's something that can make you do anything… It's something that can hurt you to the fullest. This feeling is the most wonderful feeling that one can feel. Take care of it. Fight for it. It's what you call Love.\" (Chapters 4 – 6 are written 3 years ago! Will start right now for Chapter 7 )[Chapter 5] To Love and To Fight Love? What do I know about love? I'm just a regular teenager, having fun with friends, and spending time in school. Does this \"love\" needed in our lives? When I heard Ms. Edmunds said… \"It's something that can hurt you to the fullest…\" I was scared. I don't want to get hurt. I don't want to. One time, Sammy shared another story to me. She said she likes two guys. One is the guy… and Johnny Fairs is the other one. Well, I don't know. The feeling is neutral when she said that. But the weirdest thing is… when I got home, I found myself crying. WHAT? So this is it? The hurt they said? I went to Terabithia… alone. I was surprised when I saw Sammy at the front door. The house is finish. It was super awesome. \"Hey, you okay?\" Sammy asked. \"Yeah. Sorry.\" I smiled. We talked and talked… we even talked about this guy. He seems to be her perfect guy. Johnny Fairs, according to Sammy, is just a friend. He likes him to be with, to laugh with… just like that. \"So, if you will choose, you'll choose this certain mystery guy?\" I asked her. \"Yeah.\" She said. I went silent. Realizing some things. Things that accept thunder shocks on my heart. It was hard to explain the feeling. Then I closed my eyes, wondering if there is a world where sadness is not allowed. Then I accidentally slept. \"I love you.\" I said. \"You what?\" Sammy said. \"I said I love you, I need you… I can't and don't want to lose you… you are my very everything.\" I said crying. \"I'm so sorry…\" Sammy said. \"I like someone else. Alright?\" She shouted… And then… \"You Alright?!\" Sammy was shouting at me. I was sleeping. It was all a dream. \"Yeah, just a nightmare.\" I said. \"You want something to drink?\" She offered. \"No thanks.\" I ended. Then after that, I realized what I always wanted. That is for Sammy, to love me forever with all her heart… to fight for me on every situation… to care for me… to be there for me… and I'll promise her now. Even she won't do the things I just said… I will love her, I will fight for her, I will care for her, I will be there for her… Because to me… I didn't love anybody as much as how I love her. (Sorry! Chapters 4 and this one were the only ones created 3 years ago! Chapter 6 is going to be up soon. ) ","Summary":" Good sides to bad sides I'm standing beside Maybelle, as we watch the terabithian's rejoice. But li"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Coupable ou innocent?","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13191542","Passage":"[Chapter 1] « Coupable ou innocent ? » : Disclaimer : Je ne retire aucun bénéfices financiers de cette fiction et les personnages sont les propriétés exclusifs de leurs auteurs légitimes. 1-Chapitre 1 : Dredd dormait, l'esprit apaisé par le lien avec son guide Joe. Gentiment et sans geste brusque, Joe quitta l'étreinte rassurante et possessive de sa sentinelle et se dirigea vers la salle de bain. Il prit une douche, enfila son uniforme civil réglementaire et sur la pointe des pieds, il s'efforça de sortir de l'appartement sans alerter Walter ou Dredd, en particulier. « -Traceur, Deckard. » fit la voix de Dredd, qui n'admettait aucune protestation. Joe grimaça, dépité et penaud de son échec à sortir sans réveiller Dredd. Aie, avoir une sentinelle puissante, capable d'entendre des sons sur des kilomètres, était une bénédiction et une malédiction à la fois ! De plus, sa sentinelle l'avait appelé par son patronyme, signe qu'il devait être furieux de l'entêtement de Joe à refuser de porter son traceur. Se résignant à être l'objet de plaisanterie de ses amis de soirée, Joe se résolut à attacher , à son poignet droit, la montre traceur « offerte » par Dredd. « -Bien, Joe, approuva ce dernier, d'une voix endormie. A deux heures du matin ! » Gémissant de désespoir amusée, Joe résista à l'envie de se taper le front contre la porte qu'il s'apprêtait à ouvrir pour aller à sa soirée où l'attendaient les juges Guthrie, Volt et Anderson . « -Oui, chef ! » lança Joe, en se sauvant avant de voir la réaction de Dredd à sa boutade . ….. Installé au comptoir du bar chauffé et fréquenté par les juges en permission, Joe discutait avec Cassandra, riant et échangeant des anecdotes hilarantes sur leurs interventions. Parfois, les deux jeunes télépathes communiquaient, sur des sujets privés, par télépathie et faisaient râler leurs deux autres compagnons sentinelles. « -J'ai dû mal à imaginer Dredd « domestique », commença Guthrie, pensif et intrigué. Monsieur « I am the Law » s'occupant d'autres choses que de la justice à Méga-City One, non, vraiment ! Je n'y parviens pas ! » Il secoua la tête, chassant l'image d'un Dredd vêtu d'un pyjama et partagea le fou rire de Joe, de Cassandra et de Volt qui avaient aimé l'imitation de « I am the Law » convaincante et amusante ! Mais Joe avait ressenti l'amertume et l'envie de Guthrie qui avait un crush sur la sentinelle Dredd, comme tous les cadets et cadettes de l'académie. Le jeune guide ne lui en voulait pas car il s'estimait le plus chanceux des hommes de pouvoir connaître Dredd de façon intime et privé. Soudain, une migraine obligea Joe à s'aggriper à son verre, avec force et des larmes de douleur coulèrent sur ses joues. Inquiets, Cassandra et Volt se levèrent de leurs tabourets quand Joe vit une grenade rouler sur le sol du bar. Un flash lumineux et un son strident que seuls les sentinelles étaient capables de capter submergèrent les sens des juges sentinelles présents dans l'établissement : Joe reconnut une grenade incapacitante et illégale car cela mettait hors d'état d'agir les sentinelles pendant des heures entières. Groggis par la migraine, Joe tenta de joindre Dredd par son lien psychique mais éprouva une résistance et un blocage ultra puissants. Il examina la situation : Volt, Guthrie, Cassandra et les autres juges étaient à terre, assommés par l'attaque. Joe, ses boucliers mentaux mis à mal, fut assaillis par leurs souffrances, leurs rages et leurs peurs pour leurs guides. Il tomba de son tabouret, se cogna la tête brutalement et sentant une présence, il se força à rester conscient. En vain. Sa vison se flouta, par les larmes et le choc à la tête et avant de s 'évanouir, il vit une silhouette familière se tenir devant lui. D'autres formes se mouvèrent dans sa direction, portant des armes. La silhouette, immobile devant Joe, fit brusquement volte face et braquant son arme vers ses complices, les abattit, un par un. Froidement. Et empoignant Joe par le col de son uniforme, le tueur traina le jeune guide à sa suite. …. Le froid fit reprendre conscience à Joe qui, confus, jeta des regards autour de lui. Des murs de béton , un sol en ciment dur et une humidité sombre indiquaient un parking souterrain abandonné. Le jeune guide tenta de se redresser et finit par rester assis à terre, en proie à des vertiges. Un homme, les bras croisés et l'attitude nonchalante, à demi assis sur une moto, le scrutait sans un mot. Joe essaya de voir les traits de son visage et sans savoir pourquoi, il avait une impression de connaître son ravisseur. « -Vous devriez fuir, conseilla-t-il, conciliant et d'un ton apaisant. Dredd est ma sentinelle et il sera d'un instant à l'autre. » L'homme réagit enfin. Il avança vers Joe et permit à celui-ci d'entr'apercevoir ses traits. La surprise pétrifia Joe qui ne put dire un mot : c'était son portrait craché. « -Je voulais savoir qui tu es, fit son parfait sosie, d'une voix calme. Je devais te tuer. » Joe se revit une vie en arrière lorsqu'il était encore le blade runner K, dévoué à sa tâche et ne questionnant pas sa raison d'être. « -Tu es mon clone, n'est-ce pas ?, supposa Joe, devinant juste, en voyant un infime tressaillement sur le visage de son ravisseur. Celui ou celle qui t'a crée a ignoré un détail : Rick nous a doté d'un libre arbître. Tu peux te soustraire à leur programmation. » Le clone eut une expression perplexe, cherchant à appréhender la notion de « libre arbitre ». « -Tu viens de l'exercer, au bar et ici-même, lui apprit Joe, doucement. Tu viens de dire que tu as désobéi à l'ordre de me tuer : tu as choisi de ne pas commettre ce que ton créateur t'a ordonné. Viens avec moi et Dredd. Tu peux choisir de vivre comme tu le veux. » Le sosie se mura dans un silence indéchiffrable et Joe pria pour que ce dernier fasse le bon choix avant l'arrivée de sa sentinelle. « -Je ne peux pas, refusa le clone, avec regret. Selon les lois de Méga-City One, j'ai commis un crime passible de la peine de mort : j'ai attaqué des juges. » Joe perçut la confusion, les remords et la peur de son clone et comprit, en sondant son esprit, que la personne qui l'avait crée ne lui avait pas appris à maitriser ses aptitudes de télépathe et de guide. Cela étonna Joe mais son clone ne possédait pas le même niveau de puissance que lui. Le jeune guide frissonna, devinant que le clone n'était destiné qu'à un usage unique et aurait été «jeté » , une fois sa mission accomplie. Une fureur à l'égard de celui ou celle qui l'avait cloné s'empara de Joe et le jeune guide prit sur lui de « fouiller » les souvenirs de son clone pour trouver le coupable. La personne vue dans l'esprit du clone confirma les soupçons du jeune guide. « -Dredd, non ! » supplia Joe, en se plaçant vivement devant celui qu'il avait décidé d'appeler son frère. Dredd venait de faire irruption,son lawgivers à la main et en proie à une rage incontrôlable. A suivre. Duneline, le 28/01/19.[Chapter 2] II-Chapitre 2 : Toute la physionomie de Dredd indiquait une fureur incommensurable et qu'e la sentinelle allait exécuter sa sentence contre celui qui avait kidnappé son guide. « -Eloigne-toi de lui, Deckard, ordonna Dredd, en cherchant un angle de visée. Il a commis plusieurs crimes passibles de la peine de mort. » Joe projeta des pensées rassurantes et réconfortantes à travers leur lien psychique à sa sentinelle qui pesta et maintint, obstinément, en joue le criminel. « -Juge Dredd ? Fit le jeune clone, en se déplaçant de côté et en se mettant, volontairement, dans la ligne de mire du juge. Dredd, le fameux juge si redouté ! » Un demi-sourire apparut sur les lèvres du jeune homme dont l'expression devint froide et implacable. Exit le jeune clone confus et perdu ! Joe sut qu'il avait été, magistralement, manipulé et berné : son clone dégageait une aura puissante et malfaisante et fixait avec détermination Dredd. Dredd était la proie et Joe avait servi d'appât ! « -Un honneur d'abattre le si célèbre Dredd ! » se réjouit l'homme qui déploya une attaque psychique contre la sentinelle. Dredd, sous la force de l'attaque inattendue, accusa le coup, serra des dents et essaya de tirer mais sa main ne lui obeissait pas. La main, comme mue par une volonté propre, se retourna contre son propriétaire et appuya l'arme sur la tempe droite du juge. « -Non !, hurla Joe, en se jetant sur l'agresseur. Stop ! » Les deux réplicants s'engagèrent dans un combat de titan où les coups assenés auraient tué un homme normal. Joe et son clone passèrent à travers un mur de béton, s'échangeant mutuellement des coups de pied et de main, ainsi que des attaques psychiques. Soudain, Joe réussit à empoigner l'autre combattant par le cou et l'affaiblit par une strangulation méthodique et froide : le clone commença à perdre conscience et cessa de se débattre. Joe desserra son étreinte et apposant ses deux mains sur chaque tempe de l'évanoui, il pénétra dans l'inconscient profond de l'esprit de ce dernier. Il découvrit ce qu'il cherchait et compartimentant le conditionnement, il le dissolva totalement. Epuisé, il s'écroula à côté du clone et sentit l'approche de Dredd. « -Ne le tue pas, s'il te plait, Dredd. » pria le jeune guide, en levant une main apaisante vers la sentinelle et les yeux baissés. ….. Fureur, rage, tristesse, dégoût et pitié...Ces sentiments tournoyaient en Joe qui observait son clone, à travers la paroi vitrée du laboratoire où il était né. Dredd se tenait au côté de son guide et ne dissimulait sa contrariété d'avoir épargné le clone. Discrètement, Joe lui effleura les bouts des doigts de sa main qui avait bien failli le tuer et murmura : « -Merci de l'avoir épargné, Joseph. » Dredd hocha de la tête, sans répondre et s'enhardissant, le jeune guide fixa sa sentinelle droit dans les yeux. « -Tu ne ressens rien pour lui ?, demanda-t-il, curieux et avec une pointe de jalousie. Il est mon portrait en tout point : il a ma force et mes aptitudes de guide et de télépathe. » Dredd ne dit rien pendant une minute ou deux, se contentant de contempler les traits de Joe qui ne put cacher son sentiment d'insécurité : son clone aurait pu être le guide parfait pour Dredd. Il était implacable et ne montrait aucun état d'âme. « -Non, assura la sentinelle, en serrant la main de Joe, furtivement. Il me ressemble beaucoup plus. Il ferait un excellent juge. » Joe devait admettre que Dredd avait raison : si le conseil des 5 décidaient d'offrir une seconde chance à son clone, celui-ci ferait un juge redoutable et aussi craint et respecté que sa sentinelle. Son « frère » était plus proche de l'officer K que Joe et ses qualités de traqueur ainsi que son sens du devoir exacerbé par sa nature de blade runner en feraient un juge efficace. « -Il est temps de confronter le coupable, annonça Dredd, en quittant le laboratoire. On y va, Joe. » Avec un dernier regard sur son clone qui subissait les tests, endormi par un sédatif, Joe suivit d'une allure résolue son partenaire. … Galen Delmarco eut un choc en voyant Dredd et son guide, accompagné par le juge suprême Hershey, entrer dans son bureau. « -Vous avez trahi le secret du projet « renaissance », énonça la juge Hershey, d'un ton officiel. Vous avez aidé le juge Cal à créer un clone du juge Deckard. Vous êtes démise de votre titre de juge et de vos fonctions au sein du conseil des 5. Que plaidez-vous, citoyenne DelMarco? » La jeune femme, en entendant l'accusation de complicité et de trahison, pâlit et dut se rassoir sur sa chaise, les jambes tremblantes. « -J'ignorais ce que le juge Cal allait en faire de ce savoir !, jura-t-elle, en lançant des regards implorants auprès de Joe et du juge Hershey. Il m' a demandé ce que signifiait le projet « renaissance » et dans un moment de faiblesse, je le lui ai dit ce que c'était. Je n'y ai pas pensé qu'il l'utiliserait à des fins personnelles. » Ses joues rougirent d'embarras d'avoir cru, naivement, que Cal éprouvait quoique ce fut pour la jeune femme et cette dernière réalisait, trop tard, qu'elle avait été séduite et manipulée. Elle sentit ses joues brûler de honte, en se souvenant de leurs nuits de passion… Des larmes jaillirent de ses yeux. De remords, de regret et d'humiliation… Le pire était que Dredd, l'homme dont elle était éperdument éprise, assistait à son arrestation et à son humiliation. Rien ne lui était épargnée. Joe ressentit de la compassion pour Galen qui n'était qu'une victime de Cal. Il voulut plaider sa cause mais la juge Hershey le devança. Elle fit un signe et des gardes armées rentrèrent dans le bureau. « -Veuillez escorter la citoyenne Delmarco à sa cellule, ordonna-t-elle, solennellement. Le conseil des 5 décidera de votre sort, ainsi que celui de Cal. » Résignée, Galen suivit, docilement, les gardes. La juge Hershey dirigea son attention sur Joe qui se redressa instinctivement. « -Nous devons aussi discuter du cas de votre clone, Deckard , déclara-t-elle, l'expression impassible. Juridiquement, il est coupable de crimes qui exigent la peine capitale. » Elle leva la main pour prévenir la protestation de Joe et termina, tranquillement : « -C'est au conseil des 5 de juger de son sort. » Et sur ces mots, elle donna l'ordre à Dredd et au jeune guide d'aller se reposer. Mécontent, frustré, Joe obeit. A suivre Duneline,le 29/01/19 .[Chapter 3] III-chapitre 3 : Joe observa le ciel nuageux et le soleil laiteux qui apparaissait dans la brume matinale de Méga-City One, du balcon d'un luxueux appartement résidentiel et tenta, sans succès, de joindre son clone par la télépathie. Soit la distance était trop grande ou soit son clone lui déniait l'accès à son esprit, mais le juge guide n'y parvint pas. Pourtant, il avait fait de multiples tentatives depuis les deux jours où les juges du conseil des 5 délibéraient sur le sort du clone meurtrier et n'avaient pas encore statué dessus. « -J'ai été cambriolé et volé ! Se plaignait le propriétaire de l'appartement, plaidant sa cause auprès de Dredd. Faites quelque chose ! Agissez ! Vous êtes là pour ça ! On vous paie pour ça ! » Dredd, immuable comme une statue, ne disait rien et se contentait d'examiner les meubles, les murs et les objets qui ornaient le salon immense. Joe, abandonnant ses tentatives d'entrer en communication avec son « frère », imita Dredd et son regard de détective et traqueur virent des indices racontant une autre histoire : Des flûtes de champagne, avec des traces de rouge à lèvres, des assiettes à apéritifs coûteux et une bouteille de champagne vide et une bretelle de soutien-gorge, hâtivement, dissimulée sous un canapé indiquèrent une partie fine qui avait mal tourné pour le play-boy qui vivait ici. « -Mentir à un juge et faire un faux témoignage sont des actes passibles d'une peine d'un mois d'iso-cube, déclara Dredd, finalement, en toisant le propriétaire qui ne put réprimer un frisson devant la froideur du juge. Je vous conseille de nous dire la vérité, monsieur. » Joe perçut l'agacement de sa sentinelle à l'égard de ces citoyens riches qui pensaient être au-dessus des lois et que les juges étaient à leur service. Subtilement, il mannoeuvra pour que le play-boy se mit à débiter une histoire vieille comme le monde : Un fils à papa qui ne songeait qu'à s'amuser et qui avait ramené des filles rencontrées dans un club de nuit, se faisant dépouiller par lesdites demoiselles pendant une nuit de beuverie et d'orgie… Bref, pas de quoi se pavoiser et de requérir un juge senior. En paticulier, Dredd. Une fois les photos et l'adresses des demoiselles indélicates envoyées par le central, l'affaire fut bouclée en un rien de temps. « -Deckard, fit soudain le central, vous devez vous rendre au palais de justice. Le conseil des 5 requiert votre présence. -Je suis en route, central, informa Joe, soulagé et anxieux à la fois. » En harmonie parfaite, les lawmasters de Dredd et de Joe démarrèrent ensemble et prirent la route vers le palais de justice. ….. Keith Deckard se tenait, silhouette droite et au garde à vous devant les cinq juges du conseil des 5 er le regard fixé sur un point derrière les juges. Joe le scruta, soulagé de le voir dans une tenue de juge et masqua sa joie de lui voir accorder une seconde chance à mener une vie digne et libre. Son frère jeta un furtif coup d'oeil dans la direction de Joe, ayant ressenti son soulagement et vrilla son regard bleu dans celui de Dredd qui se gardait d'émettre son avis. Joe envoya une tape mentale à Keith qui ne se départit pas de son calme et devina, blasé, que son frère ne pouvait s'empêcher de provoquer Dredd et de le défier d'être meilleur juge que lui. Le jeune guide reconnut là l'ancien blade runner : l'instinct de chasseur, l'envie de montrer son intelligence, sa supériorité et son sens du devoir… L'officer K, version 2.0 ! Joe sut que la relation entre Keith et Dredd allaient être émaillée de chamailleries et de défis et il en éprouvait déjà de l'exaspération amusée… « -Vous ferez équipe avec votre frère, annonça la juge Hershey qui avait assisté, amusée, à l'affrontement muet entre Dredd et Keith. Ainsi qu'avec Dredd jusqu'à qu'il vous juge apte à patrouiller seul. » Joe cacha son hilarité devant l'expression offensée et offusquée de son frère de devoir être sous la supervsion de Dredd qui, lui, demeura imperturbable. Mais l'agacement de la sentinelle parvint, fortement, à son guide par leur lien. Dredd eut une moue de désapprobation à l'encontre de Joe, exaspéré de le voir s'amuser de cette situation. « -Bien, juge suprême. » accepta Keith, d'un ton poli. Autorisé à quitter la salle d'audience, Keith suivit ses nouveaux partenaires sans une parole. ….. Keith enleva son casque, après avoir garé sa lawmaster auprès de celles de Joe et de Dredd et s'immobilisa brusquement. Un juge venait dans leur direction, accompagné de son équipier. Joe reconnut ses deux collègues Volt et Guthrie et voyant ce dernier fixer son attention sur Keith, curieux, il resta en retrait pour assister à la scène qui suivit. Guthrie, juge sentinelle, comprit qu'il avait trouvé son guide. Il se mordit la lèvre, incertain. La réputation de juge intransigeant,dur et implacable de Keith égalant celle de Dredd s'était déjà propagée au sein du palais de justice pendant les premiers jours de patrouille du frère de Joe. Allait-il accepté de créer un lien avec le juge sentinelle Guthrie dont le crush sur Dredd venait de disparaître pour une attirance sans nom pour le juge guide Keith ? Keith l'évaluait, le jaugeait, les traits impassibles et Guthrie osa un pas vers lui, une question dans ses yeux. « -Sentinelle, fit, enfin, le juge guide Keith, au grand bonheur de Guthrie qui, vivement, s'approcha du jeune homme. -Guide, finit le juge sentinelle, dans un souffle, heureux de se voir accepter . » Sentinelle et guide s'enlacèrent étroitement, les fronts collés l'un à l'autre, oublieux des gardes armés, des autres juges et des cadets dans le parking. Un immense sourire apparut sur le visage de Joe lorsque ce dernier s'aperçut que Dredd n'irradiait plus la tension habituelle en patrouille avec Keith. « -Avoue que tu es soulagé de ne plus avoir à patrouiller avec mon frère ! » murmura Joe, taquin. Dredd n'avoua pas mais son guide avait vu juste : il ne portait pas la fameuse moue de désapprobation et d'agacement quand il regarda Keith et Guthrie se rendre à l'appartement de la sentinelle. « -Il aura été un équipier efficace, concéda Dredd, en prenant le chemin des vestiaires. Exécutant les sentences avec impartialité et craint par les suspects déjà. » Joe ne sut pas s'il se devait se sentir offensé ou fier de ces compliments. Il courut après Dredd : « -Hé ! Et moi, alors? Je suis ton guide et partenaire, Dredd ! » Mais il sourit, rassuré en comprenant que sa sentinelle lui avait rendu la monnaie de sa pièce. Il rejoignit Dredd et dans une démarche totalement synchronisée, les deux hommes prirent le chemin du vestiaire. Fin Duneline, le 1/02/19 . ","Summary":" « Coupable ou innocent ? » : Disclaimer : Je ne retire aucun bénéfices financiers de cette fiction "},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Author":"Trainmaster97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10074259","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's my version of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. This is how I would have written the movie. If you have a problem with it, then don't read it. NOTE: NO CHANGES TO THE ORIGINAL STORY ARE IN THIS CHAPTER! Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Chapter 1 Voice: \"Have you ever felt like you were a little bit…different. Like you had something unique to offer the world, if you could just get people to see it. (Shows a large island with a town at the edge. A school comes into view, and inside we see a classroom full of students. One in the back is eagerly raising his hand.) \"Then you know exactly how it felt, to be…me.\" \"Go ahead Flint\" said the teacher, albeit a little nervously. The boy, named Flint, walks to the front of the room and clears his throat. \"What is the number one problem facing our community today\" he pauses, waiting to see if someone would answer. But no one does. \"Untied shoe laces\" he said with a smile. All the students look at their shoes, which are all untied. \"Which is why I've created a lacelesss alternative foot covering…Spray-on-Shoes\" he says, showing them a can of what looked like spray-paint with a picture of a shoe on it. He points it at his feet and sprays, and glittering shoes appear on them. \"Walla\" said Flint happily. The class began to talk happily. But then, a blond haired kid with a jump suit spoke up. \"How you going to get them off nerd\" he asked smugly. Flint's eyes widened with shock, and he tried to pull the shoes off his feet, but they wouldn't budge. The class began to laugh at him, and the blond haired kid said \"What a freak. He wants to be smart, but that's lame.\" Then the bell rang and all the kids let. Flint tired pulling his shoes off again, but they wouldn't. He laid down and sighed sadly. \"I wanted to run away that day, but you can't run away from your own feet.\" Flint runs home, and tries everything to get the shoes off. He tries cutting them, breaking them, burning them, and even uses a cinderblock. But no matter what, nothing works. Flint's parents listen to his fuss outside his room. \"Go on, say something\" said Fran, the mother. Tim, the father, sighed and said \"Not every sardine is meant to swim son\". \"I don't understand fishing metaphors\" said Flint sadly, and he collapsed onto his bed with his face in the pillow. \"What did I say\" asked Tim. \"Don't worry, I'll handle it\" said Fran. She opened the door and walked into the room. \"Honey, I think your shoes are wonderful\" she said with a smile. \"Everyone just thinks I'm a weirdo\" said Flint, his voice muffled by the pillow. \"So, people probably thought these guys were weirdoes too\" said Fran, pointing at the many famous scientist posters on Flint's wall. \"But that never stopped them\" she said. Flint looked at the posters, but then put his head back onto his pillow. \"I was saving this for your birthday, but\" she said, pulling something from behind her back. Flint looked, and gasped when he saw that she was holding a lab coat. \"Here\" she said. \"A professional lab coat, just like the real guys wear\" said Flint, jumping up and putting it on. It was much bigger than him, but he still smiled. \"It fits perfect\" he said, with his hand being hidden in the sleeves. \"The world needs your originality Flint, you just have to…grow into it\" said Fran happily. \"And I know you're going to do big things someday.\" Flint smiled, then ran and gave her a big hug. Then he broke it and ran to his desk. He took a piece of paper and started drawing. When it was done, it was a poster of Flint saying \"Flint Lockwood: Best Inventor Ever!\" He quickly put it with the others, gave it a confident look, and then ran out of his room. He ran to the backyard and into his treehouse/lab. The immediately began inventing. \"From that moment on, I was determined to invent something great.\" Two Weeks Later \"Remote control Television\" said Flint, pressing a button on the controller. The TV sprouted legs and walked to Tim. He turned it on, and it seemed alright, but then he ran out the door. \"Eventually\". Five Years Later \"Hair unbalder\" said Flint, and he poured a liquid onto his father's head. But then hair sprouted all over it. \"AAAHHH\" they screamed. Three Years Later \"Flying Car\" said Flint and he drove a car with jets on it onto the pier, but instead of taking off, it just fell into the ocean. One Year Later \"Monkey Thought Translator\" said Flint. He turned on a machine hooked up to a monkey. \"Hungry\" said the monkey/machine. \"How wise\" said Flint? But then the monkey began running around the store, knocking over shelves, and even ripping Tim's mustache off. One Year Later \"Ratbirds\" said Flint, standing next to a cage of rats with wings. \"How's it going guys\" he said to them. But then the cage opened, and began swarming the people. \"FLINT LOCKWOOD\" called a policeman nearby. \"My dream was to help my hometown; a tiny island hidden under the A in Atlantic, called Swallow Falls. We were famous for sardines, until the day the Baby Brent sardine company reclosed for good, after everyone in the world realized that sardines…are super gross. Soon, all of us were stuck eating the sardines that, no one else wanted. Baked Boiled, Fried, Candy, & Juiced. Life became grey, and flavorless. But when all seemed lost, I stared at defeat…and found hope.\"[Chapter 2] Time for chapter two. This chapter will hold the major change to the story. Let's just say, I'm going to add a \"New\" character. Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Chapter 2 We journey into a large lab, filled with screens, lights, and of blue lines painted on the walls and floor. A man is walking through the lab. He's wearing black paints, a blue shirt, a white lab coat, and sparkling shoes. He walks over to a wall with many posters on it, and stares not at them, but at a little sticky note amongst them. It pictured, surprisingly…a person. But it showed the front and back of him. The back showed what looked like a small backpack, with water going into the front of it. The front picture showed the person with a screen on his chest, with a round hole in his stomach. A cheeseburger was in front of the hole. He picked up the note, and held it up confidently. \"My name is Flint Lockwood; and I was about to invent a machine that turns water, into food\". \"Steve, my best friend and trusted colleague\" said Flint, pointing to a chair near his desk. The chair turned around, and showed a monkey chewing on a can of sardines. He looked up and said \"Steve\". \"Can I count on your help\" asked Flint. Steve paused, but then held up the can and said \"Can\". Flint smiled \"I knew I could\". So he got to work. \"Button on\" he said, pressing a button. \"Memory active\" he said, starting a recording device. \"Blueprints, awesome\" he said, looking over blueprints of a weird person. \"Begin Nano-mutation\" he said, standing in front of a glass ball with a miniature explosion inside. He then moved to what looked like a rectangle box. But the top of it had the indent of a person on it. Up to the top of the indent was machinery, including a screen that said \"Mood\", and a small multi-colored disco ball. \"Radiation Matrix secure\" said Flint, tightening the screws to hold down the Disco Ball. \"Computer Boot\" he said, typing different codes into his computer. Flint then finished building the top of the machine. He welded parts and screwed down others. Soon, it looked like a completely white person was in the indent. \"Now, for cool clothes\" said Flint, holding a white shirt and pants with orange lines on them. (Like the Machine in the movie.) Once they were on, Flint looked at his machine so far. \"Coolness enhancement complete\" he said. Then he said \"Engage coffee break\". (We see Flint and Steve sitting around drinking coffee.) \"Networking Power Grid\" he said, and he plugged an extension cord into the rectangle box. \"Time to wake up\" said Flint. He went to his computer, typed in a code, and slowly pressed a button. Electricity flew from the cord into the box. The machine began to crackle and spark. It shook, and it began to beep. When Flint turned the power off, he walked over to his machine. It didn't stir, and it didn't speak. But then, the screen on his chest turned on, and slowly his eyes opened. \"Yes, he's up, so far so good\" said Flint happily. The machine fully opened his eyes and looked around. He looked like he was examining everything he could see. He slowly rose up from the indent. He looked around the room, and then he saw Flint. His face turned to one of fright and moved away. But he only ended up falling off the box. \"Whoa, whoa, it's okay, I'm not going to harm you\" said Flint. The machine looked at him carefully. Then, slowly, he stood up and looked at him face to face. \"Hello, my name is Flint Lockwood. I just created you, do you understand\" asked Flint in a calm manor. He was holding back all the excitement he had to make shure the machine didn't get scared. The machine opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. He put his hands to his throat and looked at Flint with a scared face. \"Oh that's right, I haven't given you a voice yet\" said Flint. He held out his hand, and although hesitant, the machine took it. Flint led the machine over to his computer, and sat him down on a chair. He pulled a cord out and plugged it into the machine. \"Alright, let's get you speaking\" said Flint. He started typing words on the screen and said \"Uploading, two cool voices. Number One: a regular voice\" said Flint pressing enter. The machine shuddered for a moment when the computer showed that the voice had been inserted. \"Okay, try and talk now\" said Flint. The machine thought for a moment before saying \"Hello, Creator\" slowly. \"Ha, you did it, you spoke\" said Flint happily. \"Yes, yes I did\" said the machine happily. But then the machine said \"But you said two voices, why do I need another one\"? \"This is your normal voice, now I'm going to give you one for when you make the food\" said Flint, and he turned back to his computer. \"Uploading #2 voice: Food Making voice\" said Flint. He pressed enter again, and the machine shuddered. \"There, all done\" said Flint. He now stepped back to get a better look at his machine. It had all while clothes with orange lines on them. His head looked like a motorcycle helmet, but the top of it was covered in fake brown hair. His face was colored blue, and he had light blue eyes. \"So, now that I have two voices, now what\" asked the machine. \"Now, you get to make your first food\" said Flint. The machine smiled happily. Later, the machine was standing next to a table with a plate near the edge. He was hooked up to many extension cables, and Flint was behind him. Making shure everything was ready for the first one. Flint inserted water into the backpack like thing on the back of him. \"Beginning conversion of water, into food\" he said. He pushed buttons on the machine and said \"Hydrating Protein matrix, calibrating flavor panels\". Then he put his hands in the hole in the machine's stomach area. While he did this, the machine twitched and moved awkwardly. \"Priming Chow Plopper\" he said. \"Watch were you put those\" said the machine, moving awkwardly again. Then, Flint moved to his computer, and put in an order. \"Here we go\" said Flint, and he pressed enter. The machine looked forward, and said in a different, deep voice \"Cheeseburger\". A picture of a cheeseburger then appeared on the screen on his chest. \"Everyone is going to love this\" said Flint \"Go ahead\". The machine nodded, and he focused hard. The drop hole flashed different colors, and the foggy form of a cheeseburger started to form. Flint extended his hands so that the burger would fall into them. Then, just as the burger was about to form, there was a flash, and the cheeseburger disappeared. Also, the lights went off in Flint's lab. The quickness of the flash caused Flint and the machine to fall back. Inside the house, Tim was reading the paper. But then, all the electronics in the house sparked and went out. \"AAWW, FLINT\" he screamed. \"Sorry Dad\" called Flint. Wow, it was hard to write this chapter. And look, if you don't like the idea of the FLDSMDFR looking like a human, then don't read this story. The reason I did it was because I was always curious of what it would look like. Plus, this will help involve more speaking roles and emotion from it in the story.[Chapter 3] Time for chapter 3, I hope you enjoy it. Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs chapter 3 \"Steve, keep working\" said Flint as he walked away. \"Don't worry, I'll just stay, here\" said the machine, who's legs were visible behind some boxes. Flint ran over to what looked like a safe door with a hand scanner on it. \"Scanning Hand\" he said, and then he made a scanning noise. Then he moved the door, which turns out to be just a curtain. He runs down a small corridor to a door with a toy like machine next to it. Flint hits a few buttons on the door, and pulls the door open. He gets into the space and closes the door. The pod goes down, and into a port-a-potty. He opened the door and ran towards the house. Some kids nearby were watching and laughing at him. \"That's, a really weird dude\" said one of them. Flint ran into the house and towards the power box. \"Re-energizing power unit\" he said while he fixed the fried fuse. But when it was fixed, he looked back and saw his dad staring at him. \"AAWW\" screamed Flint, but then ran into the box, fell down, and got back up. \"Well, see ya dad\" said Flint, and he walked towards the back door. But Tim fallowed behind slowly. \"Uh Flint, uh, don't you think it's time to give up this inventing thing, and get a real job\" he asked. \"No why\" asked Flint? \"Well, it's just, all of your technology stuff, it just end in disaster\" said Tim. \"The rat birds, yes. They escaped and spread at a surprising rate. But I took care of that problem, and disposed of them\" said Flint. But then a rat bird came and picked up one of the three kids nearby. \"Billy, just play dead\" one called. \"Flint, you don't keep throwing your net, where there aren't any fish\" said Tim. \"What\" asked Flint, confused? \"I want you to work full time at the Tackle Shop\" said Tim. \"THE TACKLE SHOP, oh dad no\" said Flint, trying to get out of working at his dad's store. \"Tackle is a good career\" said Tim. \"Please I'm so close with this one. I just have to hook him up to the power station and get him more power and he'll work. And, and then you can sell food in the shop, and no one won't have to eat sardines anymore. He's going to be, so awesome\" said Flint. \"Uh, who's this 'He\" asked Tim. \"That would be me\" said a voice. Tim and Flint looked up, and saw the machine looking down at them from the lab. \"Uh Flint, who's that\" asked Tim. \"That's my newest invention. He's self-aware and going to be the first in a big line of new inventions\" said Flint. But Tim just sighed and said \"I'm sorry son; no more inventing\". \"Dad I know I can do this\" Flint paused \"and Mom did to\". Tim stopped, and Flint looked at the ground. \"It had been almost ten years since Mom died, and dad still didn't understand me like she did.\" Flint tried to say something, but his dad just said \"Come on, let's open the shop\". Flint was sad, and then he looked up at the machine. \"Might as well come along, it'll probably be boring up there\" he said. \"Cool, I'll be right down\" said the machine. Later, in town, Flint, his machine, and Tim were standing in front of the Tackle shop. Part of the sign had a sheet over it. Tim pulled the sheet down, and it showed that another sign had been inserted. \"Tim and Son's Sardine, Bait, and Tackle\" read Tim. He smiled at Flint and asked \"You feeling it\"? Flint gave a fake smile and nodded. Tim walked into the store, and Flint talked to his machine. \"This isn't going to be good\" he said. \"Hey, just give it a chance\" said the machine. Later, Flint was stacking cans of sardines. The machine was rearranging buckets of chum at the back. A commercial was on TV, showing a baby pulling a wagon full of sardines. \" Look out baby Brent\" called the audience. But then the wagon hit a log and spilled all the sardines. The baby looked back and said \"Uh oh\" cutely. \"Baby Brent Sardines, hand packed in Swallow Falls\" said the announcer. Then the screen froze, and a small man walked onto the screen. \"As your mayor, I know it's time to put our Sardine Canning past behind us and look to the future…SARDINE TOURISM\" he said. It then showed something large covered by many tarps. \"That's why without consulting anyone, I spent the entire town budge on the thing that is under this tarp. Which I will be revealing today, at Noon. Featuring a live appearance by Baby Brent himself\" he said. Flint then turned the TV off; he looked annoyed. \"Hey, who's Baby Brent creator\" asked the machine. Then the store door opened, and three people walked in. One was a large man with blond hair wearing a blue jumpsuit. There were also two lovely ladies on either side of him. \"What is up, everybody\" he asked. \"That's Baby Brent\" said Flint in an annoyed tone. \"What's ya doing; stacking cans with me on them as a Baby\" asked Brent. Then, he said \"Uh Oh\" and knocked over the pile of sardine cans Flint had stacked. \"Hey, what's your problem\" asked the machine angrily. Brent looked at him. \"And who are you\" he asked. \"Someone you shouldn't be messing with\" said the machine. \"Oh ya, why's that\" asked Brent. The machine showed his hand. But then, the hand shot into his arm, and a cattle prod like device shot up. \"This is why\" said the machine. Brent looked a little scared, but he quickly shook it off. \"Whatever, I don't have time to deal with you. Anyway, who wants to watch me cut the ribbon at the mayor's unveiling thing? I'll be using these bad boys to help save the town\" said Brent, holding a large pair of scissors covered in gold paint. \"Boya\" said Brent, and then he turned around to leave. \"Alright you guys sardines. Ya, Swallow Falls FOREVER\" he screamed on his way out. \"I can see why you don't like him\" said the machine as his regular had shot back into place. Then Tim walked up to Flint. \"Listen, you uh, maybe you want to go to that unveiling\" he asked. \"You know dad why don't you go ahead. We'll uh, we'll hold down the fort here\" said Flint. \"But I want to go see\" was all the machine could say before his mouth was covered by Flint. \"Really, you shure you two can handle it\" asked Tim. \"Ya dad, I'm pretty shure we'll be fine\" said Flint. \"Ha, alright then. I'll uh, I'll be back in half an hour skipper\" said Tim. \"Okay, BBYYEE\" said Flint happily as his dad left. \"Alright, let's get to work\" said the machine. \"I don't think so\" said Flint, putting his arm around the machine. \"But you told your dad\" said the machine. \"I know what I said. I lied\" said Flint. \"But, if we're not going to watch over the store, what are we going to do\" asked the machine. \"We're going to get you more power\" said Flint confidently. The machine smiled \"Well in that case, let's get going\" he said. So he and Flint ran out the back of the store, and headed towards the power station.[Chapter 4] Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Part 4 Meanwhile, the mayor and Brent were at the thing covered in tarps. Brent was eating sardines, and the mayor was talking. \"This town's too small for me Brent. I want to be big; I want people to look at me and say; that is one big mayor. That's why this has to work, IT HAS TO WORK. Otherwise I'm just a tiny mayor in a tiny town full of tiny sardine sucking knuckle scrappers\" said the mayor. \"But not me, right\" asked Brent with a smile. \"Oh no Brent, you've always been like a son to me\" said the mayor with a fake smile. He looked away and showed a disgusted face. He cleared his throat and walked out onto the stage. \"Hey, Hey Everybody\" he said, addressing the fifteen people that were there. \"Under this tarp, is the greatest tourist attraction every built\" said the mayor smiling. But while everyone else was concentrated on the mayor, Flint and his machine were sneaking around. They moved behind the crowd and hid behind a small wall. \"We just need seventeen thousand more gigajolts\" said Flint. \"Uh, is that going to hurt\" asked the machine. \"You're a machine, you can't feel pain\" said Flint. \"Says you\" said the machine quietly. Flint looked behind the wall to make shure the coast was clear. \"GO, GO, GO\" said Flint, and he and the machine began running to the power station. But then, someone stepped in Flint's way. Flint quickly hid the machine behind his back. \"What are you doing Flint Lockwood\" asked Earl, the local police officer. \"Just uh, taking a walk, with no one behind my back, respectively, sir\" said Flint. \"You know what you are Flint Lockwood; a shananaganizer, a tom fool\" said Earl. \"You see my beautiful angle son Cal\" he asked, pointing to a kid near him. \"Sup\" said Cal. \"I love him so much this is my only son. I want him to have a bright future; a future in which you don't ruin our town's day, with one of your crazy science thingies\" said Earl. \"Well, that's actually all behind me now\" said Flint, but Earl just kept talking. \"You see this contact lens Flint Lockwood\" asked Earl, showing a contact lens. Flint nodded. \"This contact lens represents you, and my eye represents my eye. I Got My Eye On You\" he said, putting the lens on in a dramatic way. \"Do Something\" whispered the machine, who was still hiding behind Flint. Flint looked around, saw someone walking, and said \"Oh my gosh a J walker\". Earl looked \"Hey\" he said, and tackled the guy. Flint and the machine quickly ran off. Back at the unveiling, the mayor was still talking. \"And I've arranged for live coverage from a major cable broadcaster, and their most experience professional reporter\" he said smiling. New York City-Yesterday \"Oh just send the inter. She's cute, and she's supper perky\" said one of the TV executives. \"Well, those are the only things we look for in a TV weather person\" said the producer. He turned around to see a girl with blond hair and wearing a blue shirt and black pants carrying a tray of coffee. \"Intern, how would you like to do a weather report from a rinky dink island in the middle of the ocean as a favor to my cousin\" he asked. \"REALLY\" she screamed, flinging her arms in the air and spilling the coffee, with one cup being caught by a camera man nearby. Later, she and her camera man were driving through New York towards the docks. \"Can you believe it Manny; temporary professional meteorologist, woo\" she said happily, putting her hands up. Manny quickly took the wheel and straitened it. Later, the two were on a boat heading towards Swallow Falls. \"Okay, how about this? Hello America I'm Sam Sparks. Hello America, Sam Sparks here. America, hi, I didn't see you there; it's me Sam Sparks. On my way, across the ocean\" she said happily as they neared the island. Meanwhile, Flint and the machine had gotten to the power station. The two looked up at all the dangerous sparking wires. \"This is a great idea. Let's get you hooked up\" he said to the machine. The machine, looking scared, pressed a button on his chest, and a gulping sound was heard. \" Weather News Network; Weather News happens, or Not\" said the news announcer. \"Now were over to Swallow Falls, were our intern is on her first day on the job. Or should I say, first gray on the job, looks pretty cloudy there intern\" said Patrick. Sam, realizing she was on the air, quickly smiled and turned to the camera. \"Hello Sam Sparks I'm America. It's Swallow Falls degrees, and, uh, well let's just go to the mayor\" said Sam. She jerked her head, and the camera looked at the mayor. \"And welcome national television audience\" he said happily. While this went on, Flint began attaching jumper cables to one another, and to the power station towers. He reached out, attached one, and was instantly electrocuted. \"Great idea hu\" said the machine, who was on the ground with his arms crossed. Back at the unveiling, the mayor turned on some music. \"And now, here to cut the ceremonial ribbon, Swallow Falls favorite son…BABY BRENT\" he said, and Brent walked out from behind a curtain pulling a wagon of sardines. \"He's still got it folks\" said the mayor. Then, Brent ripped off his jumpsuit, and was now only wearing a diaper. The whole town cheered, but Sam looked shooked/surprised. \"I'm the best person in the whole town\" said Brent. Then, he tipped over the wagon, spilling the sardines, and posing like he was on the cans. \"Uh oh\" he said. Flint climbed over the wall of the station, pulling two jumper cables. He ran over to the machine. \"Are you ready\" he asked. The machine took a deep breath (even though he doesn't have lungs) and said \"Yes, I'm ready\". Then, two small rods with a small metal ball on the end came out of this shoulders. \"Food Synthesis, GO\" said Flint confidently. Earl was with his family, clapping with everyone else. But then, he stopped, and his chest started moving. \"My chest airs are tingling, something's wrong\" he said. Then he did a backflip, and went to find out what was wrong. \"Well here it is, the attraction the whole world has been waiting for…SARDINE LAND\" screamed the mayor. Brent cut the ribbon, and the tarp fell off. \"With rides\" said the mayor, pointing at a large sardine can that kids were being sealed into. \"And exhibits\" he said, showing them a sardine museum. \"And featuring Shamo, the world's largest sardine\" he said, pointing at a large fish bowl with a fish sized sardine in it. \"And his flaming hoop of glory\" he said as a hoop was set of fire above the tank. \"Those of you in the splash zone, lookout\" said the mayor, pointing to one person in a one-person section saying 'Splash Zone'. Earl did many flips as he moved through the crowd. When he got to the back, he looked around. Then, he saw Flint Lockwood and his machine by the power station. Flint took the jumper cables, and albeit slowly, attached them to the rods. \"WOAH\" said the machine, and seventeen thousand gigajolts ran into him. Electricity was sparking all over his body. \"Cheeseburger\" he said in his deep voice. Flint put a plate in front of the hole and waited, but then. \"FLINT LOCKWOOD\" screamed Earl as he ran towards them. Flint and the machine looked back and saw Earl getting closer to them. \"Uh, just a second\" said Flint. The machine concentrated hard to make the cheeseburger come out faster. But then, he saw words flashing in front of his eyes. They said \"Rocket Shoes Activated\". \"I'm in the middle of a\" was all Flint could say before…WWWOOOSSSHHH! The machine took off, and since Flint was holding onto the cables, he was dragged along behind him. \"AAAWWWHHH\" screamed Flint. \"CREATOR, WHAT'S GOING ON\" screamed the machine. \"YOUR ROCKET SHOES MUST HAVE BEEN ACTIVED BECAUSE OF THE POWER\" screamed Flint. \"I DIDN'T KNOW I HAD ROCKET SHOES\" screamed the machine. \"YA, I PUT THEM IN BECAUSE I THOUGH THEY WERE COOL\" screamed Flint. \"WELL HOW DO I SHUT THEM OFF\" screamed the machine. \"I DON'T KNOW\" screamed Flint. The machine rocketed through town, hitting cars, and even knocking the F off the Swallow Falls sign. \"Well, looks like things in Swallow Falls are SARDINE to get better\" said Sam. She was about to continue, but then the machine rocketed past here. The camera zipped out of Manny's hands, and attached to Sam's face. \"Ugh\" said Patrick, looking at Sam's squashed face on the screen. \"WATCH OUT\" called the machine as he flew towards Sardine Land. \"COMING THROUGH\" called Flint. The machine flew into Sardine Land, and then into the supports holding up Shamo's giant bowl. It rocketed around under it, and then flew out of the supports then Sardine Land. As Flint and the machine flew through the crowd, Flint saw his dad look at him for the split second he was in front of him. The machine turned left and flew along the sidewalk. He was slowing down slightly now. \"Don't worry, I'll stop you\" said Flint. He dug his shoes against the pavement, but they just grinded away the concrete. \"Hurry Creator, try to destroy my shoes\" said the machine. \"Right, I'll just take my wrench and\" was all Flint could say before, POW! Flint smacked into a stop sign. The jumper cables detached from the machine. Then, the machine turned straight, and flew up into the sky. \"CREATOR\" he screamed as he flew into the clouds and out of sight. \"NO\" screamed Flint, reaching his hand up. But then, Flint was tackled by Earl. \"You're under arrest Flint Lockwood. Thank Goodness, you only caused minimum damage to Sardine Land\" said Earl. But then, there was a strange groaning sound. Everyone looked over at Sardine Land. The supports for Shamo's bowl had been too damaged because of the machine, and the bowl was now falling over. Water poured out of it, covering everyone who wasn't in the splash zone. \"Aw come on\" said the man in the zone. The bowl then rolled towards the museum, and crushed it to bits. Then, it rolled over to the canning ride, and destroyed that. The mayor jumped off the stage as the bowl destroyed it. Everyone was running away from the destructive bowl. \"I really shouldn't be running with these\" said Brent, who was still carrying the scissors. \"Run, Run\" said Steve as the bowl rolled towards him and Flint. Flint ducked, and the curved up part of the bowl rolled over him. He looked up, and saw the bowl roll into two cars. Then, the two cars exploded, launching the bowl into the air. Shamo flew out of the water, and right through his flaming hoop. He smiled in delight, but then a Rat Bird snatched him and flew off. The bowl fell downward, with the open part facing down. Then it landed, right over flint. He was now stuck inside the bowl. Townspeople swarmed the scene, and started saying things Flint was glad he couldn't hear. But then, Flint saw his dad looking at him. He didn't say anything; he just gave him a disappointed look and slowly shook his head. Flint didn't say anything either, he just looked very sad. The townspeople then moved away from the bowl. Flint, still sad, sadly hit his head on the bowl. But then the glass cracked, and the whole bowl fell apart. Everyone looked at Flint, who was just standing there. Then, he ran from the crowd towards the docks.[Chapter 5] Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Chapter 5 Flint had run to the end of one of the docks. At the end of one of the piers was a ladder. Flint was behind it, with his feet and head sticking out the spaces. \"I really messed up this time Steve. I ruined the only chance to get the town noticed, and now everyone hates me. And I have no idea what happened to the machine. He could have crashed into the ocean, or could still be flying away\" said Flint. \"Steve\" said Steve. Flint sighed, but then he heard footsteps approaching. Flint hid himself away from sight, and looked up. There, walking to the edge of the pier was Sam. She looked very sad, and looked down at the water. Then, she looked at her microphone, and then threw it into the ocean. Then, she sat down at the top of the pier and threw her legs down… right into Flint's eyes. \"AAAWWW\" screamed Flint. Sam looked down and saw him. \"Oh my gosh, are you okay\" she asked, getting up and looking down at him. \"It's okay, it's just pain\" said Flint, rubbing his eyes. \"I'm sorry I'm not myself today. My whole carrier was ruined by some crazy jerk riding a homemade rocket\" she said angrily. Flint nervously looked away. But then Sam looked down at him \"Wait a minute\" she said. She got close to Flint's shoes. \"What is going on with your feet\" she asked. \"Uh, spray on shoes, they uh, don't come off\" said Flint. \"COOL\" said Sam, and she grabbed Flint's shoes and pulled them closer for a better look, but caused Flint to hit his head. \"This could solve the untied shoes epidemic. What are they made of: some kind of elastic biopolymer adhesive\" she asked. Flint looked at her with a strange face \"Ya, exactly\". Then, Sam realized what she said \"I mean, he he he, wow their shinning. Hm, I'm Sam\" she said, letting go of the shoes. This cause Flint to hit his head again \"Flint\" he said. \"STEVE\" said Steve. \"OH, IS THAT A MONKEY THOUGHT TRANSLATOR\" asked Sam excitedly. \"Steve\" said Steve, rubbing his head. \"Incredible, did you make all this stuff\" asked Sam. But then, she gasped and said \"YOU HIT ME WITH A ROCKET\"! Flint snapped out of his thought and said \"You kicked me in the face\"! \"I said I was sorry\" said Sam, and then she began to go into a rant. But Flint wasn't listening, because just as she started talking, some kind of yellow past hit the ladder. Steve licked it, and said \"GOOD\"! Then, something shot passed Flint's face into the water. Flint looked down, and saw that it was a pickle. \"You get one shot at this show\" said Sam, but then something shot past her, and into a nearby barrel. \"And if you don't, it's back to cleaning the barometers\" she said, looking at the barrel. Flint climbed onto the pier, and walked towards the barrel. When he looked inside, he was surprised/confused by what he saw. \"Cheese\" he said, going to grab it. But then, a rat bird grabbed it and flew out. Flint backed off. \"But, that could only mean\" he said, but then he turned around and gasped. Sam saw this and looked back, and gasped too. Flint, Sam, and Steve all gasped at the sky. Large, colorful clouds were heading towards Swallow Falls. They heard thunder, and saw something falling. But it wasn't rain, it was…CHEESEBURGERS! Hundreds and Hundreds of cheeseburgers were falling from the clouds. \"Excited, Excited\" said Steve, and she jumped around the falling burgers. Flint held a hand up and smiled \"Ha, Ha, Ha\" he said as a burger landed in his hand. He brought it down and took a bite. The flavor spread through him, making his mouth and stomach cry out with joy. \"The Machine works\" he said looking at the clouds. \"HE REALLY WORKS\" he screamed. \"Machine, is that what that rocket was\" asked Sam as a burger fell into her hands. \"Uh, ya, what do you think of him\" Flint asked. Sam bit into the burger, and lit up like a light bulb. \"HE'S AWESOME\" she said happily. Flint smiled happily. \"This is just amazing, look at this. This is the greatest weather phenomenon in HISTORY\" she said excitedly. \"Hey, aren't you a weather girl\" asked Flint. Sam gasped, and then ran towards the town \"MANNY, GET YOUR CAMERA\" she screamed. The people of the two were amazed by what was happening. Those who had sardine cans dropped them, and put their hands out to catch a burger. \"This just in, our humiliated weather intern is apparently back for more\" said Patrick, and then the screen cut to Sam. \"Thanks Patrick, okay everybody you're not going to believe this but I am standing in the middle of a burger rain\" she said, putting her hand out and catching a burger. \"You may have seen a meteor shower but you've never seen a shower Meatier than this. For a town stuck eating sardines, this is totally salvation from heaven\" said Sam. Flint looked away from the broadcast to look at the town's people. They were all grabbing a burger and chowing down. \"This tastes significantly better than sardines\" said someone. The mayor was also very happy about this food storm. He greedily grabbed three cheeseburgers \"This is going to be BIG\" he said, and ate the three burgers all at once. \"This food weather was created intentionally by Swallow Fall resident scientist Flint Lockwood\" said Sam on TV. The people watching TV gasped and looked over at Flint. \"Hi\" said Flint nervously. But then, Earl tackled him to the ground. \"You're under arrest for ruining sardine land\" said Earl. \"Flint those burgers were AWESOME! The producer called and he was all like 'Everybody loves that food weather'\" said Sam. \"Food Weather, it could be even bigger than Sardine Land\" said the mayor, still eating cheeseburgers. \"Can you make it rain food again, please\" asked Sam. \"Well, I don't really know if I\" said Flint. \"You're going to do it again\" asked Cal excitedly. The whole town looked at Flint with eager eyes. Flint was silent for a moment, before saying \"YES\" confidently. \"No\" said Tim. \"Dad just give me one more chance\" pleaded Flint. \"We both know this was an accident. Cheeseburgers, from the sky, that's not natural\" said Tim. \"The machine could save the whole town, and you will be so proud of me dad. Plus…there's a girl here\" said Flint silently. Tim sighed \"Can you look me in the eye and tell me you've got this under control, and it's not going to end up in a disaster\" he asked. \"Uh, yes\" said Flint nervously. Tim raised his eyebrows, showing his eyes. Flint tried hard to look straight, but one of his eyes would always look away. He concentrated hard, and then, just as his eyes looked forward, he quickly said \"I'VE GOT THIS UNDER CONTROL AND IT'S NOT GOING TO END IN A DISASTER\"! Flint then bent over, breathing heavily. Tim lowered his eyebrows \"Alright\" he said. \"THANKS DAD\" said Flint happily. \"Sure thing\" said Tim, and he walked back towards the house. Flint turned to Sam and Manny. \"Okay, Sam, this is where the magic happens\" said Flint, and he opened the Port-A-Potty entrance to his lab. Sam and Manny gave it a strange look. Soon, Flint pulled back the curtain, letting Sam and Manny enter his lab. \"Welcome Flint\" said a female voice. \"Wow, you seriously spend a lot of time alone hu\" said Sam. \"What, ha, ha, ha\" laughed Flint weakly. The three walked over to one of the screens on the wall. It showed a model of the machine. \"So here's how he works. Water goes in the back, and food comes out the front\" said Flint. \"So this machine looks, talks, and thinks like a human\" asked Sam. \"Yes, and he makes the food\" said Flint proudly. \"So when you shot him up into the stratosphere, you figured he would induce a phase change from the cumulonimbus layer\" said Sam. \"That's actually a really smart observation\" said Flint, a little confused on how she knew that. \"I mean, he he, the clouds probably have water in them. Which, I guess is why you shot him up there in the first place\" said Sam with a nervous smile. \"Right, Right, that's why I did that. On purpose\" said Flint. \"Right, Yeah\" said Sam. \"Right\" said Flint. \"Of course\" said Sam. \"Okay\" said Flint. \"The machine uses a principle of hydro-genetic mutation. Water molecules are bombarded with microwave radiation which mutates their genetic recipe into any kind of food you want\" said Flint. \"So, Pizza\" asked Sam. \"Yes\" said Flint. \"Mashed potatoes\" asked Sam. \"Yes\" said Flint. \"Peas\" asked Sam. \"Yes, that's also a food\" said Flint. \"Steak, Apples\" asked Sam. \"Yes\" said Flint. \"Apple sauce, BLT\" asked Sam. \"I'm pretty shure I said any kind of food\" said Flint. \"Chicken wings\" asked Sam. \"Think about what you're saying, and if it's a food, yes\" said Flint. \"Baloney\" asked Sam excitedly. \"Baloney that is a food\" said Flint. \"How about Jell- O\" asked Sam happily? \"Do you like Jell-O\" asked Flint nervously. \"I love Jell- O\" said Sam happily. \"I love Jell- O too. Oh, and peanut butter, right\" asked Flint \"Oh, no, no, no, I am severely allergic to peanuts\" said Sam cautiously. \"Hey, me too\" said Flint, trying to sound normal. \"So what's the name\" asked Sam. \"Peanut Allergy\" said Flint. \"No of the machine\" said Sam. \"Of course\" said Flint. He ran over to his computer, which had a full view of himself and the machine. \"He's called the Flint Lockwood, diatomic, super mutation dynamic, food replicator. Or for short…FLDSMDFR\" said Flint. \"Fliminadifiser\" asked Sam. \"FLDSMDFR\" said Flint. \"Fliminubahdibferer\" asked Sam. \"Fli, Suh, Fdiferf\" said Flint, breaking the word down. \"Oh, Manny make shure you get this. He's going to make the food now\" said Sam. Manny got his camera up close. \"Now, well, thing is I can't…Wait to show you this hilarious internet video\" said Flint, and he opened a video file on his desk. On the screen appeared a kitten, playing a keyboard, and singing \"Fight the Power\". \"What? What is this? It's so cute\" said Sam as she and Manny watched the video. While this went on, Flint began working on a message device to send messages up to FLDSMDFR. \"Pushing, Folding, Connecting. Taping, Turning, Painting. Switching, Staring, Motivating, Placing button\" he said while he built the device. \"I can't believe we've been watching this for three hours\" said Sam. \"I know\" said Flint as he placed the last part into place. Then he got off the video, and activated the device. It hummed to life, and a message appeared on screen saying \"Place Order\". \"It's working\" said Flint. \"Great, so you can make the food now\" said Sam. \"Yes, but before we do, let's see if we can communicate with FLDSMDFR\" said Flint. He started typing codes, and turned on the microphone near him. \"FLDSMDFR, can you hear me\" asked Flint. For a moment, there was nothing, but then. \"Hello is anyone there\" asked a voice. \"Hey FLDSMDFR, you're okay. How are you, what happened after the cables came off\" asked Flint. \"Well, I kept flying upward, and soon I was able to shut off my shoes. But by then, I was so high up that couldn't come down. So now I'm just up here, looking down on the island\" said FLDSMDFR. \"Alright, oh, and thanks for the burgers. I didn't expect it to rain food\" said Flint. \"Oh, that, well thanks. I had plenty of water up here, and I still had the order in me. So, I thought I'd send down some burgers. How were they\" asked FLDSMDFR. \"Everyone loved them, and they want more. So would it be alright if you stayed up there\" asked Flint. \"Hey, I was built to make food. If people want it from the sky, I'll stay up here as long as necessary\" said FLDSMDFR. \"Alright, we'll be sending an order up soon. Just be ready\" said Flint. \"Alright then, talk later\" said FLDSMDFR, and then the communication ended. Flint looked at everyone and asked \"What do you guys want for breakfast\"? \"GUMMY BEARS\" said Steve excitedly. \"WHOA, STEVE NO! We both know how you get around gummy bears\" said Flint. \"How about, Eggs\" said Sam? \"And Toast\" said Flint. \"Orange Juice\" said Sam. \"AND BACON\" said the two together. Flint leaned in closer, closed his eyes and puckered up. \"What are you doing\" asked Sam. \"Nothing…TO THE COMPUTER\" said Flint. So Flint began typing in the order, while Manny filmed it. \"So, are you shure this is safe\" asked Sam. \"Don't worry; I have two gauges to help me out. One is FLDSMDFR's mood gauge. Green means good, yellow means mild, and Red means angry. This way, I know if he's in the mood to make something. And I also have a Dangeometer that lets me know if the food is going to over-mutate\" said Flint. \"What happens if the food over-mutates\" asked Sam. \"I don't know, but that will never happen\" said Flint. He finished placing the order, and turned to the large red button. \"Okay, this probably won't explode\" said Flint, raising his hand. \"What\" said Sam? Flint pressed the button, and the order was sent through the transmitter up to FLDSMDFR. Up in the sky, FLDSMDFR was lying in the air with his hands behind his head. Water from clouds was being sucked into his back, and his legs were crossed. \"It's really peaceful up here, nothing to bother me and all the time in the world\" he said. Suddenly, he felt something approaching. Then, he felt a weird sensation as the order flew into his hard drive. The screen on his chest showed a picture of a strip of bacon. \"BACON\" he said in his deep machine order voice. Then, he set to work on making the food.[Chapter 6] Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Chapter 6 \"Well those Cheeseburgers were only the beginning because a breakfast system is on its way to Swallow Falls\" said Sam over the TV. A man watching the broadcast smiled, and before he walked out, put a plate on his head. \"My forecast, Sunny…side up\" said Sam. Minutes later, bacon, eggs, toast, pancakes, and orange juice began falling onto the town. People were walking around, catching food in their hands or in their mouth. The mayor even put his mouth under a gutter drain pipe, and bacon came flying down it. Flint walked around, seeing everyone loving the food, and thanking him for it. Then, the mayor walked up to Flint, put his arm around him, and slipped a piece of bacon into his coat. \"Flint my boy, can you do Lunch\" he asked. Later that afternoon, the food had changed to sandwiches. Flint was sitting on a bench, with the Brent and the Mayor in front of him. Brent was holding signs while the mayor explained. \"Alright here's the skinny: You making it rain the snackadoos\" he said then ate a sandwich. \"Weather Girl provides free advertisement\" he said, then ate another sandwich. \"I have taken out a very high-interest loan to convert this Podunk town into a tourist food-topia\" he said, and then ate another sandwich. \"All you have to do, is have it rain food three meals a day, every day for the foreseeable future. And in thirty days, we hold the grand reopening of the island, as a must see cruise destination. And everyone, everywhere, is going to love you, and your invention\" said the Mayor, then ate a sandwich right out of Flints hands. \"You think so\" said Flint, mesmerized by the thought. \"I know so\" said the Mayor. Later, Flint explained the plan to the machine. \"So all we have to do is make it rain food for each meal everyday\" said Flint. \"Well, that was more than I expected, but, if it's for the island, I guess I can do that\" said FLDSMDFR. \"That's the spirit, and if this goes right, there will be people cheering \"Hurray for Flint and FLDSMDFR\" said Flint. Even though Flint couldn't see, FLDSMDFR was smiling. \"Alright then, let's get this island busy\" he said. \"Right\" said Flint, and he began typing in the order for dinner. So the days passed, with FLDSMDFR making it rain all kinds of food. Chicken Fingers, Ham, Pizza, Apples, Cereal, and much more. The mayor even changed the name of the town from Swallow Falls, to Chew and Swallow. And soon, Flint started getting requests. \"Mr. Lockwood, could you make it rain Waffles\" asked a boy. \"Falafels\" asked a Woman. \"Jellybeans\" asked another boy excitedly. \"Avocados\" asked an Old Man. \"Coming Right Up\" said Flint to each. With each request, Flint typed it into the computer, and sent it up to FLDSMDFR. Even if he couldn't make them right away, Flint wanted them in his data banks so he could get to them as soon as possible. But with each order, the level on the dangeometer moved closer to yellow. As for FLDSMDFR's mood gauge, while it stayed in the green, it too began to slowly move. \"Leftovers, not a problem with Flint Lockwood's latest invention; the out-of-sighter. So named because it catapults uneaten food out of sight, therefor, out of mind\" said Sam as Flint demonstrated his machine. And as more days passed, the town became a food centered one. All the buildings now had something to do with food, and all poster of Baby Brent were being covered with new ones of Flint. Brent whimpered when he saw this. \"JEALLYBEANS\" screamed some kids when the machine rained down jellybeans. \"Awesome\" said Cal. And still, the orders kept coming in. \"BLT\" asked a guy. \"Pie\" asked a girl. \"GUMMY BEARS\" said Steve. Flint looked at him angrily. \"Fish\" asked a man. \"Crème brulee\" asked a guy. One time, Flint was so overwhelmed with people requesting food, he had to say no to all of them. And by far, the strangest request had been from the mayor. One day Flint opened the door of his lab, and standing there was the mayor. He had gotten so big, he needed a scouter to ride around on. He then told Flint the craziest request yet. \"A PIZZA, STUFFED INSIDE A TURKEY, THE WHOLE THING DEEP FRIED AND DIPPED IN CHOCOLATE\" he said excitedly. Flint looked at him blankly. \"It's me the mayor\" he said. \"Oh, you look different, uh, did you get a new haircut\" he asked nervously. \"Yes I did, thank you for noticing\" said the mayor. So Flint continued to type orders, and then send them up. But he soon stopped looking at the two gauges. Now, the dangeometer's needle was just a poke away from yellow. FLDSMDFR's was now just a third of the way to it. Speaking of FLDSMDFR, things weren't going well for him. Up at his spot, he was fidgeting around. The constant orders were making his software feel burnt out. \"Yogurt, Bacon, Apples, Shrimp, Chili, Banana, Turkey, Pizza\" he couldn't stop saying food because he was constantly making more and more of it. His screen kept flashing different kinds while water was sucked into his back and food as shot out the front. One day, Flint was walking home when he passed by the Tackle Shop. He could see his dad inside, adding an extra zero to his 10% off sign. Flint sighed, and walked in. \"Hey dad I'm heading back to the lab. If you wanna come, I could show you how I make the food\" said Flint hopefully. \"No, thanks. That techno-food, it's too complicated for an old fisherman\" said Tim. \"Got it\" said Flint sadly, and turned to leave. \"Could still use your help around here, though, you know\" said Tim hopefully. \"I'm working with the mayor now, Dad. I mean, the town's grand reopening is in, like, a week\" said Flint. \"Right. Got it\" said Tim as Flint walked out. Later, Flint was adjusting the dish on the message sender when the computer started ringing. Flint looked at saw that FLDSMDFR was calling. Flint ran over and answered. \"Hello Flint Lockwood Laboratories, Flint speaking\" said Flint with a smile. \"Hey Creator, I need to ask you something\" said FLDSMDFR. \"Sure bud, what is it\" asked Flint. \"Well, I was wondering\" was all the machine could say before someone knocked at the door. A small screen appeared on the computer, and it showed Earl outside. \"Flint Lockwood\" he asked. \"Hold that thought\" said Flint to FLDSMDFR. \"But\" said the machine, but Flint had already raced to the window. \"Yes\" Flint called down to Earl. \"Uh, it's my son Cal's birthday tomorrow and I was just wondering if you could make it rain something special\" asked Earl nervously. \"Well, I'm pretty backed up on requests. Plus, you're always mean to me\" said Flint with an annoyed look. \"It'll be just one time for my special angel's special day\" said Earl, almost begging. \"Well, I don't know. You know, I don't wanna overwork FLDSMDFR, so...\" said Flint. \"Okay. I knew it was a long shot. I just wanted Cal to see how much his father loves him. I thought you would understand\" said Earl, and he turned sadly away. \"You know how fathers always trying to express their love and appreciation for their sons\" he said looking back. Flint thought for a moment, remembering his own dad. \"EARL WAIT\" he screamed. Earl stopped and looked back. Flint ran back into the lab and towards the messenger. He looked at the two gauges. FLDSMDFS's was still a third of the way from yellow. But the dangeometer's was just in the yellow. Flint tapped it with his finger, and it moved back to green. He smiled, then ran towards the computer. But when he did, Steve tapped the gauge, and it went back to yellow. Flint reached the computer \"FLDSMDFR are you still there\" he asked. \"Oh, yes I am creator, now as I was saying\" said FLDSMDFR. \"Hey, you don't mind if we send up a special order do you\" asked Flint, ignore the machine completely. \"Hu, a special order. Uh, well, I, I guess that would be alright, but\" was all FLDSMDFR could say. \"GREAT\" said Flint, then he ran towards the exit. He didn't even hear the rest of what he had to say. \"But I'm just really tired\" he said. And a moment later, the needle on his mood gauge moved a little bit closer to yellow. When Flint was outside, he turned to Earl. \"I've got an idea\" he said. Soon tomorrow had arrived, and it was a special one. Cal was sleeping, but when he woke up, he gasped. He ran to the window, and outside was tons of Ice-cream. It floated down like snow during winter. Then, Earl and his wife walked in smiling. \"Happy Birthday son\" said Earl. \"Dad\" asked Earl. \"This is your special day, go have fun\" said Earl. \"I love you guys, your awesome\" said Cal as he ran outside. \"I love you too, son\" said Earl. \"Have a good time, baby\" said his wife. Outside, kids were enjoying themselves. Weather it was eating the ice-cream, making an ice-cream man, or getting sent flying by the out-of-sighter. Earl and Cal even when sledding from the top of a roof. \"Come on, Dad\" said Cal as they climbed on. \"I don't know, Cal. This doesn't look SSSAAAFFFEEE\" said Earl as they rode down and fell into an ice-cream filled dumpster. But the two got up and laughed. \"I love you son\" said Earl. \"I know dad, you tell me everyday\" said Cal. Flint watched the two bonding and sighed. \"Flint, this is amazing\" said Sam, so unexpectedly that Flint turned around and put his hands up in defense. \"And designing the ice cream to accumulate into scoops I don't know how you're gonna top this\" said Sam. \"Maybe with, hot fudge\" said Flint, and he started laughing, but soon stopped when no one else laughed. \"Hey Flint, you wana be in a snowball fight with us\" asked Cal. Flint stepped back, looking nervous. \"Flint, what's the problem\" asked Sam. \"I've never actually been in a snowball fight\" said Flint sadly. \"Really\" said Sam, surprised. \"I don't even know the rules. Is there like a point system or is it...to the death\" asked Flint seriously. \"No you've nev- -? I mean, look, even Steve is throwing chocolate snowballs\" said Sam. They saw Steve throwing what \"Looked\" like chocolate snowballs. \"Oh\" said Sam, realizing. \"So, like this\" asked Flint, throwing a snowball, only for it to drop like a stone. \"No, harder than that\" said Sam. \"OH\" said Flint. Suddenly, Flint started throwing snowballs at everyone so hard, they fell over. \"Snowball, SNOWBALL, SNOWBALL, SNOWBALL\" he kept saying. \"Well, something to be said for enthusiasm\" said Sam with a nervous smile. Flint was so crazy, he even went inside a house and snowballed everyone inside. But they just laughed and went to enjoy the fun. \"I scream, you scream we all scream for Flint Lockwood's latest tasty town-wide treat with flurries of frozen fun on what the mayor declared to be an ice cream snow day\" said Sam on her broadcast. Flint sneaked up behind her with a snowball, but when he saw she was on TV, he just licked it. \"He'd also like to invite everyone in the world to catch a cruise liner and come on down this Saturday for the grand opening of Chew And Swallow a town that is truly a la mode\" said Sam. And her broadcast was being shown all around the world, with people from different countries watching it in multiple languages. \"With today's scoop for the Weather News Network I'm Sam Sparks\" said Sam happily. \"FLINT, THIS IS THE BEST BREAKFEST EVER\" screamed a kid. Hope you guys liked this chapter. I wanted it to show more about how the orders are affecting FLDSMDFR, and how Flint is oblivious to it. Remember to leave a review to tell me what you think.[Chapter 7] Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Chapter 7 A few days later, Flint was sitting on his bed in deep thought. \"That's It\" said Flint, and he ran away to get something started. \"Researching\" he said, looking up things on dating, and ignoring ten missed calls from FLDSMDFR. \"Roleplaying\" he said, sitting at a table with Steve in a blond wig. \"Ordering\" he said, sitting at the computer. He took the microphone and called FLDSMDFR. \"Come on, come on\" said Flint. \"Hello, creator is that you\" asked the machine. \"FLDSMDFR, hey, look, I have a special order I'm going to send up to you\" said Flint. \"But creator, you sent up a special order a few days ago, what is this order for\" asked FLDSMDFR. \"Let's just say it's special. So can you make it, for me\" asked Flint, in a kid begging kind of voice. \"Well, I suppose I could, but\" said the machine. \"GREAT\" said Flint happily, and he ended the chat and started typing in the order. The needle on the mood gauge moved slightly. \"Dialing, Waiting\" said Flint as he typed a number and waited. \"Sam Sparks\" said Sam, answering the call. \"HANING UP\" said Flint hastily, putting the phone down. \"Regretting\" he said, banging his head. \"Re-psyching\" he said, doing a kick in the air. \"Saying what I'm doing\" said Flint while dialing the number again. \"Flint\" asked Sam, answering the call again. \"Hi, Sam, how are you? That's nice. I was wondering if you would like to go on a da- activity with me tomorrow\" asked Flint, nervously. \"Um…okay\" said Sam, a little confused. \"Great, bye. Meet me in the forest\" said Flint, and then hanged up. \"Nailed it. Got to go Steve, keep an eye on the lab for me\" said Flint as he walked out. What he didn't see was that the Dangeometer was halfway in the yellow, and the FLDSMDFR's gauge was just a poke from yellow. While this went on, Steve put an ice-cream cone on his head. \"Steve\". The next day, around sunset, Flint and Sam were walking through a field, with Flint's Remote Control TV running across behind them. \"Where are we going\" asked Sam. \"Oh, nowhere. I just thought it'd be nice for the two of us to go on a walk together. Like you do as friends\" said Flint nervously. Then the two reached the top of a hill \"Oh, my, what's that\" asked Flint. Sam looked and gasped. There, a little from the hill, was a giant dome made of Jell-O. The two walked up to it. \"Jell-O's my Favorite\" said Sam. \"You never made a request, so, I made one for you\" said Flint. Then, he walked right into the Jell-O. \"Flint, Flint\" asked Sam. Then, Flint's hand appeared out of the Jell-O. \"Join Me\" he said, extending it. Sam hesitantly grabbed it, and was instantly pulled inside the dome. Surprisingly, the inside was hallow, and shaped like the inside of a large mansion. \"But how did you\" asked Sam. \"I made it rain Jell-O, then I gathered it up with the Outtasighter and then I brought it here and pressed it into a gigantic custom-carved plastic Tupperware mold I made. No big deal\" said Flint, and then he ran to a Jell-O piano and started playing it. \"Everything's made of Jell-O. This piano, those sconces that ghetto blaster, that Jell-O, that aquarium, that Venus de Milo with your face on it next to a Michelangelo's David that also has your face. Come on, Sam, what are you waiting for\" asked Flint after pointing out everything. Sam looked at it all, then at the EXIT sign behind her. \"NOTHING\" she screamed, and started jumping around the place with Flint. Later, the two were on the highest part of the dome. The sun was still out, but it was almost gone. Flint and Sam sat in silence looking at it. \"So Jell- O\" said Sam, holding up a spoon full of Jell-O. \"Right. Right, right\" said Flint. \"It's a solid, it's a liquid it's a visco-elastic polymer made of polypeptide chains, but you eat it\" said Sam. But then she realized what she said \"I mean it tastes good\". \"Why do you do that\" asked Flint. \"Do what\" asked Sam, looking away. \"Say something super smart and then bail from it\" said Flint. Sam sighed \"Can you keep a secret\" she asked. \"No\" said Flint, but then he saw her face and said \"But this time, sure\". \"Okay. Well, it was a really long time ago, but l, too, was… a nerd\" said Sam, turning away in embarrassment. \"Too\" said Flint, confused. \"When I was a little girl, I wore a ponytail, I had glasses, and I was totally obsessed with the science of weather. Other girls wanted a Barbie. I wanted a Doppler Weather Radar 2000 Turbo. But all the kids used to taunt me with this lame song. It wasn't even clever. \"Four-eyes, four-eyes You need glasses to see\"\" explained Sam. Flint chuckled at the song, but saw Sam glaring at him \"Go On\" he said. \"So I got a new look, gave up the science-y smart stuff, and I was never made fun of again. And I still need these glasses, but I never wear them\" said Sam, pulling out a pair of glasses. \"I'll bet you look great with glasses on\" said Flint, taking the glasses. \"I'm not\" said Sam nervously. \"And on they go\" said Flint, putting them on. One moment, Sam saw a blurred handsome version of Flint, but when the glasses were on, she saw what he really looked like. \"WHOA\" said Sam, surprised. \"What\" asked Flint? \"Nothing\" said Sam. \"Wait\" said Flint. He scooped up some Jell-O, and formed it into something. \"It's a Jell- O scrunchie\" he said, showing it so Sam. She looked at it nervously, but turned around and let Flint put it on. \"And now, the reveal\" he said with his hand over his eyes. When he put his hand down, he saw Sam with glasses and hair in a ponytail. \"Wow\" said Flint, mesmerized by her beauty. \"I mean, you were okay before but now, you're beautiful\" he said. \"No, I'm not. I can't go out in public like this\" said Sam, embarrassed. \"Well, why not? I mean, this is the real you, right? Smart, bespectacled, who wouldn't wanna see that\" asked Flint. \"You know, I've never met anyone like you, Flint Lockwood\" said Sam. \"Me either. But about you\" said Flint. Then he puckered his lips, but while doing so, puffed out his mouth to. Sam, confused, tried to find a way to kiss him. But just then… \"Flint, you have a call, Flint, you have a call\" said a voice. \"Is that your phone ringing\" asked Sam. \"That's weird. Someone must've changed my ring\" said Flint silently as he looked to see who was calling. \"Oh, it's the mayor. Do you mind if I take this\" asked Flint. \"No, no, no. Go ahead, take it. That's fine\" said Sam. \"I'm sorry, it's important\" said Flint. \"I should be going too. It's getting late\" said Sam. \"I'll just step outside\" said Flint, walking through the Jell-O, not knowing he was on the balcony. Sam watched as Flint fell out of sight, before hearing him hit the dirt a few seconds later. A few hours later, Tim was outside a building that sold bibs. He was adjusting his tie while he waited. Then, Flint ran up to him. \"Dad, you came. I have so much to tell you\" he said excitedly. \"Do I look all right\" asked Tim. \"You look great. Come on, let's go\" said Flint. They soon arrived at a club called \"The Roofless\", which had a long line of people in front of it. At the front of the line, Brent was talking to the bouncer. \"It's Baby Brent, you know? UH OH\" he said, doing his pose. \"I should be on the list\" he complained. Then Flint and Tim walked past him. \"Hey Brian\" he said to the bouncer, who let them pass. \"WHAT, you're letting that guy in…THAT GUY'S A NERD\" shouted Brent as the door closed. Inside, it looked like a normal restaurant. However, there was one major difference…there was no roof. Food fell from the sky and landed in people's plates. Tonight, it was raining steak. Flint and Tim were lead through the restaurant, while people complimented Flint and the steaks he had made. \"Very nice place\" said Tim as others, including Earl, thanked Flint. Soon they were seated at their table. \"So no roof\" he said. \"Yep. You just hold out your plate. And I even made it rain your favorite: Meat\" said Flint as he held out his plate and a steak fell into it. Tim looked around as steaks fell into people's plates. However, it seemed that the steaks were getting a little bigger. \"Okay. So you know how the grand reopening of the town is tomorrow? Well, the mayor has asked me to cut the ribbon\" said Flint. They he leaned across the table and said \"He said my invention saved the town. Aren't you proud of me\" asked Flint with his hands raised. Tim was silent for a moment, and just as he was about to say something, a VERY large steak fell right in front of him, it was twice as big as the plate. He looked at the steak, then at Flint. \"Well...doesn't this steak look a little big to you\" he asked. Flint faced showed one of disbelief; he couldn't believe what he just heard. \"Yeah, it's a big steak. I mean, every steak is not exactly the same size. Did you even hear what I just said\" he asked, now with a disappointed face as a large steak landed in front of him. \"Son, look around. I'm not sure this is good for people. Maybe you should think about turning your 'invention' off\" asked Tim. \"He's making everybody happy. Everybody except you. When are you gonna accept that this is who I am...instead of trying to get me to work in some boring tackle shop\" asked Flint, then a steak landed on his head. Tim was silent for a moment, then said \"Well...you seem like you know what you're doing, then. I guess I'll just get out of your way\" and he got up and walked away. Flint's face slowly looked sad as he saw him leave. Later, Tim was grinding sardines into chum at the store. He looked around and sighed. At the same time, a steak came down at knocked the \"And Son's\" sign off the store sign. Even later, Flint was walking back to the lab. The food had changed to Hotdogs, and Flint was talking to himself. \"I mean, there's no pleasing that guy. He just wants to take anything good I do and just smoosh it\" he said angrily. Suddenly, something large dropped down in front of him. \"AAAWWW\" he screamed, but stopped when he looked down. It was a hotdog, but it was ten times the size of a regular hotdog. Flint looked around, and was surprised to see hotdogs of the same size all over the place. \"These are big hotdogs\" he said as he looked around. Flint took the hotdog and brought it back to his lab. He put it under a scanner and, well, scanned it. The results showed up on a screen and Flint looked them over. While he did, Steve began eating the mustard off the hotdog. \"Man. I mean, this isn't that bad. Is it, Steve\" asked Flint. \"Yellow\" said Steve, whose hands and mouth were covered in mustard. \"You're right, Steve. The Dangeometer is in the yellow. And FLDSMDFR's is close to being the same. Maybe I should call him\" said Flint as he looked at the computer \"Because I don't know what to do\". \"I do\" said a voice. Flint looked behind him, and from the shadows came the mayor. He had gotten even bigger, and was still using the scooter to get around. A hotdog with ice cream, bacon, and other things was under his left arm. \"I declare these hot dogs to be delicious\" he said happily. \"Oh No\" said Flint, who almost fell over with surprise. \"Whoa\" said Steve, and he ducked behind some boxes. \"How did you get in here\" asked Flint. \"Tomorrow's the big day, Flint. The entire town's fate is resting on your food weather. I'm thinking pasta. Some light apps. I know you won't let us down\" said the mayor as he handed Flint a menu, took a bite of some ice cream, and backed away. \"Well, Mr. Mayor, I think there's something you should see\" said Flint. \"What\" said the mayor, rolling right up to Flint's face. Flint walked over to a screen and turned it on. It showed small, blue molecules in the shape of a normal sized hotdog. \"This is the molecular structure of a hot dog that fell last week\" said Flint. Then he turned on a screen below it, and it showed large, red molecules in the shape of a large hotdog. \"And this is the molecular structure of a hot dog that fell today\" he said. \"FLDSMDFR uses microwave radiation to mutate the genetic recipe of the food. The more we ask him to make, the more clouds he takes in, the more radiation he emits, the more these food molecules could over- mutate. I think that's why the food is getting bigger\" said Flint. The mayor was sitting there with a bored expression. \"Here's what I heard: \"bla, bla, bla, Science, science, science, bigger.\" And bigger is better. Everyone's gonna love these new portion sizes\" said the mayor, and he fit the entire large hotdog into his mouth. \"I know I do\" he said, with the hotdog still in his mouth. Flint looked a little disgusted, but then turned to the large red button. \"My dad thinks I should turn him off\" he said. The mayor approached him. \"Geniuses like us are never understood by their fathers, Flint\" he said. \"But what if things go\" was all Flint could say before the mayor cut him off. \"Who needs the approval of one family member when you can have it from millions of acquaintances? Not to mention that little cutlet, Sam Sparks. And me\" he said, then he started driving his scooter around Flint. \"I've always felt that you were like a son to me, Flint. And I'm gonna be so proud of you tomorrow, when you cut that ribbon, save the town, and prove to everybody what a great inventor you are. So here's the cheese: You can keep him going, get everything you've ever wanted, and be the great man I know you can be. Or you can turn him off, ruin everything, and no one will ever like you. It's your choice\" said the mayor, and he whispered the last few words into Flint's ear for an echo affect. Flint was silent for a second, before sighing and saying \"okay\". So he walked up to the computer and started typing in the order. But he also ignored the FLDSMDFR's voicemails, which had gone up to twenty-one. As he did this, the mayor greedily looked down at him doing it. Steve just hid down below the desk. When Flint was done, he turned to the red button. \"I mean, bigger is better...right\" he asked. \"Oh ya\" said the mayor. So, with a second pause, Flint hit the button, and the order was sent up. Meanwhile, FLDSMDFR wasn't doing so well. He looked worn out, like when you exercise for too long. His eyes were dreary, and he was just hanging there. But there was another issue. Globs of food had stuck themselves all along his left side. His left hand, leg, arm, and foot were covered in the food glob. But there was also some around the food exit port area. \"So tired, I need some rest. But I just have to wait, creator cares about me, and I'm sure he'll send me a message telling me I've got the day off. I'm sure of it\" he said in a tired confident voice. And not a moment later, FLDSMDFR felt a message approaching. \"Awe, and here it is now. I knew creator cared\" he said happily, but still in a tired way. But suddenly, his whole circuit started to go haywire. He felt like there was a fire inside of him, burning everything it could. His actions started kicking in, and he began saying random food again. \"Spaghetti. Asparagus. Celery. Garlic bread. Meatball. Shrimp\" he said in a very fast way. But while this went on, he started thinking. \"All he does is send me orders. He ignores my calls, and he doesn't give me any credit. All I am to him is some mindless machine. And everyone just wants more food\" he thought. But as he did, his hands started to become fists, and he gritted his teeth. Finally, his face turned from one of tiresome to one of anger. \"SO, THEY WANT FOOD DO THEY? WELL ALRIGHT THEN, I'LL GIVE THEM FOOD. I'll GIVE THEM LOT'S OF FOOD\" he screamed, and suddenly tons of food shot out of his exit port. Back at the lab, the mayor was telling Flint he had made the right choice. But while they talked, FLDSMDFR's gauge was shaking. The needle, which was still in the blue, wobbled. Suddenly, it shot right, and landed right in the middle of yellow. Sorry for the wait, but I hope you liked this chapter. Doesn't look like things are going well for FLDSMDFR. Tune in to see what happens next.[Chapter 8] Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs Part 8 Soon the next day arrived. Cruise ships from all over the world were arriving at Chew and Swallow, with people wanting to see it rain food. People were walking off the ships onto the island. A light food drizzle was coming down. \"Looks safe to me\" said one New Yorker who was holding a large corndog. \"And sanitary too\" said an Indian man, and caught a large celery as it fell from the sky. Meanwhile, Sam was in her van. She was looking at herself in a mirror, examining her new look. She checked her version for a second, and then stopped. She noticed something behind her. It was a large metal briefcase. She grabbed it, put it down in front of her, and blew some dust off. On the front read \"Doppler Weather Radar 2000 Turbo\". Sam opened it up, and looked at the switches, dials, and radar screen. \"Wow\" she said. Then she turned it on. The screen lit up and showed the weather around the island. But then, the screen flashed a \"WARNING\" sign. Sam looked at the incoming weather, and gasped. Outside, the crown was gathered around the town square. The area had been completely changed. Towards the front was a stage, which the mayor was on. \"WHO'S HUNGRY\" he shouted. The crowd cheered and fireworks went off. \"Welcome, tourists, to Chew And Swallow\" said the Mayor. \"That is one big Mayor\" said a Frenchman in the crowd. \"Delight in our nacho-cheese hot springs\" said the mayor, pointing out the pool filled with Nacho Cheese behind him. \"Allow your kids to eat all the junk food they want in our completely unsupervised Kid Zone\" he said, pointing out piles of food that kids where running around. \"And when the fun is done gaze upon the sunset cresting over Mount Leftovers. From which we're protected by a presumably indestructible dam\" he said, pointing at the mountain of food behind the town. \"We've got people here today from all around the world…\" Meanwhile, Flint was behind a curtain on stage. He straightened his hair as much as he could, and tried to think about what to say. Suddenly, Sam ran up to him. \"Flint, you need to look at this\" she said urgently. \"Why aren't you on TV? You're supposed to be broadcasting this\" asked Flint. \"There's a problem. I think the food's getting bigger\" said Sam. \"I know, it's great. Bigger portion sizes. Everyone loves it\" said Flint, looking at the large food people were carrying around/eating. \"I'm not sure we're doing the right thing here. What if we've bitten off more than we can chew\" asked Sam. Flint sighed annoyedly \"For the first time in my life, everybody loves something that I've done. Why can't you just be happy for me, and go say the weather or something. Jeez\" said Flint, and he turned to the curtain. Sam just stared at Flint. \"And without further ado, our town's hero and my metaphorical son; Flint Lockwood\" said the Mayor. After that, Flint jumped out from behind the curtain to a screaming crowd. \"Thank you. Thank you, everyone\" he said as he walked to the center of the stage. Then the Mayor turned to the crowd. \"Brent, we're gonna need you to hand over the ceremonial scissors\" he said to Brent. Brent was near the stage, holding the scissor tightly. \"But\" was all he could say before someone ripped the scissors out of his hand. \"No. You can't. You can't take them. No\" said Brent. \"Here you go\" said a man as he handed Flint the scissors. Brent ran up to the stage \"I'm Baby Brent\" he screamed. Then, the turned to the crowd and ripped off his jumpsuit, now he was only wearing a diaper. \"Uh Oh\" he said, doing his pose. \"Put Your Close Back On\" said someone nearby. And soon the whole crowd was booing him. Brent covered himself, then ran off, almost crying. \"WHO AM I\" he screamed as he ran away. The mayor turned to Flint \"Go ahead, Flint. Everybody loves you\" he said. But after he did, he rolled off the stage, and began driving towards the houses. \"Lockwood! Lockwood! Lockwood! Lockwood! Lockwood! Lockwood\" screamed the crowd. Flint held the scissors tightly, then held them up in the air. The crowd cheered more when he did. Meanwhile, Tim was at the Tackle Shop, grinding Sardines into chum. He heard the cheering, and sighed sadly. Back at the opening, Flint was about to cut the ribbon. He looked around at everything, and remembered that it was because of him. Then, in one motion, he cut the ribbon. And that's when it all started. Just as the ribbon was cut, the wind picked up severely. The nearby rat birds flew away as fast as they could. The sky started to turn an orange color. Steve ran up onto Flint's shoulder. \"Danger. Danger. Danger\" said Steve. Flint put up his finger, then tasted it. \"Salt-and-pepper wind\" he said. Then something large and green smacked into his face. He pulled it off and looked at it. \"Oregano\" he said, then heard a rumble noise and looked over. Over near the houses, the wind was kicking up. And then, just as it grew stronger, a tornado formed. But this wasn't an ordinary tornado. This one was made of spaghetti. The strands swirled around and around, forming the cyclone. And meatballs were either being swirled around with it, or being hurled through the air. The tornado touched down, and began leaving a trail of destruction. \"Mama Mia\" said Flint. He looked over at Sam, who was nearby. She glared at him, then ran towards her van. \"Sam wait, I can turn him off\" he shouted. Suddenly Flint realized what he said, and looked towards his Lab. \"I can turn him off\" he said. Then Flint jumped off the stage and ran towards his lab. Dodging people, meatballs, garlic bread, and other objects along the way. (I'm not going to bother writing what happens next. If you've seen the movie, you know what happens. If not, well, sorry) Flint climbed down the ladder and found himself outside his lab. \"Gummy Bears\" said Steve. \"Not Now Steve\" said Flint as he ran to the elevator. Meanwhile, people were trying to get off the island. But he cruise ships had already left. People inside the Roofless were waiting for food to drop. But suddenly they were covered in giant spaghetti. Tim was looking out at all the destruction and chaos. He ran to the door and opened it. \"Flint\" he screamed. But then the saw a giant meatball coming towards him, and quickly shut the door just as it hit the space in front of it. Sam was reporting the food-nado on the WNN. \"This is Sam Sparks, live from Chew And Swallow where a spaghetti twister\" was all Sam could say before the feed cut back to the news room. \"Sam, hey, we love a good storm over here, but you look like a nerd\" said Patrick. \"Patrick, several children are stranded in the path of this tomato tornado\" said Sam as the camera looked over at the Kid's Zone. Cal could be seen lying on top of a pile of jelly beans. Earl saw the broadcast on a nearby screen. \"CAL\" he screamed, and ran over to the Kid's Zone. \"What is that, a scrunchie? I haven't seen one of those since 1995\" said Patrick. \"What? We have an actual weather emergency\" said Sam. But then a breadstick knocked her face into the camera…again. Patrick was trying hard to suppress his laughter \"Well, we'll get right back to that storm and hopefully Sam'll look a little more appealing\" he said, then cut to showing weather in other cities. Meanwhile, Sam had reached the lab. \"Steve, we just have to upload the kill code and then we'll shut down\" started Flint, but stopped when he entered the lab. The mayor was sitting at the computer, typing something in. \"Oh, What are you doing here\" asked Flint. \"I've been ordering dinner for the last 10 minutes. Why, is something going on\" asked the Mayor. \"I've gotta stop FLDSMDFR. Everyone's in danger because of me\" said Flint, trying to get past the mayor so he could type the kill code. But the mayor used his large belly to fling him back. \"Oh, it can't be that bad\" said the Mayor, and he pressed the red button. \"Ah\" said Flint worriedly. \"Well, I'm out of here\" said the Mayor, and he drove towards the exit. \"I can still stop the order with the kill code\" said Flint. He ran to the computer and typed in the code. \"Sending Kill Code\" he said, and reached for the button. Suddenly, Flint was grabbed around the neck by the mayor. \"I'm Back\" he said as he pulled Flint away from the computer. \"Got to get the button\" said Flint as he struggled to escape. Then he noticed a chili Pepper next to him. He reached over, grabbed it, and shoved it in the mayor's eye. \"AWW\" he screamed and let Flint go. Flint started running towards the button. \"Hey, Flint. It's been nice to beet you\" said the mayor, and he flung a 'beat' at Flint. But he ducked under it \"That's a radish\" he said as he reached the button. But the radish kept flying. Flint reached out and pressed the button. The kill code was sent through the wires to the transmitter. But just as it reached it, so did the radish. It smashed into the transmitter, and blew it apart. But before it did, the Dangeometer was in the red, and FLDSMDFR's mood gauge was just a hair away from red. But then the two gauges exploded. Flint looked at the destroyed transmitter, then at the computer. The screen's where flashing the word 'Error'. \"That was the only way to communicate with FLDSMDR. What exactly did you order\" asked Flint sternly. The mayor hesitated, then said \"A Vegas-style all-you-can-eat buffet\". Flint gasped, then looked up towards the sky, only thinking about FLDSMDFR. Up in the sky, FLDSMDFR was looking down at the spaghetti-nado ravaged island. But he was looking pretty bad to. Now, he was completely covered in food. The brown food glob had fully encased him. Now, the only parts still showing were his face and the screen on his chest, which was flashing different foods. \"Hope they liked their grand opening dinner. Now I'm sure creator will ask me to come down so he can look over me. I'll be able to tell him what's wrong, and I'll FINALLY get a break\" he said. But not a moment sooner, his whole body felt like it was being melted and stabbed at the same time. The Mayor's order had reached him, and had been inserted into his hard drive. If his mood gauge hadn't been destroyed, it would have hit red. FLDSMDFR's eyes turned red, and so did his screen. \"Not even a food tornado could get him to check on me. He doesn't care about me, all he cares about is being a star and taking credit for what I do\" said FLDSMDFR angrily. \"Well, if he wants to take responsibility for all that's happening, let's have him take responsibility for the destruction of his island. No, wait, that's stupid. Why should I punish just him. All those people who just want food to rain so they don't have to do anything. They should have a taste of this too. So, LET'S SEE HOW THE WHOLE WORLD LIKES A FOOD STORM\" shouted FLDSMDFR. Suddenly, Tons and Tons of food shot out of the exit hole, and began to form dark rumbling clouds. Sorry for the wait everyone, but I had other things to do. Don't expect another chapter up for at least two weeks. But don't worry, I'm fallowing this story until the end.[Chapter 9] Hello to all CWACOM fans. I am very sorry that I have not updated in a long time. School and my new job have really eaten away at my time. Plus I am now also on another Fanfic website, so that is also a problem. However, I do wish to finish this story. Please give me time, and I will have a chapter out as soon as possible. Thanks. Trainmaster97 ","Summary":" Here's my version of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. This is how I would have written the movie."},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Crossed Roads","Author":"AliceUchihaLockwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10249455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Do any of you believe that things happen by chance or by whims of fate? That perhaps in any life you've met that person and it has returned and you never suspected it? Think about it... perhaps that person know you more than what you know yourself... or something as well... Flint Lockwood was a young man of 16 years, with big dreams and ideals; which ones? Become the greatest inventor who never ever known the world, and to achieve the respect that it has sought since childhood. One day he was thinking of new ideas, making a few blueprints and doing research on genetics, for it... simply, it's always... —God... can't believe that genetics would be as difficult as I was planning... —Steve! —But what the- Behind him, there was a vervet monkey, making a great disaster with various materials, such as test tubes, flasks, etc. all empty but really close to break them. —Steve, drop that now! The monkey wasn't listening to his complains, forcing the inventor to pursue it by the whole lab, putting together a great disaster in the place, a few minutes later, he finally managed to catch the mischievous. —Finally I catched you... —Sad... —Flint! —shouted someone —is all ok? —Sure dad, just... nothing! —Well, we'll go to the docks, you like it or not. I need help. But you will go without that monkey! I don't want that monkey rip the moustache to someone else! Flint shuddered, remembering how Steve had ripped the mustache of his dad, when he was presenting the Monkey Thought Translator... so far had it recordered, never dared to delete it by... reasons, then continued: —Do really I have to go? —Yes so, I'll see you later, in 10 minutes skipper. The young man frowned and sighed heavily with what came... the last thing he wanted to do was go to the docks to help his father. It was very... boring to his preference, but seeing him on the other hand, it would may be good to take some \"fresh air\" and think of something new before begin with genetics. Quickly sorting his things, and leaving some food to Steve, he went to the elevator, without before giving a look at a photo on one side of his bed, giving him some pain and sadness... —Oh mom... you don't know how I need you... Perhaps you would have made me more closer to Dad... and I really would like someone like you... —a small tear fell down on his cheek, cleaning it, he shouted encouragement: —Steve! Take care of the laboratory! —Steve! And went down to his house, from there they went to the docks, Flint helped his father with the fishing rods, and an hour later was there sitting and fishing with his father... —Flint... I wanna talk to you... —What's wrong dad...? —I would like you to leave the inventions and help me in the store with what I need... —What? No! —Why not? —We had spoken so many times about this same topic! I like to invent, and is what I always do...! Please, and you know mom always believed it... His father was surprised to hear the mention of his wife, and Flint felt sad to remember it, it had been almost nine years since his mother died in a fire, so far had failed to overcome the trauma he suffered... he was there when she died... A strange sound catched his attention, it was as if something was falling into the atmosphere with a great force breaking the sound wall, when he turned, a meteorite or somthing like that, was falling to the ground, the young man at first believed that it would fall in the forest, but after calculating the trajectory and speed that was coming, would land not far from the pier. Seconds later landed violently into the ocean, with father and son in the front row, while there were people arriving to the coast to watch, while the police had done their appearance, did not see is nothing, arousing the curiosity of the young Lockwood, and inadvertently has started to move forward, being held by his father. —Where are going son? —I wanna investigate —Are you crazy? You will not go beyond, it is dangerous, we had to go. Flint followed him for a few meters, when his father distracted for mere seconds, took advantage, and ran straight to the sea, being chased for him, but was too late because he jumped inside, worrying him so much... Meanwhile, the young man should seek fast the meteor or satellite that has fallen, because the pressure make him lose air and really fast, so it was forward, his eyes looked something fuzzy far, when approached more was too surprised to see that it wasn't a rock or satellite; It was what looked like as a ten-year-old girl, more or less, her hair was floating behind her, surprisingly had first-degree burns, part of her clothing were destroyed or burned, her clothes were a navy blue t-shirt and pants, she was carrying a sword in her back, was kinda weird, and had a somewhat peculiar sneaker. Without hesitating for a second, grabbed the girl and took her to the coast. Going back to the surface, Tim was looking very concerned to the sea, had already spent a while and his son still did not arrive, bubbles began to go out on the surface of the water, and with a huge breath of air, Flint appeared, carrying something kinda heavy, surprising so much, without hesitation, helped his son up to the girl, seeing that she was very injured with a few cuts, and other injuries, it could go worst thanks to the salty water of the sea, Tim was really confused, and asked him: —Where did you found her? —She was floating under the ocean, she has woulds all over her body incluiding a large cut on the side of her belly... —Then we must carry her to the hospital before it get worst. —Well, I was thinking to carry her to home, I know first aids and I think isn't nessesary a hospital, and you know how many times I ended like her. I promise I'll take care of whatever she does when she wakes up. Tim took a very deep breath, and almost reluctantly he accepted carry her to their home, after a not so long healing terapy, they let her rest in Flint's old room. Something weird happened to Flint, by a reason, he felt he saw her in somewhere, in some point of his life; ignoring that really weird almost nonsensed fact, he just went back to his lab. Life can be SO iffy sometimes, or whimsical, and the most part of the time: wrongful, but this time; it have a great surprise to Flint and she. And they never going to know what is[Chapter 2] More or less three days have passed since the strange girl appeared, it was something rare to be unconscious for that long... until she finally open her eyes... revealing a bright pair of dark brown eyes... in a first moment she felt so weird at the fact of being in a house, lying in a bed, resting, now concious, and another bunch of things. —Weird... did someone... save me...? Her face changed into a bittersweet expression, as she looked like she didn't want anyone to save her life... she was watching her around for a while, it was a room with blue details, it was for a male, very nice room. Beside her bed had a table, on one side was her sword, and on top of the table had some clothes. She in a little effort tried to get up, almost falling to the ground but balancing at the end, slowly opens the door, looking if there was someone around, seeing that everything was clear, slowly opened the door to come out, and went to look at the rest of what it seemed as a little house, which was also very nice. Came down the hall and toured until the end, the door that was there was bathroom. — Always, whenever i go, the first thing I find is the bath —thought she — I think I'll take a shower later... Then she saw another door, opening it carefully to browse if there was no one, seeing that there was no one came and started to browse a little... — Here should be the room of the owners of the house... I shouldn't be wandering around like this... whoever who saved my life allowed me to stay here so... —her thoughts were interrupted by her stomach — Oh... am hungry... to the kitchen... I'm wondering how long I've been out. She slowly left the room without realizing that already was discovered a few minutes ago by someone, gently closed the door of the room, and when she realized, a burly man, old, overcrowded eyebrow that covered his eyes was looking at her, making the visitor jump scaried and cried with all her might: —Mamá! —she jumped almost touching the ceiling, literally and fell on her back, the man raised an eyebrow confused, she continued —I'm so sorry mister... I know that it shouldn't roam around the house as well, but it grabbed my curiosity and... —a deep red tone invaded her face, totally ashamed —forgive me... It wasn't my intention walk around here without an explanation or something... —with a hand on her neck The man just smiled, the girl was nearly half of its height, although she was a little higher than it seemed. She had light brown hair with curlers, it was a complete mess, reminding him someone, he looked at her brown eyes, then proceeded to ask him: —What is your name little girl? —Alicia... Alicia Galiano... but can you call me Alice, which is the same... —Tim Lockwood —said passing a huge hand —you are very educated, not all apologize so after something like this —it took it nerve —why not talk as civilized people and tell me something? Don't worry I'm not a shark to eat you. —O... OK... If you want —ended with a shy smile Tim also smiled and went back to her room, she sat on the bed pretty nervous, in a really shy, retracted way, Tim also sat at her side, then asked: —You are Latin, true? —Y-yes. My mother's family are... but with Italian descent of my great-great grandparents... my paternal family are Japanese but my father and I has nothing of it... I'm South American... live in a small coutry called Paraguay... with my mother's family... and I only use my mother's last name which is Galiano... —How many years do you have? —10 years... Tim smiled and continued talking between the two. They were talking pleasantly, slowly her retreated attitude and shyness were replaced with a simplistic, humble attitude, until some girl's stomach started to growl... reminding her why she left the room and Tim, making a small expression of it was close to tears, he asked: —What happens? —I'm feeling hungry... Tim smiled and told Alice to accompany him to the kitchen, then it occurred to him to ask the young tenant: —A question, do you like sardines? —Being honest and trying to not sound kinda rude with you... I don't really care a lot that fact... I can eat all that food and whether it is food that tastes bad I do it again... in short... yes... It seems that the comment made him happy to hear that, then were to cook something with sardines since it was the only thing they had to eat on the whole island... along with coffee according to him —How do you like it? —In any way, largely fries, but I would like to cook by... —No, don't worry, you're our tenant so I'm going to cook. Just sit back and relax —said Tim starting to sing fishing songs. She had the feeling that would not convince it Began to look for the kitchen room, that also was the living room, over the fireplace, she saw the picture of a woman, had curly brown hair like her, both were similar in some many features, except the blue-eyed, because of it was brown, with a boundless curiosity occurred to him to ask Tim who was that woman... but she would do it after eating. A while later she had already eaten everything without forgetting what was going to ask Tim, but really it was plenty of food, almost all cans of sardines from the house, to the surprise of it... then she asked —Mr Lockwood, I wouldn't like to be not overly curious but... who is she? —she asked pointing with a finger to the picture —She was my wife —he said something disappointed —, her name was Fran... She died almost nine years ago in a fire in the factory of sardines... once the old boiler had exploded... had inhaled toxic smoke... since she worked in the area of the explosion... She was saved in critical condition... my son and I... went to see her... was white and pale... whiter skin... said some words to my son until at that moment... she... she... she died —ended. There was a silence heavy for a few moments —We are literally a shattered family... —I kinda think that it would've been better to haven't asked... —Don't worry... I think you were going to find out anyway... —I think that if... —said she put her head on the table Tim looked at the girl, it seemed that something in her story reminded him to someone or something, then occurred it to ask —Do you also lost someone? I think that I notice it by your expression —she nodded —Yes... I lost my grandfather a few years ago, I really loved him... but I don't wanna talk about that now... —I understand... —heavy silence —Hey... —Yes? —Aren't you planning to change those clothes you're wearing? She looked at her clothes, they were broken and tattered, in addition to bands were and she was walking barefoot for a long time, since she did not shoe since it rose, and she hadn't thought of in that for a long time, which is different, had not thought of it before. —I didn't mind it before... I wasn't thinking about that for a while, I think I've been a little distracted... —We left some clothes in the room, I don't know if it will be something big or if it will fit you well, but it was the only women's clothes that we had. —Oh, ok, can't complain I guess... Both went to the room, Alice pulled out the clothes and went to the bathroom, Tim quickly passed him a towel, while later came out and went back to the room, with a wet, a while after she left the room, had a darkened Orange t-shirt, the same color jeans, sneakers, and her hair was still a half tangle. It had also taken off bands that brought, the strange thing was that it is healed in a short time, but decided to ignore that fact. Tim looked at Alice with a smile, but she was rather uncomfortable... —What about Alice? —asked Tim —Is that... my hair... I need a comb and a rubber hair, bothers me a bit as well because it is... very... afro? —Come with me She followed Tim to his room, he went directly to his closet to find something, after a while, took out a comb and passed it, like a comb of orange, went to the bathroom and it was there combing your hair wet for a while. Tim was looking forward to the tenant in the room where she stayed, then: —I finished He turned with a small smile to look at it and... it was as if he had seen a ghost, she was very similar to his wife Fran, just a very young version of it, Alice looked at him somewhat confused but also tenderly —Mr Lockwood... is everything OK? —Yes... I'm fine, don't worry... just... you remember much to Fran... She smiled, and a voice was heard from afar... — Dad! Are you here? —said a voice Then appeared a tall young, blue eyes, brown hair, lab coat, light blue shirt of \"science is awesome,\" big nose, Brown jeans and shiny transparent shoes —I finally found... you? He was frightened and surprised when he saw the girl wakes up, but what most struck hi, was that the fact that she was awfully familiar, not only that, was identical to his mother... nervously he raised a hand waving, she did the same, although he managed to get a smile. Had a heavy silence inside the room, and Flint's dad decided to break that silence asking to his son: —What's wrong, son? —Eh? Oh... Yes... I... just wanted to know if you were at home, nothing more —said nervous —Only stayed to care for Alice —told Flint raised an eyebrow, but quickly fell it when he realized that that was the name of the girl, Tim stopped and went to leave two of them to start a conversation. When he left, were only the two within another heavy silence. Both sat on the bed and looked fixedly. A while later... —Y'know —began her —I don't know why but I think that I had seen you somewhere —Yes... it's strange but you also are so familiar... —How strange... —she said with a smile —I mean, it is ironic that both us seem familiar don't you think? —Yes, it is true. I am Flint Lockwood by the way—he said shaking his hand —Alicia Galiano —she said grabbing his —tell me Alice which is the same A strange feeling swept over the body of both, it was very strange, so that both them it was goose bumps —That was weird —said Flint —I agree... your name... —What's wrong with my name? —I have the slightest idea of why your name is echoed in the back of my mind... but the only difference is that it sounds like Flint Loco... I feel that I've seen you somewhere but I I feel that I've seen you somewhere but I don't know where... -This is really strange, and the strange thing is that your name also sounds familiar from somewhere... but I guess it doesn't matter, how many years do you have? —10 years, on February 26 was my birthday —Oh, I am 16 years old, my birthday is July 11 —In this case not much remains to... a month and three weeks approximately —That is —to Flint came up with an idea —Hey... no, better forget it... You may think I'm a weirdo... —Tell me, whatever it is you gonna say —Well... Let me know if you do not want to know... my lab The girl jumped for joy and lit up her eyes when she heard the word \"laboratory\", then she said excited: —Oh God! You have an own lab! I thought that it was the only one in the entire universe that had one private! —You also... you have an... Lab? —asked Flint surprised and excited —Yep, and I will give you details if you show me yours Flint felt happy about that, then stood and asked Alice to follow him to the courtyard behind. There was a strange building, and she looked almost puzzled, is desnuca your head to the side when he showed him the entrance to your laboratory... —This is the entrance to the laboratory —Oh... come on then... Both entered, was somewhat uncomfortable when Flint closed the door... the elevator went up with force, causing both is beat... —AH! EH! I! O! UF - ended when both touched the floor When they stopped, Flint and she opened the door with all his strength and went crawling with nails across the floor by that unexpected ride —Oh my God... How do that... can upload as well? —I have no idea... I will review it... then... uf... plus... This is... the first time that my elevator makes it —Ok... wow... seriously? I want to do it again —Yes... wait, what? —Nothing... Both stopped and she was surprised by the beautiful purple hall, there was a door at the end, but really it was a curtain, she is surprised with the laboratory of her new friend, but for her Flint was still a kind of rookie. —Well, I think that you spend a lot of time only —I don't... it's not true —he said, but I knew it was true —Flint... I'm your friend, tell me the truth... trust me —ended it by lifting her thumb Flint felt defeated and sad to have to tell the truth to his little new friend, sighing deeply, and with discouragement said: —Is true... always was just... all see me as a complete stranger... for the simple fact that other things I like... as invent... so I was always alone... and I was always the local pariah and mocked in the city... Alice was quiet for a long time, while to Flint a tear fell him by his face, then she broke the silence and said: —You know... is your lucky day, because today you got a new friend —You say it seriously? —asked surprised Flint She nodded, and in a fit of happiness he ran and hugged his friend, measuring only half his height measured. The girl was surprised by that, but felt cheerful... and something went on into the heart of both... they felt weird, but liked them both. —How is your lab? —asked the inventor —Cool, unlike yours, mine is 30 metres below ground. You're a rookie with the theme of your laboratory, mine has holographic keyboard and screen. Other access panels to perform different actions, among others. In addition to that entry is a special alignment of titanium, and door have a fingerprint with security code scanner so that nobody can come. If someone found it... Flint was impressed, much. He did not believe that someone with 5½ years younger than he had much more technology that a super lab as the Government also knew that his intelligence was the same or more than yours. He was simply surprised, both sat in the bed of the inventor... —And if you want I can give you a flat for your computer screen. Ah, I unlike what you do, I don't usually make inventions, although I have a few ideas but I do not usually carry them out due to lack of time, so it's not exactly a laboratory, just a place where I can be really quiet... —What do you mean? —Share the same life... I have friends of my age and all that but I have... never been honest with them, I'll never tell you anything that was very intimate... so it is as if it were actually I have no friends at all... —he sighed, and continued —also... always I'm the object of derision from my colleagues, simply because I don't share the same taste to them... so I prefer to be alone to support their teasing... understand what you've suffered in your life... A silence settled between them, Flint saw that she assaulted it more than him have done... Alice was crestfallen and close to mourn... and for comfort it put you a hand on his back, then she hugged the little girl... more calmed... —Thanks Flint... —Do not have what... —Flint... I know you want to ask me what happened and how it was that I ended up here... but it would make me well that not you ask it I... really don't want to talk about that... —Okay I guess... and hey... Since you're new here on the island, not like that you stroll along here? You know... to familiarize yourself even if it is just a little —Would you do that for me? —Clear, what are frie... —he paused, smiling continued —what are friends afterall... —I see that you've long waited to say that —told her, and embraced it —thanks Flint... It felt strange, was a feeling he had not felt for years, and a feeling that no one showed it for already many years... thanks... Flint returned the hug, then a few seconds is released, and to continue looking for a topic of conversation, began spoke of things, completely random things, including their favorite things and others, Steve was sleeping at least, knowing him, he don't gonna wake up until the next day. For when finished talking, they were already around 09:34 p.m. —Wow, how quickly time goes on when you're is speaking of something —said Flint —So... you know, I better go to sleep, so I have energy for tomorrow, you should do the same, not to be tired tomorrow Flint nodded, she said goodbye and fell by the elevator, while Flint was preparing his bed to go to sleep. Alice prepared the bed, lay and his gaze was lost at the ceiling thinking, while Flint was sitting on the window sill, looking at the stars and thinking, ironically they thought the same thing: why they felt they already knew.[Chapter 3] The next day, the two were preparing to leave, Flint used his typical lab coat, a yellow shirt, and a pair of blue jeans, also took care to give something to Steve, and had something to entertain and not be causing disasters there. Alice was there lifting her hair with a rubber band that had been found there... looked at the wardrobe mirror and saw her sword... not know whether to take it with her or not, but ultimately it was decided that she should leave it, like would in any other times. Flint was next to the entrance and was prepared to go quietly. Flint began to tell about the island, its name is Swallow Falls, once were famous for sardines until the sardine factory Baby Brent closed for two reasons: the first was because the world all felt that the sardines were super nasty, and the second because they considered the warehouse really dangerous, and even more after the fire. By bad luck, they had to pay the price at the end, eating all the sardines; that nobody else wanted, rugged, boiled, fried, in sweets, dry and squeezed. —Here life went gray, and tasteless. We wouldn't be in this state if we had the resources to order food to the United States as before, now the mayor is in the United States doing not what, I can tell you it is a selfish jerk who only thinks about the same... but a day I will achieve, I will fight with defeat, and find hope. My biggest goal is to make something that really works, so that the world will know my name, so everyone here will respect me and treat me well, and become the best scientist of the century, reaching the top, maybe even join some techno-scientific enterprise as Nano Tech Labs, or create one of my own reach. I want someone in particular to be proud of me, wherever she is, I want you to know that someone can usually get to do great things no matter what. Flint smiled proudly, as a response, she also did the same. All the way they were talking about all sorts of things in the scientific, technological and medical field, but neither could tell the whole world looked askance, maybe they noticed, but didn't care at all, just they were so engrossed in their conversation that made the world was just the two of them and no one else, until... —Flint Lockwood! That wake-up call that made the duo back to reality, but Flint really disliked much know who it was ... —Oh God no... —What do you mean with \"oh God no\"? —Flint Lockwood! Then a tall, bearded, African American, wearing police clothes, except for the pants that were sporting shorts appeared, and waist muscles were up... —E-Earl... What's wrong? —he said with a nervous smile —You know what you Flint Lockwood? A sheganeganizer , a tom-fool, and I hope you're not back with one of your crazy science doodibopper thingies! —What? No! And I just~ I was giving a tour to Alice, she's new and... I offered to give her a little tour around. —Who is Alice? Alice, who was on the side of both, got truly angry when Earl asked to the young inventor who she was, at response to his —kinda stupid question— she said angrily: —Hello! What am I, invisible woman or are you blind!? —Huh? And who are you? —The Phantom of the Opera... Flint already told you —So... you are \"Alice\"? —No... I'm your mo... DEFINITELY! —She shouted jumping with a vein on her neck —AND WHO YOU THINK I AM!? I WAS STANDING FOR A FEW SECONDS ON A SIDE OF YOURS AND YOU DIDN'T NOTTICED ME LIKE A DOG! Are you f*cking kidding me? Earl felt really disgusted with the rude attitude of the girl, though he knew he deserved, ignoring this factor said to Alice: —I gonna tell you something girl, it's much better if you stay away from him, it's really weird and very bad influence —Pff... who is a bad influence? You or me? —But what are shameless girl; trust me, stay away from him. He is a weirdo —And? —It's very strange —And? —It's bad influence —And? —You should not be with him —And do you really think I do care that fact? —She insisted —Not meaning to offense you but I truly prefer that my friends were quirky and fun than regular and bitter like some person who is in front of me or the rest of the people in this town. I do notice the bitter looks on everyone's face towards him wich is really dissapointing. Be sure that I truly care about him and nothing's gonna change my mind. Earl didn't know how to respond at that argument, remaining semi-speechless as he turned, looking a bit confused about the behaviour of someone so young, Alice, Flint and Earl moved away from where they were, the pair in the opposite direction of the police officer, the pair went walking and thinking about what just happened. —Thank you Alice, I think you owe you one. —You don't need to... Overall, I hate the people who behave that way, just... everybody's fool... the most part of the people can't see beyond the appereances... —she said, her voice trailed off with the last sentence Flint didn't respond, by her voice, he knew she always felt and lived something worse than he could live in his life... but what? Both were walking for a while , until both went through Flint's father bait shop, the girl spoke to him: —Let's see your dad, Flint —I don't know Alice —Please —she asked with a puppy face Both were well for a few moments, until Flint agreed, she celebrated with a small jump, as they entered the store baits, rods and all the other things invaded the mind of Alice, who was standing like a fool for several seconds until... —Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek ! Both father and son raised an eyebrow and returned to ask the young girl: —Alice, are you okay ? —Yes ... just thinking about how bad I can be miserable to fish some fish... and the inverted logic that always applies to me... —In other words, have you ever caught anything? —Tim asked, she shook her head —In that case, you could help her, Flint —WHAT? And I don't know how to fishing —Flint is clear that no one has told you, you're a terrible liar —said Alice —God what it costs? How much do I have to pay you to do it? —No... and nothing. —Come on skipper —said Tim —, if always you and mom were fishing, you also loved to fishing, more than invent at the time, and just because she was with you. —NO, I haven't done for a long time, also don't remember how to fishing —what a terrible lie, he was fishing when he met Alice —Good, I remember how —she replied again Flint felt awfully annoyed by that, Tim looked at him directly to the eyes, then things got weird. Flint looked at his dad, and he began to raise their eyebrows to convince Flint to help Alice. A while later ... —Okay. I'll do this once —HALLELUJAH! —Alice cried triumphantly raising her arms in the air The young inventor rolled his eyes and sighed heavily, Tim grabbed her and let her choose a fishing pole, there were several types, would have to choose the best to see it, then she saw a display with a fishing orange fishing, very nice by the way, at one side was a photo of Fran, holding the stalk, with a huge fish in it... —That picture was taken 5 years before that Flint was born, I was very young , hovered near twenty to twenty-one years, there was a small fishing contest this time , they brought some species from other countries and put into a lake that is more east of the city, that day I went to compete for fun and nothing else . A few hours later, the competition was over, and there I met Fran... — You were very lucky — said Tim — I think so , I'm Frances Leicester, but everyone calls me Fran — Timothy Lockwood, but usually everyone calls me Tim — said, he felt a little nervous talking to her, she was very pretty — you're so cute — he said quickly — Huh...? Thanks... I think... Someone had called away , should go home ... — Sorry, I gotta go ... bye Tim, see you another time Good-bye ... As they were passing day, he became a good friend of Fran, they always walked, talked, she always had enough confidence to told her problems to Tim, and he was always there to support her, the days were turning into weeks and weeks in months , until he finally had the courage to ask her hand in marriage ... it was a very nice party , small but nice... and a few months later they had their first and only child ... the years passed and remained a family, he and Flint always had a tense relationship, with Fran which kept the communication between them, but that changed the day she died ... between father and son had a thick psychological barrier , and she was the only one who could pass that barrier and talk to both ... and things were completely different after all ... Alice attended every thing Tim told her about Flint's mom, she alone understood the strained relationship post mortem between them, and the lack of communication between them became hinder further attempts to both Tim and Flint trying to talk like any father with his son then he said...: —You know... you remind me a lot of my wife in many ways... being honest, I can be fluent with you without using my metaphors fishing, and I know that I can trust you... and I know Flint also realized that... and so I want to give this... He opened the case and gave her the rod of his wife, Alice was totally surprised, it caugh her just completely off guard, but he did comment that man ... Surprised opened his hands and he gently placed the cane on her hands... —I... I cannot... —Don't worry... I'm sure she'd may lend you... She smiled, and went to the front of the store, before leaving, Alice asked again: —Mr. Lockwood, how old were you when you said Flint born? —Twenty-five why ? She began to calculate the age of the other more Flint, surprised by how young he was still the father of Flint, as the saying goes: \"Smoke and Mirrors\", he looked confused at the girl, and asked: —What happens? Are you surprised because I am 43? I'm still young, well, not so much. She just nodded, smiled and left Tim, Flint was somewhat impatient, both had taken a while to choose, when he saw rejoiced and said : —Finally, and it took a while ... —he saw Alice trying to process something —are you okay? —She shook her head —what happens? —I have to process something little... nothing more... —I told her my age —said Tim —, and still don't believe me... Flint only gave a small grin, his father handed him a blue fishing rod, Alice felt a strange tension between father and son at the time, when Flint put his hand on the pole and led him away, the tension disappeared as usual, she realized that maybe she could help them in their parent-child relationship. They left and went to the docks, was a beautiful morning outdoors, sat behind a wall of the huge sardine factory , Flint first launched its hook, while Alice gave several twists in the air and shot in the air, reaching a little farther than Flint's hook, she took a deep breath, and began to look to the air, humming something... the young man looked at the girl, being so far from home... didn't bother her at all... —Alice... Don't you mind being far away from home? —Asked Flint —What do you mean? —She said —If you do not mind being away from home... your family, friends... —No... —that word felt bittersweet —No? Why? —Asked again, she sighed —It's just what we do for love Flint... and I'm sure you'll understand that when the time comes... —What does that exactly means Al? —He asked She just looked at her friend with a patient smile, looking at the sky and breathing deep again, Flint knew he wouldn't understand... the first few minutes after she started singing softly... I walked across an empty land I knew the pathway like the back of my hand I felt the earth beneath my feet Sat by the river and it made me complete Oh simple thing, where have you gone? I´m getting old and I need something to rely on so tell me when you´re gonna let me in I´m getting tired and I need somewhere to begin I came across a fallen tree I felt the branches of it looking at me Is this the place we used to love? Is this the place that I´ve dreaming of? Oh simple thing, where have you gone? I´m getting old and I need something to rely on So tell me when you´re gonna let me in I´m getting tired and I need somewhere to begin And if you have a minute why don´t we go Talk about it Somewhere Only We Know? This could be the end of everything so why don´t we go, somewhere only we Know Somewhere Only We Know Oh simple thing, where have you gone? I´m getting old and I need something to rely on So tell me when you´re gonna let me in I´m getting tired and I need somewhere to begin Ah,ah,ah Oh,oh,oh This could be the end of everything So why don´t we go Somewhere Only We Know Somewhere Only We Know... Flint thought how sweet it was the voice of his friend, he really liked the sweet way she sang, the lyrics made him remember good and bad times of his life, and a hint of curiosity appeared and asked Alice: —What are you singing? —Somewhere only we know... it's a song of a British band called Keane —It's a very nice song though... —Yes... I know... Alice's fishing rod began to flex, like Flint, then, beginning to draw the line before it ran out of nothing, took many sardines, were two birds with one stone... or so. —It seems that we have lunch and dinner, but this time I cook Dad cooks badly , right? —Cooks wrong? I did not realize because I was feeling really hungry and really liked his food. —Do you like sardines ? —I do not care as long as it's food or edible. Both stood up and went to take the booty to the house when they arrived , they heard the screams of Tim , and then exclaimed : —FLINT! —Oh Godness... He quickly entered and found a beautiful mess in the living room, Tim was chasing a vervet monkey, who never stopped repeating the word \"Steeeeeve\" Flint sighed and asked Alice to help him to catch the monkey she just... accepted. About 10 or 20 minutes later, they finally caught the monkey... —Sad. —said Steve —Finally... catch... the... monkey.. —said Alice exhausted —Now I realize, is that a monkey thought translator ? —Yes —said Flint —You know... —Alice said —now that I think if you sell it to a good company for mass production, there will be charity for dumb people, and have one more way to express separate sign language because... —According to scientific research, monkeys have 98% human DNA and 2% animal, so just make us perfect relatives of monkeys —continued Flint —Demonstrating and thus strengthening the theory of evolution of Charles Darwin! —ended both Tim was lost in the explanation of both, with Steve on his shoulder , staring in confusion definitely Flint had found someone to talk to... After making lunch, she went to the laboratory along with Flint and Steve, still chatting about nothing science, the young thought she would graduate fast from school and college, so being smart for her age she is, and to the surprise of the young inventor. After the afternoon, she got to the house, prepared some clothes and took a bath, she didn't realize at the moment that something was missing... Flint went to see if he needed nothing, however, he heard she singing again... Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And everything you do, Yeah, they were all yellow. I came along, I wrote a song for you, And all the things you do, And it was called \"Yellow.\" So then I took my turn, Oh what a thing to have done, And it was all \"Yellow.\" Your skin Oh yeah, your skin and bones, Turn into something beautiful, You know, you know I love you so, You know I love you so. I swam across, I jumped across for you, Oh what a thing to do. Cos you were all \"Yellow,\" I drew a line, I drew a line for you, Oh what a thing to do, And it was all \"Yellow.\" Your skin, Oh yeah your skin and bones, Turn into something beautiful, And you know for you, I'd bleed myself dry for you, I'd bleed myself dry. It's true, look how they shine for you, Look how they shine for you, Look how they shine for, Look how they shine for you, Look how they shine for you, Look how they shine. Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And all the things that you do. The young man was listening how she sang... she started singing another song...: Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry I don't know how lovely you are I had to find you Tell you I need you Tell you I set you apart Tell me your secrets And ask me your questions Oh let's go back to the start Running in circles Coming up tails Heads on a science apart Nobody said it was easy It's such a shame for us to part Nobody said it was easy No one ever said it would be this hard Oh take me back to the start I was just guessing At numbers and figures Pulling your puzzles apart Questions of science Science and progress Do not speak as loud as my heart Tell me you love me Come back and haunt me Oh and I rush to the start Running in circles Chasing our tails Coming back as we are Nobody said it was easy Oh it's such a shame for us to part Nobody said it was easy No one ever said it would be so hard I'm going back to the start Ohhhh,uhhhh uhhhh uhhhhh Ahhhh,uhhhh uhhhh uhhhhh Ohhhh,uhhhh uhhhh uhhhhh... This time, the song did him cry a little, she began to sing again ...: I used to rule the world Seas would rise when I gave the word Now in the morning I sweep alone Sweep the streets I used to own I used to roll the dice Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes Listen as the crowd would sing: \"Now the old king is dead! Long live the king!\" One minute I held the key Next the walls were closed on me And I discovered that my castles stand Upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand I hear Jerusalem bells a ringing Roman Cavalry choirs are singing Be my mirror my sword and shield My missionaries in a foreign field For some reason I can't explain Once you go there was never, never an honest word That was when I ruled the world (Ohhh) It was the wicked and wild wind Blew down the doors to let me in Shattered windows and the sound of drums People couldn't believe what I'd become Revolutionaries wait For my head on a silver plate Just a puppet on a lonely string Oh who would ever want to be king? I hear Jerusalem bells a ringing Roman Cavalry choirs are singing Be my mirror my sword and shield My missionaries in a foreign field For some reason I can't explain I know Saint Peter will call my name Never an honest word But that was when I ruled the world (Ohhhhh Ohhh Ohhh) I hear Jerusalem bells a ringing Roman Cavalry choirs are singing Be my mirror my sword and shield My missionaries in a foreign field For some reason I can't explain I know Saint Peter will call my name Never an honest word But that was when I ruled the world Oooooh Oooooh Oooooh This time, there was excitement with the song, then, he heard the closing tap, meant she had finished, and then: — ¡No! —she cried — Me lleva todo! ¡Me olvidé de la estúpida toalla de nuevo! Of course he didn't understand what she shouted, only knew there was something wrong. —Alice, are you okay ? She was very nervous, pretending it was well said that everything was in order, Flint went to the room of the girl and handed her towel , putting it on the doorknob of the bathroom, knocked on the door and quickly left. The girl was nervous to hear a knock at the door, opening the door very slowly , she was alone , and his towel hanging on the knob, quickly took it and went to her room at the speed of sound, was changed, and came out pretending that nothing had happened. After having prepared dinner, just locked herself in her room and pulled her bed to rest, falling asleep within minutes. Flint was on the roof of the lab, thinking about... stuff... —Oh mom... I wish you were here... you cannot imagine how wonderful and smart is Alice... and how she reminds me all about you... she defends me against the others... and sees me as a friend... something that almost no one did before... but there's something she don't want me to know... and I'm feeling totally worried about what can it be... A small tear fell Flint's face, looking at the sky, he saw a shooting star pass, he had a wish: Alice completely trust... A/N: Sorry for the wait, isn't easy write the fanfic in spanish, translate it, and and check if there are no spelling errors... uff... Double chapter... this fic gonna be long and short, in the same time... See ya later[Chapter 4] The next day, Alice woke up almost at noon, first brushed her teeth, combed her hair, and went to the room, she didn't saw Flint anywhere, then she heard screams from the laboratory... —Steeeeeeeeeeeeeeve! —Steve! She knew she should had to help the young inventor to catch the mischievous monkey, instead of going to the elevator to see what was going on there, slowly began to walk to the front door and ran away as far as she could to avoid having to pursue Steve... and then as nothing happened before, she beginning to whistle. Meanwhile, across town, two children, a low child, afro-american with a black leather jacket, and a very pretty girl, brown hair and hazel eyes, were chatting about... things. —So, are ya' gonna do it? —she asked to the boy —If you're not, you're a chicken —I'm not a chicken, Cassie —So... Will you do the stupid cinnamon challenge, Calvin? —Asked Cassie —I'll do the stupid cinnamon challenge this same moment, and if I win, you'll owe me $10 They closed the deal, Cassie got from only-God-knows-where a bottle of cinnamon and a spoon, she put a lot of cinnamon on the spoon and handed it to Cal, and he ate it, seconds after he had a little spat and ran in search of water, she followed him while she couldn't stop laughing as hard as she could. A few minutes later she found him drinking water from a tap uncontrollably , while a grin spread across her after he was done, he began to pant with exhaustion for drink so much water... —I want my 10 dollars —said Cassie —I've done the stupid cinnamon challenge, you owe me 10 dollars —said Cal They began to argue among themselves, trying to pay another $ 10, but after a while, decided to leave it , when Cal turned, a girl of 10 years old, brown hair, red shirt, black pants and dark shoes spinning appeared in a corner, he felt a little crush on his heart... —Cal ... Cal ...Cal! —Cassie screamed —are you okay? Instead of saying something, he started walking towards Alice, completely dazed, Cassie put a hand in her face, giving a heavy sigh, and was with her friend. Alice noticed how it was different to when she was with Flint, everyone looked at askance last day while were chatting, this time no one noticed she was there... as she was another ghost in the town... — Hello —said someone She turned and saw no one, lowered her eyes and saw Calvin, gesturing a \"hello\", she started to leave and then he said again —I'm Calvin Devereaux, but call me Cal —I'm Alicia, but tell me Alice —It's a cute name —Ok...? I guess... — Cal! —Said someone angry There was Cassie, she was somewhat angry with Cal for the simple fact that he left her talking to herself, a little surprised to see Alice, were basically the same height, and then said: —Hello. Aren't you the girl who was yesterday with Flint Lockwood? —I'm Alice, and yes, I was with him. —I'm Cassie... And how is he ? —He is very nice guy, but a bad liar. Why? —Are you friends with Flint? —asked Cal— That guy is weird —Smoke and Mirrors, Calvin Klein —she said starting to smile —Anyways, why's the question...? Cassie, right? —Yes, and I'm very good at science and I stand next to someone like him to help me encourage me better, but unfortunately my parents have eyes everywhere and would know if I talked to Flint because according to them is ... —\"Bad Influence\" —continued Alice —Yes, if you already know, that idiot and blind cop has told me that yesterday... —You mean Earl? —Said Cassie —The same ... —Have you met daddy? —asked Cal —Earl Devereaux's my dad A nervous tic jumped in the eye of the girl, remembering how he treated to Flint how blind he seemed to be to haven't realized that she was standing next to the young inventor, sighing deeply and putting a hand on her face, she told Cal : —Send a message from me to your dad from me, and said... —she began to whisper in the ear of the child, did not seem surprised —Got it? —Don't worry , I'll pass the message —Thank you ... —Alice —said Cal... —Can you play soccer or any sport? —Yes, I usually always break my little toe kicking the ball barefoot or with slippers... (Oh... sweet and horrible pain ) —she thought she imagined the pain , making her shiver a little —Uy... Cal challenged her to a game of street soccer, she accepted and went behind the school, there was a group of children playing a game of soccer, when they saw Cal , got a break and went to greet him. —Hi Cal, wasn't she the one who was with Flint Lockwood yesterday? —asked a child —Yes, she is Allan, who needs someone else on your team? Everyone looked, nobody didn't want a girl on their team, the captains of both teams made a \"rock, paper, scissors\" game to see who would stay with her, the captain of one team was Allan, and he touched him stay Alice , leaving her as the door, and to the surprise of all was very good blocking. Then they turn had come back to their homes for lunch, Cal and Alice invited to share lunch Cassie: Chowder ... Earl almost went crazy seeing Flint Lockwood's weird little friend at home, she only watched, saying \"idiot\" with her look, to everyone's surprise , and more for Regina and Earl , Alice had enjoyed the meal and still hungry , opened a can of sardines and ate them raw, just 2 seconds in her mouth and only had bones. After 3 cans of sardines, she was filled, surprising everyone why ... —Alice... Do you like sardines? —Cal asked —I don't care as long as it's food . Also, don't know why I keep saying that they taste well, being that I know that sardines are \"disgusting\", but less disgusting that cinnamon... and less stupid than the stupid cinnamon challenge Cassie and Cal had a brilliant idea and stupid at the same time, looking conspiratorially, she said: —Alice, I challenge you —What's the challenge? She put the jar of cinnamon on the table, along with a spoon , smiling continued: —The cinnamon challenge —No way! I hate cinnamon! Further, the challenge is completely stupid —You're a hen Galice —Cal said Earl could't hold a laugh, Alice nerve was red , then exploded saying —I'm not a chicken! You're gonna see who rocks here! Give me that damn bucket right now! She grabbed the spoon and began to pour the cinnamon with the face like that of a mad laughing randomly, the amount shet got was a bit of too much, and ate it, the mad girl first made a face of victory, and then started coughing , spitting clouds of cinnamon, quickly went to the kitchen and began to drink the water of the knob , while Cal and Cassie could not stop laughing when she finished, was still coughing for cinnamon, and said: —Do you see it? Really easy —coughed —Ok , see you then, I'll return , Flint must be worried about me ... All took leave of her, who was still coughing , then Cal recalled : —Oh dad, Alice had asked me to tell you something ... —What? —Asked Earl Cal cleared his throat and took some air... this what Alice had told Cal to tell Earl ... : A: — Earl ! You're a fricking idiot to NOT have seen me on the side of Flint! And bad influence your grandmother because I have more bad influences under a rock you saying stupid things ! So go yell who is a bad influence to your grandmother ! Earl just sighed deeply and put a hand over his face, Regina started to say something but he raised his hand and stopped, took another deep breath and went to his room. She was still angry at the previous day ... Flint was concerned by his little friend, she was gone and he didn't know because of Steve , who was locked in the lab, the monkey had found a mysterious package of gummy bears , excited, one gummy bear ate and all the laboratory in a blink became a disaster ... Alice burst through the front door, quiet as if nothing ... —Where were you? —He asked worried —In the house next door —At Earl's? —His son invited me to lunch for a while... and I braved the cinnamon challenge... —she still had the spicy flavor of cinnamon on her tongue, and let out a loud belch flavored watery —Forgiveness, cinnamon, I think it was too much water and cinnamon —Where did they get the cinnamon? —Dunno Flint just nodded, both went to the lab and someone called her: —Alice! —Hi Cassie, and also you, Cal —Hey Alice, later we'll have a friendly game of soccer, the boys just called me and asked if you wanted to play with us. —I agree. —Alice —said Cassie —yet still hate cinnamon? She motioned full displeasure , Cassie just started laughing , she rolled her eyes and said goodbye , while Flint asked him what he was doing while he was trying to catch Steve , responding that was a long story , heard a disaster coming lab ... again —Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo! —said both They had to get him back... N/A: The next chapter is more interesting...[Chapter 5] The third day, Flint and Alice came out together, she was going with her sports shoes, a white shirt and blue jeans, had two bangs to the side of her face and her ponytail hanging as usual, while Flint with his typical set, and for the third consecutive time, the girl decided to leave again that sword... what she thought was only should simply let her sword to not draw attention. The young inventor was waiting for her at the door, after looking at a few seconds and outline a smile, they left... Both walked the docks, the girl loved the sea, it was very quiet for her to see how quiet that was the ocean, and what was most pleasing him was the salty smell of the ocean, which rarely smelled, since she don't live to open sea. Flint looked at her, she radiated an aura of tranquility, happiness and conformity, followed by a feeling of comfort, to be with her, it was strange how it understood, and both continued to understand that feeling that both met somewhere... with curiosity to know what was thinking about her friend, he asked: —Alice... What are you thinking about? —Not much... just enjoying three things... —What things? —The salt air, the sea, and you —Me? —Asked confused —why me? —You are truly different from people I've known before... all of them are... very... different... but you know... well not sure if I'm explaining myself... The young man smiled, nobody had been so kind to him in years, felt how he was nearly crying a little by his emotion, but swallowed those tears, and said: —And you are also very different people I've known before... and the truth... is that actually you remind me much to my mom... don't you imagine the sweet and good person she once was... and if she was still alive I belive she wouldn't hesitate three second in making you part of our little family... (If that still exists with the relationship I have with dad...) The small and quiet conversation was interrupted when someone said to Flint: — Hello nerd, who is your little girlfriend? —ended someone with an annoying laugh He stopped walking, turning around to see who was mocking, Alice's face changed to a deadpanned expression, but hidding some fire in her brown coffee eyes... —The only one who didn't want to see... —whispered Flint —what do you want Brent? —The baby wants to cry —said Brent —Who is this idiot, Flint? —asked Alice with annoyance —\"Baby\" Brent McHale... He was the bully of my school... and so far fails to be bothering me... but don't make him case, he's a big fat clod. —explained discouraged Brent was a young man, tall, fat, wore blue sportswear, shoes of the same color, blonde hair, gray eyes, along with a mocking smile. Both are turned and started walking again, then Brent continued: —The weeping child wants to go home with his father There was laughter from the people who were around, Alice felt badly for Flint, the heart of the young was sinking with every insult that was thrown toward Flint, feeling the same that young was at her school... the inventor was on the verge of tears, but it is enduring, and Alice admired the ability of the young to bear it... she took his hand trying to say \"You're not alone\" recieving a broken smile from him, but one of the insults from Brent made her explode: —Just admit it fool; you think you're a genius, but you're a loser and an idiot, you will never be as big as I am. Why don't you decide and let us live in peace? The world is better without you. A vein broke out within the head of the girl, she squeezed her free fist vigorously, as well as her teeth, her eyes were on fire, her shoulders contracted in anger, and in a barrage of anger she looked back in anger and shouted: —Why don't you shut up damn idiot! Nobody in your damn life of spoiled child told you that you shouldn't belittle someone? Get out and leave us in peace! The huge cry surprised both Flint as Brent, everyone kept quiet to have heard that... she asked to leave before getting angrier than that, he acepted, but angry yet, Brent asked: —And you do who you think you are to talk to me like that you little brat? —That's none of your stupid business... get out and leave us in peace... —she threatening said —Why you defend an idiot like him? —Because this idiot, as you say, is my best friend... and I am warning you now, if you don't dissappear from my view now... —she said watching with anger —I swear I'm won't hesitate to kill you... Brent saw something strange coming from the young, something out of the ordinary, Flint was frightened to hear what she said, she was shaking from wrath, the young inventor did what he could to try to calm his friend, but she just couldn't stand it. Alice was still trying to contain her anger, Brent felt fear, but he said to himself that it should be a simple girl, and with a smile, made the biggest mistake of his life: piss her more... —I want you to try to hit me, silly little brat. Oh, look how afraid I am from you —mocked, everyone laughed She felt another vein explode inside her head; more furious than before, she didn't shout, she just smiled a bit and started to laugh, the laugh became a big, sinester smile, and her gaze was wishing his death... —Oh my... I haven't laugh like this in days —exclaimed, Flint started to sweat, now this was another side of her —. You really made my day you big jerk... but I have a bad news for you... —her gaze frowned giving a dark look — You already wasted my patience... Before the big fat guy could say something, he felt a strong punch on his face, making him fly a few meters, stunning it a few seconds, turned to stand and began to massage his face, he felt a flavor in the mouth... — Is it blood? —thought Brent Alice was facing him, very angry, with a big angry psycho smile, she stopped and looked angry, but that faded to feel a blow up his jaw and another in his stomach, hit was as intense as magnificent, which made it drifting several meters at high speed, a wall was what stopped his drift... this time, he was absolutely scared, a hand appeared in his neckby firmly pressing... Alice was looking at him in the eyes, fear was the only thing the young blond felt... —This is nothing compared to all the other victims I've ever had... and if you go back to tell me that... or if you come back to bother him in my face... —said, moving closer to her ear she whispered —: I'll hunt you down and kill you... Brent was much frightened to hear that... greatly opened his eyes, and she was right in what he said... Alice released him and was walking along with Flint, who was very scared by the superhuman strength of the girl, he did not understand what just happened... just... didn't know it... his mind was racing so fast at the point he just didn't know how to react... What was she? Was she even a human being? An alien? An android? He didn't know... he was too afraid to find it out, the people there looked at her with fear in their eyes, and some of them stepped back out of her way... —Go to the laboratory —said, trying to cover the fear in his voice She agreed, yet nervous, everyone looked at the young man with great fear, Brent had retired to his home to treat wounds Alice gave him, and pass to the hospital to see if there was any damage in his internal organs. When they arrived at the laboratory, Flint was still trying to process what happened minutes ago, that feeling of happiness towards Alice, was replaced by fear, nervous asked the girl: —Why did you? —Did what? —asked confused —Why did you hurt him? You had no right! —But he also hadn't the right to talk to you that way... —But you're crazy! You shouldn't have done that! Now everyone's going to be afraid of me and just for being with you! —Flint... I just...—she tried to say —Just what? —I just wanted to help... —she told him in a low voice, and with the head facing the floor —You wanted... to help...? You wanted to help? —Said sarcastically, and without knowing what he said—: If you wanted to help in anything would have been better if you hadn't hit him! You don't know what it's like to be the center of teasing, or know what it's like to lose to the only person who was worth! When he realized what he said felt terribly guilty that how much he hurted the girl's feelings, a few tears fell from her angry and sad look said: —I don't... know... what you feel...? I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU FEEL?! I know what it's like to be the center of the half planet taunts! I know what it feels like to be treated like a dog and it doesn't matter what you feel! I know what it feels like to lose the person you loved with your life, for more than that you hardly remember it! I lost my grandfather when I was 4 years old, and he was everything I had at the time! I know what it feels like all that and even more! YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I'VE BEEN THROUGH IN MY LIFE! AND YOU'LL NEVER KNOW THAT! Flint has not had measured his words before... everything was product of the fear he felt when he saw his friend struggling that hard, forgetting that it was only product of anger... —Alice... She didn't stay to hear, just opened the window and fell by brackets, Steve appeared out of nowhere and went up to the shoulder of Flint, who fell by the elevator. Alice was in the main room, going direct to the door, Steve lowered shoulder of Flint and went up on the young, she only looked at the monkey, who was sad for the girl, she grabbed head and gently put it on the floor, opened the door and it started walking yet sad and angry with Flint, he tried to put a hand on his shoulder, and before doing so, she ran straight to the forest. The young man had the eyes full of tears, thinking: \" Flint Lockwood, you're an idiot\" , the monkey he was also sad for the departure of Alice, and returned to the lab, to the surprise of Flint said: —Flint, idiot... He felt as such... and had lost his only friend... definitely he screwed up all.[Chapter 6] A/N: Super OC comes in 3... 2... 1... Flint was walking along the docks again, thinking about what he said to Alice, and feeling a completely idiot for what he said, very sad and not wanting to walk anymore, sat in a empty seat, sighing very heavily and listlessly nothing, let fly his mind around the idiocy that told him to Alice, then someone asked: —Can I sit with you? Flint looked at who it was, was an old man, like some 75 years, but still looked with an attitude of playfulness, and gray hair, many wrinkles by age... while he had never seen it, the young man made space and let that old man sit down beside him, feeling a little worried about the young, he asked: —What happens? —I was a complete idiot with my best friend... —Would you like to tell me? He felt that he should do so, and began to tell him about what happened with Brent and what he said to Alice, he was trying to hold back the tears, once ended, he felt a giant weight disappear, but his heart was still sinking... the old man asked: —Did you know about that? —Yes... I think I did —he said, time couldn't help but begin to cry —I knew it and attacked her with that... told her that she didn't understand it... went too far to said that... The old man started to rub Flint's back, making that this man is distressing, continued: —You know... the fear, sadness, despair, much of that can make us lose us and say things that we don't want our loved ones... but I know that she still loves you, and she'll forgive you... How did you say that your friend was called? —Alicia... —Alicia... that's a beautiful name... reminds me of my little granddaughter —said scratching his chin, saw Flint and reproached him —: what are you waiting for? Go get your friend Flint forgot that and rushed directly to the city to look for the young, but quickly returned to thank the old... —Ah yes... What is your... —Juan Galiano... —Strange, that is the last name of Alice —The world is small —he said as he stood and left —but it is more the universe... Flint was much surprised with the last part, have not understood what he meant with the: \"is more the universe\", giving average turned and decided to find Alice, departed, but a few seconds later there was a strong explosion in front of him, surprising him, people went to shelters very frightened by that, there was smoke and dust around the placeblinding and making you cough to Flint, a figure appeared there. —Well, well... what we have here —said a deep male voice There came a man of very dark jet black hair, skin complexion, yellow eyes with torn pupils, fang-like teeths, and a strange tail of Ppnther, he wore black trousers, combat gloves, and a leather vest, under this wore a blue t-shirt. Flint felt terrified by the strange subject, falling on his back, this came up: —I am looking for a girl... brown hair, brown coffee eyes... ten years... —was he looking for Alice? —A brown monkey tail... What? Monkey tail? —I don't know of who are you talking about... The stranger smiled and grabbed Flint's neck, beginning to hang it slowly, young struggled to free himself, but the man had a supernatural and superhuman strength, his smile was more strange to have such teeth... —Who are you...? —asked Flint barely breathing —Why are you here...? —My name is Maximus Panther, Max for acquaintances. Without hesitation 3 nanoseconds, threw Flint to the sky, a ball of energy appeared in his hand and threw it with all intention of murdering the young inventor, when he saw it, he is terrified, but quickly someone saved him from a fast death, that ball of energy exploded, blinding it a few seconds, when realized, was back on the ground, a girl with blonde hair, slightly standing, blue-eyed, and a monkey's tail, stood in front of him, was wearing a dark blue t-shirt, pants of the same color with a few stripes on the sides and a strange footwear, gloves of combat without fingers, along with a very familiar sword on her back, she had saved it... —Who are you? —It doesn't matter, get out to a safe place —said her haughty, her voice was familiar to the young —You really don't want to be here when the fight begins. Flint was turned around and left, the young man was watching that he had actually gone to a safe place, once she lost sight of it, fixed his gaze on his opponent and said: —Well Maxi, I was waiting you about 5 or 6 extra days, so I could rest awhile... —She said —As if I gonna let you rest! They were prepared to fight, which both had not given account, was having a viewer tucked away in an alley, Flint was determined to see the fight as close as he could... everything he already knew was having a completly twist of 365 degrees —I want to see how strong are both... —he said —Mankind may never be the same after this... The girl prepared, one arm front and the other was stretched behind her, in the style of Vegeta, while the other had both arms extended with open palms, Goku style, for the next second, fists of both collided, creating a huge shock wave, making powder all their around, and almost sending fly to the young, not have been grasped by the edge of the wall of the alley where he was... thinking about the amazing thing was... —Oh my God! —exclaimed Both were competing in a strong battle melee in the air, energy waves were seen exploding in the sky, she threw a kick, the other dodged it, launching a kick to the back of the girl, who dodged the blow back and placing in a blink back his seized it tail and threw it to the floorleaving a crater, while she was falling into a tailspin preparing a punch when you hit, caused power made the ground cracking and pieces of cement rose. The young woman left there from a jump, like the man, jumping to back about three times, being at the same distance from the crater, beginning to charge power. The man joined hands as a sphere of blue energy appeared in his hands, while the young woman made almost the same, only to put a hand on her wrist, both perhaps their next attack... —Ka... Me... Ha... Me... HA! —cried Max —Super Galick Gun —exclaimed the girl Both attacks collided and caused a more powerful shock wave before being tied, first moving a little on the young, then man, to end with a period average. Flint looked impressed the amount of power that both possessed, what less understood was how a girl could keep so much power to match to an adult that so catastrophic way... they couldn't maintain the attack for a long time, a vacuum occurred between them and the shock disposed, both moved swiftly upward, starting with a new combat... An hour later, the fight continued in the same way, hits here and there, half of the shattered city, and both bruised but still wanting to fight, it was so impressive how the enviroment reacted with such powerful energy, the sea was moving impatiently, waves colliding agains the land... no clouds were floating around... Flint remained out of his surprise... but things began to go wrong, young came out of his hiding place to better see both fighters, because wh lost them from view... they were fighting to a medium-low ground clearance, and at one point, the young woman passed over Flint, surprising her —Flint? —She said Max took advantage of the brief distraction and sent it flying toward the floor, crashing and bouncing on the tarmac to finish going through a wall, which ended up falling on it, being somewhat dazed at times. The man landed against Flint, who began to tremble a little fear, he wanted to run, but fear not allowed him. Max disappeared and reappeared in the sky, a huge ball of energy capable to powder the planet appeared on his finger, and he would be the first to die if he don't moved... — I'm going to die... —thought the young man The girl had recovered consciousness, when she saw the supernova, it was swiftly there, forcing her legs to get before it's too late. Max threw the supernova, just as Flint believed that all was lost, young appeared in the sky, increasing her energy, her hair bristled a bit more and a golden aura along with a blue bioelectricity was formed around you, quickly returned to boost her energy, and her hair became longer and bristling, electricity was amplified slightly more. The earth quaked and broke, every single particle of rock was raised at the sky by such an incredible power, the sea shaked and waves collided... first there was a shout, then extended her hands and saved the powerful attack thrown towards Earth, braking it with difficulty... Flint covered the eyes and supernova absorbed the young then it exploded, blowing Flint meters away from the place. Once the huge ball of light disappeared, and Flint was able to regain the vision, he saw that the girl was alive, but tired, her clothing was mostly burned, and was smoking something. She was slowly descending to the ground, holding her right arm and panting much, hit hard and tired by that, Flint was about to come, but she yelled very angry: —Idiot! I told you to go to a safe place because you wouldn't be here when it turn ugly! Go now! She felt that the forces were about to leave her, Flint didn't heed and stared at the girl, who began to elevate her energy back, making the appearance of the Golden aura, but then, the aura faded in a kind of explosion without any more damage, she simply stared at staring at a place... She fell on her knees and said before fade: —... Darn... it... And then she fell unconscious, Flint ran towards her and put her in her arms, her hair began to become shorter, going back to how it was before the supernova, but what most struck Flint was that her hair changed to light brown... how survived an impact of that kind, and those so... supernatural abilities, and the words: \"I know everything feels that and more\"... all this time had respect for her... — Alice! Wake up![Chapter 7] Flint did what he could to try to make react to Alice, but was in vain, and he was despairing, every second passing more and more than ever before, the last thing he wanted, was lose she without having said he was repentant, charging the girl in his arms, he was willing to take her to the shelter so that a physician attend it, but before he could go, Max landed —Where you think you're going? The panther man moved his tail on one side to another, showing how happy was feeling with what he was doing... Flint was shaking from fear, and gathering the courage to speak, said: —You already earned what you wanted Maximus, you already defeated she, destroyed almost all of the island, why you don't let her rest and leave us alone?! He said nothing, however, launched a powerful blast of energy that sent them to fly both, Flint released Alice in the way, landing heavily on the floor, Alice fell a few inches from the young, this tried to wake her up again, but it was almost impossible, she was very exhausted, another blast of energy hit him, away from the body of the young girl. He returned and returned for her, being repelled with more force this time. Max was closer, repelling the young more forcefully if it tried to approach the girl. When the man arrived beside the young girl, grabbed her neck and sent her to fly to the other side of the island, curiously ending a few blocks from the refugees. Flint became a giant tightness in neck, Max was approaching towards him in those moments, and this time with intent to kill him, a voice made him react: —Son! —Dad! It was Tim, Flint quickly ran to where Tim, and both ran out with all his might, the instincts of the panther man, made him see that it would be a fun game of cat and mouse, disappearing and to monitor where his prey is moving... Flint and Tim ran for their lives, then Tim came up asking: —Now that I remember, where is Alice? I haven't seen her in the whole day —She was defeated Dad... the young blonde... was she —he said really close to tears —What do you mean with that? —I gonna explain you later... is a long and complicated story... Tim agreed, fortunately they were already very close reach, Flint eyes lit up happiness, when he finally believed that would be safe, but was appalled to see Maximus, who out from nowhere, his face expressing an unexplained happiness to see Flint's hopeless face, quickly braked with the foot heels, while he grabber his father before the both arrived, tried to run in the opposite direction, but it was late, Max extended his arm like rubber and ordered to fly to direct Tim where were refugees from the village, who prevented his fall. The young man was very, but very terrified, the only thing that could process was he should run away as soon as possible. The panther man looked with a sick happiness watching his victim away, raised a finger and made a circle on its head, and this appeared a ring of light. —Galactic Donuts —said Max launched their attack towards Flint, intending to catch him, when he turned around, put more speed to his legs, felt tears coming out of his face, and the desire to live. The panther man cheated and threw a small sphere of energy, which impacted on the back of the young, making it a couple of times, when he regained his composure, the power ring was surrounding fall front and roll. This time he was crying with fear, before being able to react, the circle closed around it, pressing it strongly, unable to break free... —Don't want to die... Let me go! I don't want to die! —begged the young man Maximus only saw the funny side to the scene... making a sign with his finger, Flint attracted towards him, curb feet young attempts were in vain. He seized the young man from his mouth, it was more fun for him to see him squirm, Flint was completely scared, couldn't help crying most of what was already doing, of nowhere, he felt a strong impact on his stomach, surprising everyone, and destroying Tim. The young man had been heavily beaten in the stomach, he wrung is for the pain that felt, then felt back another, which removed a lot of air, shock became increasingly more savages, knocking louder and louder to Flint. Tim had tried to go to save her son at the expense of his life... being arrested by the police, for their safety, was forced to watch helplessly the scene... Meanwhile, Alice was already awake, but semi-conscious, walking leaning by the walls not to lose her balance... Very inside, her conscience was still sleeping, she just woke up, was a very dark place, a dim light illuminating the darkness that had, she was lying in a puddle of water, was too tired to move, a dark energy was pulling it up from the ground, boosting it, and from the darkness came out a couple of eyes red, with a monstrous mouth... —Who are you? —whispered she — I can give you power to finish him —said a demonic voice and deep — if I borrow your body, I will take care of the rest for good The energy of whatever it is that it was in front of she, was opening one of the eyes of the girl, her body had come to where Maximus tortured Flint, tucked away in a corner, when the images came to the consciousness of the girl, appearing in the form of a screen on one side... —Flint... I need... save him —she said weakly stretching an arm —I need... save him... — But you have no energy, little girl He slowly placed Alice on the floor, falling on its side, she was tired, both physically and mentally, so she couldn't be standing. She looked helpless, as Tim how tortured her best friend, a few tears out of her eyes, the dark power engulfed her again, and the demon came out of the darkness, revealing themselves as a black Japanese dragon, was quickly wrapped around the girl, who just looked forward, then said: — If you don't want your friend to die, I'll pay you with my energy... —What you need? Flint was near unconsciousness, and very close to death, rather, Maximus was the face of death itself, only thinking about what happened, just thought about Alice, and his mother, felt that he would soon meet with her, but suddenly the wild blows ended, and Max threw it aside, hardly breathing, glanced to his side —Well, look at what brought the wind, look like you are still looking for you're dead. Alice was with her head down, breathing hard, then...: —How... you dare...? —She said, beginning to compose —how you dare...? To treat in that way to my best friend?! The voice of Alice was different, very different, her voice aired rage and pure anger, loading air into her lungs, launched a strong cry of battle, mixed with the sound of something beastly, a dark aura coated, completely different from the Golden aura of before, her nails became claws, teeth were fangs, and her eyes changed to a purple color with torn pupil... —You... are dead... Maximus! —shouted furious This time, things took a turn of 180 degrees, and Alice was completely furious... A/N: Things turned wild, who knew it...[Chapter 8] Alice was completely furious, watching how Maximus was treatment Flint, he was very scared by what he was seeing, was the first time he had seen that energy coming from it, and more embarrassing was that he was trembling with fear... Flint just looked at Alice, while he leaned through a wall, his stomach was burning and much hurt by the wild punches that had received, just couldn't breathe, she only was preparing to attack if the Panther man dared to move, he seemed to be possessed by something, he knew that she was not... —W-who are you? What is that power? Where is she? —said a very frightened Max Alice didn't respond, only she was there stop in the attack position, then, Flint had a contraction in the stomach and began coughing badly, Alice directed her worried eyes toward Flint, who was coughing, covering his hand, at a time, he reviewed the hand and found a little blood in it, then began to cough again, spitting a small pool of blood on the floor... That added fire to the volcano. The young girl was more furious with the Panther man having seen that, loading lots of air in her lungs, launched another cry, full of fury directly to Maximus, causing a shock wave that almost sent him to fly strong, moving at high speed towards, appeared opposite powerfully to beat him on the Chin, almost heard a \"crack\", and coming flying towards the forest, launching another cry bout, is headed for the forest, being quickly followed by everyone in the village. Tim went to help his wounded son, helped him to stand and nearly crying, gave him a warm hug, Flint just couldn't keep standing, being supported by his father to keep it standing, dropping to Tim and giving half a turn, attempted to go to where the girl was torturing the Panther man, but being stopped by Tim... —Flint, where are you going? —I need... stop... Alice before —said, before ending almost fell to the ground, being held by his father —I... need... stop her... dad... —It is very dangerous, why would you want to go? I don't want you to risk your life... Please don't go... —He said very concerned —Alice is my responsibility... since I found her... at the bottom of the sea... She is my priority... or... she will destroy all... Tim was thoughtful for a few seconds, after realizing that Flint had much reason that, left to go... —Care for you son... -Okay dad... Despite the huge pain that he felt, it ran towards the forest, Tim looked as his son moved away, but he knew that it was to save them... asked Fran to please protect it... When Flint arrived, was behind a huge crowd, he stood a quiet second and his stomach returned to clamp down, but couldn't give up, and putting his desire to again, was to get among the crowd, to be stopped by Earl, Cassie, and Cal: —Flint where are you going? —Cassie asked —I must... stop... Alice —he said without much air The young inventor almost faints, but was stopped by Cassie, Earl and Cal, the policeman was holding it so that it cannot fall, then Cal continued: —Dude, you're crazy. He almost kill you, this time she perhaps gonna try to kill you —I agree with my little angel —said Earl —No... Alice is my responsibility... what she does... is my fault... from the first moment when I took it to home... it became my responsibility... and as such... I solve it —he said panting —I don't know if understand you Earl... but it is almost the same as having a son... Please... Let me do this... would be the only way that would forgive myself for the idiotic form with which I felt with her... The police was meditating a few moments, after thinking a little on his son, gave green light to Flint to go, who was happy that. Then, a new supernova appeared, was not of Maximus... was from Alice, who seemed to no longer measure her own limits, the young only looked scared, he realized that she had left unconscious Panther man, knowing that it would end up with him, he said: —That attack can reduce the entire planet to star dust. And all for want to fix accounts with Maximus... —What? —they exclaimed the three —Are you saying that if you don't stop it now, we will be universal history?! —He said Earl fully alarmed, Flint nodded his head —what the hell are waiting for Flint Lockwood? Go now! Young ran direct to the place, he still felt much pain, but it didn't matter now, the only thing that mattered was to react to the girl before it is late. Seeing a huge rock, perfect to jump, took moment and jumped out of there... falling behind the girl by surprise, making the supernova to disappear and a little reassuring to everyone. Both began to grapple with much, Flint held her arms, while she tried to break free, the young man just couldn't contain the superhuman strength of Alice, but somehow was managing to contain it, and something happened... Alice rose a few inches and began to hit wherever to free itself from the grip of the young, increasingly it was closer to release it, clinging with more force to it, things got ugly when she was raised a few feet in the air, and began to fall back, with every intention of making Flint will let go, this time it was lost. When they arrived at the ground, a huge cloud of dust rose in the area, scaring everyone by Flint, of the dust cup, jumped Alice, completely unscathed, her hair became more pointed, as well as their nails and teeth, she walked on 4 feet, dust, a hand appeared dragging on the ground... the young inventor just couldn't move. He was very exhausted, even more than before, he was breathing a little more strength before, his arms almost no longer had forces to stand up, no matter what stood up again, barely, but it did. Quickly was back to Alice, who was close to charging a new supernova, before to hold on again in it, she exactly disappeared, reappearing in his back, before coming to react, did something that no one would expect it to be... Alice, who has strived to protect Flint, gave him a blow on the back, tearing his lab coat and leaving him with a huge wound three claws, unconsciously, she began to beat him, and ultimately, she sent him flying into the rock where he had jumped before, attempting to stand, the dark energy took the form of a gigantic claw, and scratched to Flint again, leaving a huge claws in the stone and the young mark, making him split blood, and weakening him completely... Tim looked at the scene scared, couldn't credit what he saw, the young woman was attacking him, so nobody believed with what he saw, Brent looked also at the scene, he really expected a miracle, at least one small... Flint was defeated on the floor, without feeling his back, without feeling something small... the damage which had received before by Max, and now by the young, he was thinking... just things... who was really, what was his purpose in life... Why he is still alive... then saw his life pass through his mind, his failure with his first invention, his mother giving his lab coar, how despite adversity did what he could to move forward... and when he met Alice... what she did for him, everywhere, trying to save them from a madman... trying to protect him... at the cost of her own life... Slowly the forces were returning to it, for some strange reason felt that someone or some were helping him to stand, he felt awesome without knowing why, his determination was made more and bigger, a blue aura was surrounding him, those burning pains disappeared... Alice was loading a new supernova with both hands, without hesitating one second more was to stop turn the runaway girl, who was amazed that he was even aware... —Alice! I'm Flint, please stop! —begged the young man The dark power of the young woman is destabilized, an enormous light surrounded both, then that light spread, blinding all... When all recovered the vision, there was nobody, or Flint, Alice, even Max, Tim was frantic, he was truly worried about his son... then —Look there —said Cassie —It is Flint... —said Cal Indeed, Flint came with all his energy recovered, while holding Alice in his arms, everyone was looking at in a curious way the young, she moved just a bit her hand, the whole world calmed and clapped, she was still alive, as the young inventor... half the city was made powder, all had much work to do. —Very well, we have much work to do —said Earl —Earl... wait... —said a weak voice Alice was aware, more tired after having received the attack of the supernova, Tim and Flint were very relieved to see that had turned to be the same, as well as Cal and Cassie, the young woman returned to talk about: —Flint... let me go... Please... —You are too tired to stand —said Flint —Trust... me... Please... Flint fell to the girl, who just couldn't keep standing, she began to wobble on both sides, but was stopped by two enormous hands grabbing her arms and two medium on her shoulders... Tim and Flint was stopping she from fainting, she looked to father and son with a slight smile... —Thank you... —Thanks to you... —said Tim —for all... —What... what you mean...? Tim turned it without releasing it, and began to tell him how much that resembled Fran, he then offered something or it is expected...: -Alice... would like to be a part of our little family? She was surprised by the offer, looking slightly embarrassed, just like the first time down, said: —I don't seek to replace anyone... —No one will replace no one Alicia... —said Flint with a softly voice —but... neither what we talked about... but we agree in the same... and I would really like to stay with us... you know... and I like what I am... and actually admit that I was an idiot for how I spoke to you before... I'm really sorry... It wasn't my intention... Alice hugged Flint warmly... She had forgiven him... —I agree... you are the first... to accept me as I am... The young man and his father hugged the girl, Earl was crying a bit of excitement, saying something like: \"It's enough to make a grow man cry\". Cassie and Cal were happy by their new friend... Alice dropped and barely went walking, wobbling something... placing a little away from the curious group of inhabitants, was relaxing, looking for more energy in its inner, returned to find that dragon...: — I see that you wanna more power... —I not looking the energy of yours, I'm looking for mine. — Only if you have some, of course... —Who are you? — I don't gonna tell you now... maybe later... She only growled, everyone watched the girl with more curiosity than a few minutes ago, when it seemed that she would do nothing, began to increase its power, turning her blonde hair, and appearing the Golden aura... some clouds were located on it, threw her power into the sky and disappeared in a cloud, storm clouds were made around the island, and then definitely had fainted... —Only... so much... return them... what I took of them... thank you... Flint The young inventor was going to go along with his father to meet her, a raindrop on his shoulder stopped him, then it began to rain... at first it seemed stupid to have spent energy a rain, but then the rain made the part destroyed city is rebuilt as magic... what most surprised the same Flint, was that his wounds were healed and all his clothes were fixed, but the only person who not was the same effect was to Alice, who had a smile on her face... —Why are she smiling? —asked Earl —Pride... I think... —said Flint —Pride? Why do you think it's pride? —asked Tim —I don't know... just... so it seems... Earl whispered something in his ear to Flint, making this smile... then said: —Don't worry... will pass you your message. The cop smiled, Cal and Cassie left home, Tim charged the girl in his arms and they took her back to their home, this time, Alice was more wound that the time that found it, after returning to treat their wounds, took her back to Flint's old room, who this time said to his father: —Dad I... I gonna stay with it... —Are you sure? —Completely, so I'll tell you when she wakes up and that... —Okay skipper... Flint gave him a fake smile, just like Tim, when he came out, his smile disappeared, and tears came to his face and sat down next to the bed of the young woman, hoping when she woke up... Tim closed the door, and the smile of this also disappeared, put a hand on his face and sighed heavily, tears also fell from it, then looked at the family photo of his son, and his wife... the last thing he expected was anything happen to his new daughter... Everyone was worried about them...[Chapter 9] A/N: Ok; time to answer the reviews. Vanilla: Yes, Flint have 17 in the movie... I don't know why but, I just like him with 16 years old... Insanity1066: This is before the first movie... if you didn't notice EJEM... Sierraleone: No, she slept in Flint's old room, maybe is a guest room after end the lab and all of that.. Little crossover here... ¬w¬ It had spent a day and half to the battle, Alice was in her bed still unconscious, and Flint didn't hesitate to leave it alone a second, I wanted to be there with her for when she woke up... and at one point it had fallen asleep, on the afternoon of the second day of Vigil, the girl began to regain consciousness, awakening the young... Alice opened her eyes, heavily as the first time, being in the room, after have been put straight, regarded herself bandaged hands... —Was... was a dream...? —whispered she —It wasn't... When the girl saw Flint, agreed the bout which took with him, how ran out... the fight against Maximus, all, even when inadvertently account attacked him... Alice felt very embarrassed by this, so much that she wanted to run again, but her current condition wasn't really adequate to do so... the girl is was breaking slowly while tears fell down her face. She was desperate and scared at the same time, didn't know what to do, Flint put a hand on her shoulder, she looked at him with reddened eyes, when she realized, he hugged her and began to cry on his chest, Flint simply put his Chin on her head affectionately rubbing her back... —Don't worry my girl... the nightmare is over... —said Flint —You... do you think...? —Yes... calm down... She was sobbing for a few minutes, Flint felt touched and saddened by it, after crying, she only looked down... She was very stressed by what happened, she didn't know how to react, Flint offered her to speak more quietly in the laboratory, she only smiled in response, tried to stand, but it was almost impossible, it had spent too much strength and energy. Flint loaded Alice in his back and went to the laboratory, Cal and Cassie were watching if she went out of the House \"by chance\"... —Alice, you're finally awake —said Cal —how do you feel? —Better than yesterday and worse than tomorrow —said she —That was amazing —said Cassie —you kicked the ass to an idiot of that ilk! And when it appeared that powered the was like \"don't kill me\" and you- —Really, is not a big deal —said Alice —Isn't a big deal?! Tell me everything! —Will be at another time —said Flint —still needs a break Cassie went with a simple \"Ok\", and Cal simply followed her back to the House. Moreover, the duo of Flint and Alice went up to the laboratory, where the young man sat the girl on his swivel chair... She still was a little listless... Steve had appeared from nowhere and went up to the lap of the young girl, making her smile a little and began to caress his back —Alice... I think that it is high time that you trust in me... Please... The girl sighed deeply, she knew that you late or early would know it, in any way, I was forced to tell them... —Flint... Please... I don't want my story change the way you known me —said she, sighing again, continued—: when... when I was little girl... I was normal as every other child, playing... laughing... enjoyed... as always... two years ago a man had come from nothing, saying that it was my biological father, it was strange that he came from nothing and told me so anything else... but I was innocent at the time... I followed him and then I heard my other life... —Your other life? —Imagine this... first you're enjoying your childhood, and another when you find out that you're heir to an empire of madmens... —A second... an empire... are you a Princess? Alice smiled a little by the reaction of the young inventor, who was rather pale so said, when it saw that, smiled when he saw that he had made her smile, she continued: —Yes I am... but never would I have behaved as such... it is different to be a princess who trained to be a perfect waste, once trained to fight... but just think... that someone comes into your life and gives a turn of 180 degrees... —Alice, until you continue, I want to ask something, why Maximus you would see dead? —The Empire of the Pantherline and the Saiyans have always had a tense relationship, always I mean always... —What are talking about? —Guess... —Ok... continue... For years, both the pantherline and the saiyans had had a very tense relationship both between two royal houses as Empires, there have always been thousands of problems, and ever increasing problems. The conflict erupted when the rule of the Pantherline was launched in an attack surprise towards the magnificent Empire, being defeated in his offensive campaign. The father of Alice, was very explosive and irritable, would not tolerate that, taking a completely drastic decision: eradicate men Panther of the universe. Preparing its entire fleet and all his warriors in service, gave a surprise attack on the Empire, who could barely defend themselves from them. The entire planet was annihilated at the hands of the Empire of the saiyans, the son of the King was the only one that we know that he survived. Years after the Pantherline have been erased from existence, Alice already had the age of eight, living happily with her family, Vegeta, her father, was on the balcony of the Palace, facing the sky and thought of Alice, he knew that he had a daughter, she was under constant surveillance by people close to Helena and Alice, but he wasn't very sure if the mother of Alice suspected that he was the biological father, then... — Lord Vegeta — What's wrong Link? Link was the Commander of the Palace Guard, and general upper-class, was a tall, jet black hair, with a well defined arms, he was always quiet, in fact, the most peaceful person Vegeta knew, but this time was somewhat altered... Lord Vegeta... have received a transmission — said Link — Transmission of who? — Of a pantherline... — You're kidding? We delete all 8 years ago! — Not at all... The son of King Lynus Panther survived... — Are saying... what Maximus still alive? — So... apparently that day was on a mission in solo, East of the Galaxy... — What did say that damn bug? — Said that this time he was ready to take revenge for his family, and when he find the Princess and the Queen, he gonna kill then, so you gonna know what it's like to lose to people who love... — ended Link — Damn! No I can't afford it! — Exclaimed very furious — prepares the Bringer of Dead, we're going to visit my daughter! Quickly prepared the \"Bringer of death\" to meet Alice... after having entered their house and take it more or less \"by surprise\", when the young woman was sleeping... — Dad wanted me back strong and learn to use on my own... so I could have an opportunity to escape or survive an attack on the part of Max... — said Alice —then commanded to call his best Warrior elite... and as time passed I was going good, I learned fast, and 3 months of having already begun I was considered a prodigy... like my dad when he was a child... even though the weeks ended up in hospital for serious injuries... Alice master was a man with big muscles, such as the of the WWE, as everyone on the planet had black hair, and eyes of the same color, for some reason had a strange Russian accent, although did not bother her much, knew about the condition of the young woman, so it was very patient the times she failed or cost anything... — We came to develop that teacher-student relationship... he really was very patient with me... even much trusted him... — Trusted? — Yes... 6 months after the training, had become the global tournament time. The world gathered to see who was the strongest among them, divided between parties, the lower class, the average, high and the elite, many people of the upper class was registered, including Alice and her master... She still did not know if all let her win as a rookie, or if it is it was very goodhis teacher reached the final without many problems, like her. Then took place, this time she knew that he was fighting really, and proved that she was very strong in spite of his inexperience, expressing that it really was a miracle. It was a humiliating defeat against his pupil, and something dark in him... Alice went to see him, but he said that he needed to be alone, leaving the small very confused, Vegeta and a crowd was cheering with much happiness... as the days passed, teacher Alice became more distant to her, mistaking it and worrying about much, many upper class mocked him because an eight-year-old girl had won him... — And one of those days happened... — She said He had mocked the security of the Palace, up the levels and reaching the huge room of Alice, loading strings and some tape, he entered the balcony of her room, was slowly approaching to the girl, who slept calmly with a stuffed arm... standing behind her, dropped the rope and... — He did what I'm thinking... right? — asked Flint, Alice nodded Everyone in the Palace were mobilized to the ships hangars, once they arrived, he was laughing like crazy, Vegeta was with two guards on one side, pointing it, this still had a maniacal smile on his face... — Surrender Uri! — exclaimed Vegeta — or... — Or what — said threatening — , if you dare to kill me, I will make disappear your precious daughter... He moved to one side, and within one of the ships, that had the shape of a sphere, with pink polarized, saw Alice, she was tied up in arms and legs, gagged with tape, the girl was very scared, looking with the eyes wide open, was crying, Vegeta was burning anger and despair at seeing her there. — Sharotto! Release it damn! — If you are so brave to save your daughter, go get me in the dark zone... Quickly, Uri went up to one of the ships, preparing to leave, taking Alice, one of the guards was going to shoot, but was stopped by the girl's father. He was completely shattered, accepting the challenge, prepared his ship and he went alone, with much anger to regain her... XXX Dark zone is a volcano planet, was forbidden to enter there because only those of malignant heart would survive, the others would be drained of its energy slowly, without that realize... Uri was about the small ship, waiting for the father, Alice was crying, never felt so afraid so far, the former teacher heard how squalling, hitting the polarized with the heel of the foot, demanding to be quiet... then: — Fucking insect! Vegeta appeared from nowhere, giving it a punch in the face to Uri, dress with gloves of combat without fingers, a sleeveless blue, black pants of the same color and combat boots, turned and looked at her daughter, who was very happy to have seen her father, but he was away from her by a kick from the former master of Alice, the King was very angry with him, using the Golden transformation, having more fun to Uri... — My dad used the Super Saiyan state to fight it... — What is a Super Saiyan? — Is that golden transformation... There are four versions, of which I have only three available... The battle increasingly became worse, Vegeta was going up in level more and more, ending with the fourth phase, but it wasn't enough, things got ugly when a ball of energy appeared in the hand of the man, throwing him into the sky, closed his hand and the ball of energy exploded, was a man-made, staring there Moon, began to grow in sizebrown hair covered it, it had then become... — A giant ape? — exclaimed Flint — So... we have this tail to be able to transform us into that... is like werewolves, but the only difference is that we increase our size along with our strength, increased our power base x 10... Vegeta was outraged with what, he still didn't understand why he felt so exhausted, without surrendering a second was to attack him again, but it was held by the giant ape hand... tried to free themselves, vain, Alice looked scared scene where was... — Lol, you're not so strong here, Vegeta — said Uri — How in the hell you can talk in that mode? The only who can make it is my family-Ahrg! — exclaimed the King, Uri tightened it by hand — You're too proud, Vegeta, trust your Royal blood too, and it wasn't difficult to learn how to not lose speech in this State, King — while he returned to tighten it Vegeta was screaming in pain, Alice was terrified for what she saw, and knew that her life was notably endangered, small cry of fear, tears sliding down her cheeks and falling on her legs, she had never been more frightened than before... —Was very scared by this... never felt so scared in my life... I wanted to escape... and somehow I ended up in a dark place of my subconscious... It was a dark place, a dim light illuminating the place, Alice walked there scared, there was much water there, just saw something... then — Gururu... who are you girl? Alice frightened to the hearing a demon voice, looking to the sides without finding anything, fearful began to speak: — H-hello... who's there? Dark energy swirled to her around, appearing a huge hand, then the voice began to speak: — You are \"Alicia Galiano\", or not? — I... Yes... I am so... — I see that you need to be able to She was surprised at the hearing that, without much thought, she told him that Yes, whatever it is that was there, he smiled... The girl forcefully closed her eyes, and she was forcing the ropes that held her, dark energy appeared to her around, the ropes were cut in several pieces and... the ship exploded, surprising to Uri, who was about to crush Vegeta, but instead of feeling happy, he felt horror, a humanoid of dark energy was formed around it, bright yellow eyes inside a helmet shaped like a dragon skull, had four arms, one below the other... the eyes of the young age of a red color, with a design of a triangle, with sticks on the sides. Increasing her energy, her hair changing color as it stood, first was Golden, and then came back to her Brown, that was intermittently for several moments, Vegeta didn't believe what he saw, with a strong cry, a golden aura exploded around the small, and her hair was now a blonde color... Uri and Vegeta were stunned. Small looked with fury and anger at the great ape, who was too confident in the dark dimension would take all her power, but did not, Alice quickly disappeared, giving a powerful blow to the stomach to the great ape, then broke his jaw. After awhile of having fought, Alice strength increased in large size, while the Uri decreased... loading a blaster in his mouth, threw it at full power, but she fought back in a very simple way, facing the monstrous attack, the anger she felt was such that with a slight power increase, managed to overcome large-scale attack by his master. A huge light swallowed him, returning to normal... the student surpassed the master and big... Since she wasn't accustomed to use so much power, lost consciousness and began to fall to the ground, being saved by Vegeta still weak, who was very proud of his little daughter... led her to the ship and slept in his room, while to the other saiyan, they took him away and locked him up in the tank. The wrath of the King was such that wanted to run... but if it had not been for Alice, would be dead... his father was rather confused, but at the end he understood it was because it was still a fickle heart, and agreed, banishing him to unknown whereabouts. —As time passed something inside me changed... never again to be the same as before... also it was planned to tell my mom the truth... but once I was done in war against Max, the plans changed... I had known him 1 month before my 9th birthday, in a club in another dimension, it was for all public... had begun all casual... skills of food and that... but once I discovered my true identity... he wanted to take his revenge... fight... I almost died... and then the other two phases broke out... at the end we decided not to say anything to my mom to protect her... and I took the worst part... After my first experience with Uri... no I couldn't trust anyone more, Max obsessed... training... increased as he advanced in school got worse —said her starting to cry —I was most unsure of myself... and I started to lose my sight... —Quiet Alice... —And the time that I fought against that idiot... outside the Earth's atmosphere... was winning... but... then he asked me a question... M: — what is your true purpose in this life? A: — What doyou mean with that? M: — I mean who are you, and what is your purpose in this life. Your family would not support you because they don't even know about your secret, and you say that your purpose is protect them... but I think that this is only an empty purpose. —I kept thinking about what I asked Max... almost mindlessly to defend myself or fight... and whenever he tried to move me couldn't... and at a crucial moment was nearly absorbed by gravity... then... M: — Maxium Shine Attack —He launched the attack, was too powerful and I couldn't hold it... then I fell to Earth... He opened a dimensional portal... going back out into the atmosphere of your dimension... and I crashed at the bottom of the ocean... while I was sinking... I was thinking... who was... Why was still alive... which was my purpose... and didn't know it... all I wanted was being swallowed in the sea... I'm useless... —said she crying, a gold necklace, she drew her neck with a cursive \"A\" recordered in a medal. —And this necklace? —asked Flint —Was a gift from my great-grandfather... He gave it to me when I was 4 years old... and a week before he died —she said in a low voice The young man saw himself reflected on Alice's life, while she had suffered more than what he could... Alice began to shatter more than before, It was hurting see it so, then he pulled out a mirror and placed it to one side, grabbed the swivel chair and began to take it in front of the mirror. She had her head down, the young put soft hands on her cheeks and raised it with her gaze towards the mirror, the face of the girl was red by tears... —Alicia... tell me, what you see there? She looked at her reflection, reluctantly, simply don't feeling right she said: —A waste who cannot do anything without risking to people who love... carrying the weight of the errors of her family... —No... and that's not what I see... —began Flint, love could tell in his voice —what I see is a girl who wants to do things by herself... who don't want to have anyone help she to carry her world... I see a girl with a pretty fragile heart... which neither wants that no one worry is it... someone who doesn't know who rely for their experiences... and who needs who rely to get ahead... someone who also knows the little things of life... and who is beautiful inside and out... Alice gazed at her reflection, tears began to fall again, and a slight smile curved on its face, grabbed the hands of Flint and shut down his arms to hug her, the young man was surprised at himself, and felt very happy that she wanted to, hadn't given account of shooting star had granted him his wish... —Girl... I want to take you to a place... —Where...? —Do you like or —Yes... Flint smiled, before leaving told him that he should call Tim to let him know that she already had raised, after talking awhile, Flint hung up and lifted the girl on his back, and took the elevator. Steve stayed in the lab to avoid problems... People looked to Flint and Alice, both felt uncomfortable by the gaze of everyone, then... heard a round of applause, then two, then five, and then everyone in the place were applauding both, some even whistled joy, Earl watched with a smile to the duo... Cassie and Cal watched with happiness, while Brent, simply smiled, meaning a pause for an indefinite time to their teasing... The duo were heroes, and they had all the respect of the people... for now N/A: Sad chapter right? I need see three thousand times my fanfincs...[Chapter 10] N/A: Last chapter Flint was walking for 10 minutes approximately, although it didn't, Alice wasn't so heavy as it appeared, it was very light, the girl was supporting her chin over the shoulder of Flint, she breathed and felt calm at the young beat. She thought it was strange, but very nice, she felt how everything felt before disappearing... closed her eyes for a moment and began to hear the sounds to her around, the sound of the Sea that she liked, similar to the peaceful atmosphere in which were stepped, that salty air, which smelled strangely... What were understandably more reassured it was the warmth that came from Flint. Nobody never had that effect on her, and once lost sanity always would destroy whatever in order to download all her anger and what bothered her... but this time was different, this time everything that bothered it disappeared, and it may only be because simply someone heard it... —It is here —said Flint Alice opened her eyes and not the place where they were, liked very much the place was very dark for her, and more because it was that her heart sank... —Flint... what we do in the cemetery...'? —She asked Both were walking, climbing a small hill, at the foot of a tree had a headstone, engraved with the name of \"Fran Lockwood\", recalling that Tim had told him before... —She was my mother —said Flint —Your dad already told me it - interrupted Alice —I know everything that she wanted you to, even as every mother would be able to sacrifice her own life to protect you from anyone else... And then she remembered something. Alice was running through the Woods, trying to escape the problems that are ahead, she was crying, after having run a long way, had sat behind a huge stone, shrinking in a ball, began to sob, she was very confused, not knowing what to do very well, something in the stone made her back bother a bit, drying tears and trying to calm down. She saw a deep mark of a sword, of about 15 cm approximately, had a large red spot on it. Weird, thought, then: — Hello She to he spent with Tim, she screamed, jumping over stone once, a woman had appeared nothing, light brown hair, blue eyes very familiar, a white jacket with flowers oranges and pants of the same color. Alice felt that she had already seen it before, but could not think about much since she hurt her head and her heart... after a few seconds fell stone, breathing deeply, she said: — Hello... — Good surprise, what is your name? — I'm Alicia... but call me Alice — s aid she discouraged — Alice. It is a nice name, not would you like to tell me what happens? She sighed deeply and heavy, and began to tell the woman everything that happened with Brent, and by the attitude of Flint, the girl knew he was simply scared by having seen do that as well from nowhere... when it ended, she began to teary again, it really hurt the words of the young, the woman continued: — Probably he didn't want to tell you, being only something that said it without thinking... — I think Yes... — Perhaps you should talk to him and sort things out, because that is the only way to solve large and small things... — That is true... — You know... I know that he didn't want to damage your feelings... and was just an accident... and am quite sure that it, he's looking for you in this moment... — I think that it is true — Alice said, she stood up and breathed deep — I must tell the truth to Flint and compose things before that- It was broken off to hear that a strong explosion coming from the city, really alarmed, she was very concerned by Flint and Tim, who despite what little they knew them, have become a family for her, then felt a familiar energy that made that blood narrowly be freeze her, made a quick change of clothes, a Navy Blue t-shirt, pants of the same color with strips to the sides and a strange shoes, combat fingerless gloves, and a sword on her back. By changing, becoming, she would fly off, without first thanking the woman. — Thank you for all miss... — There is what... and tell Flint that always I'll be taking care of it... — Very well, I will do it... She came out taking off quickly direct the people, worried for her family by now, without realizing who had spoken... Women simply looked at how the girl moved away, and looked at the stone with the sword brand... — The world is small, and the time acts strangely... and hopefully the stone target noncompliance... — thought she Alice gave a heavy mental facepalm to herself, but partly gave a smile of happiness, Flint continued: —You know... I never understood why it was... always... She always made me lack... since she died... I've been confused... and didn't know what to do... I had two losses in my life... the first my mother... and the second a girl called Marlene... —Do a girl named Marlene? What was she like? —A couple of years, he had met a girl called Marlene O'Neil, it was very good girl... but I only knew her for a few days... was the adoptive sister of Brent... who is orphaned from mother and father... his parents murdered them shortly before the accident at the factory... then he was in charge of Shelbourne... —Bone that... —Marlene was his daughter... and I saw how killed it... Alice felt a strong twinge of pain in her heart, tears came to her face as the face of Flint, the heart of the young girl was slowly sinking to remember that scene... He had met the young woman by chance, there was a huge storm, and he had to find a place to stay, so he stayed in a petrol station, waiting for a storm to decrease or end to return to his home. A few minutes later, a young woman with straight brown hair, eyes of the same color, wearing a blue long sleeve, jeans and sports shoes appeared, she was soaked, and went to sit next to Flint... — Hi — he said — Hello — said she -What great rain... don't you think? One of the disadvantages of living on an island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean's largest... She laughed a little... silence heavy for a moment... then the young girl said: — My name is Marlene O'Neil, is by the name of my mother... — Flint Lockwood — he answered — Your dad is Tim Lockwood? — The same... — Not ask you why do you come to pick you up? — I don't want bother him... and you why not call yours? — My dad is a huge idiot... I am not going to call it, because then not to claim stupidity, and really makes me crazy... just I can't stand my adoptive brother and as if it were that you would support my dad... imagine that... — Oh... Both were talking about things, the mother of Marlene had disappeared when she was really young, with her insane father, Flint told her what happened with Fran in the factory, Marlene said goodbye and Flint asked: — Are you going with this rain? — Until my dad gets like lunatic, I must go... Flint sighed, in agreement, then until forget, asked who was her father, she claimed from that would not know, yet insisted, and wanted to die when she told — My father is the Mayor... Flint eyes widened in fear and at the same time heard the sound of a broken plate, and that meant that Brent was her adoptive brother... Oh God... XXX A few days later, the young man was walking calmly down the main street, had that strange feeling that something bad was or was going to happen, worrying about it a bit, he heard a familiar voice behind him: — Flint... The voice seemed to come from his mother, but seemed impossible, anything possible, and outside as possible, voice returned to speak... moving to side frantically in search of something, he saw a figure on a side, and quickly was to follow in the shadow... when he came, he saw Marlene being dragged by Shelbourne to the House, very concerned... quickly went to the House. He knew that if the Mayor discovered it was dead. Looked out the window, then began to see a fairly tremendous scene for it, Marlene was brutally beaten by her own father, the man beat her mostly on the face, and the young woman could barely defend themselves, tears fell on the unbelieving face of Flint, and things got worse when the Mayor grabbed a knife and began to give her a few cuts on the face and arms... the young man denied the headtrying to make believe that it was just a bad nightmare, but no... it was all real. When Shelbourne ended, he looked at the window, almost discovering Flint, Marlene was bruised on the floor, he grabbed her head and threw it to the basement. — That is to make you think about what you say, runny spoiled — said Shelbourne, by closing a door slam door Marlene was losing too much blood, had many deep cuts, Flint had found an entrance to the basement, the young man was scared to see horrible act... — Marlene — said in a low voice -Flint... go... — No... should I take to the hospital before that - — No... should I keep... or dad... will notice... Please... do me a favor... — Do you need? — I want to think something... something original... this town is too gray... and needs a touch of color... you know... I love you... She closed her eyes for the last time, her body became cold and white, the heart of the young man became heavy, as his breathing... unbeliever watched the scene, without even believing what he was seeing... was just a nightmare, which wanted to escape, tears and tears fell from his eyes... and his crying became silent... Alice was surprised, she felt very sad by her friend, he had suffered so much like her, Flint was breaking with that memory, he couldn't hide the torrent of tears... he felt when he returned to his home... was horrible, and more when you hear of someone you loved... too... was the young fell back and hugged the young, who was very broken inside and out... —Don't understand why it always happens to me... —said very sad Flint —whenever I find someone that I want to always have to leave me... —The things that you have that happen... but always make it to give us forces... —You know... I was in the same condition that you don't know how desperate I was... and was just waiting to sink deep in a sea of despair... you know... I thought that you... saved me but now I realized that both leave together... Alice smiled at the comment of Flint, she then added: —You know... your MOM would be proud to see you as well with me... I am sure that it she are watching from up there... Flint smiled in agreement, this time began to smile, the sun shines them both, young went to the girl's return on his back and began to leave again... —Flint... your mom sends you greetings... —What do you mean with that? —Aren't you you to believe if I told you, but anyway I will do so, in the forest, after having come out running... I found someone identical to your mom... She said to me \"I'll be taking care of yourself\"... Flint was confused by that, then remembered the old man... and said to Alice: —Also an old man instructs you greetings, his name was Juan Galiano... —That's the name of my great-grandfather... —Do you think what...? Both were silent, thinking about the possibilities, and associating the events of recent days, left so... Whileaway, at the foot of the tree, they moved Fran Lockwood was looking with an old man... Alice's great-grandfather... —It is very good your great-granddaughter, really will be comfortable with my family —Fran said —Yes, I told you that, and I also said that it would be a good idea that knew your are, thanks to it, their hopes were renewed —Juan replied —That's true... a new daylight appeared for them... I am sure that will achieve great things someday... ... .. . The end N/A: This fanfic is officially over. Maybe i gonna take a break of the fanfictions for awhile, but I gonna still online. Thank you for the support and ~Sharotto's out ","Summary":" Do any of you believe that things happen by chance or by whims of fate? That perhaps in any life yo"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Sarah's Story","Author":"TheLonelyMan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12681162","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Note to readers: this takes place during the events of Blade Runner 2049 , so there may be references to events from the plot of that movie. If you haven't seen it, be advised: SPOILER ALERT!) It all seemed real. At first, there was nothing but total darkness, the air silent. Then, bright lights illuminated, and a room appeared. She was lying in the center, her knees drawn up to her chest, her long dark hair stuck to her shoulders by the slimy orange goo used to preserve quality skin. Suddenly, the door opened. Two people, a man and a woman, stood outside, the man holding a case in his right hand. They were wearing the biege uniform tunics worn by all employees of the Wallace Corporation. As they entered, she could hear them talking: \"...I am aware that this is the 45th subject we've tested today, and for what? They're supposed to be sterile, that's how we designed them. Why does Mr. Wallace think they're capable otherwise?\" \"That's not for us to question. His instructions were clear: we're to test every new subject until we find one that matches the appropriate conditions.\" \"Very well. Get her calm while I prepare the instruments.\" As the man turned his back on her, the woman got down on her knees and put her hand on the girl's face. She had a kind expression on her's, framed by hair with the same color, tied up in a long ponytail. \"Hello, little one. You have a long, prosperous life ahead, working for the benefit of others. And when the time comes, you will join those who came before in a better world, free of pain and suffering.\" Yet even as she said these words, the man behind her was removing sharp metal tools from the case and laying them out upon the floor. It didn't take much imagination to know what he planned to do. So she bided her time. Eventually, the woman stood aside and the man approached her, a scalpel in his hand. \"Now remain still, and this will be over quickly\", he said in the most reassuring voice he could. His hand coming close to her face, she waited until he was just inches away from her stomach. Then, in a rather fluid series of movements, she grabbed his wrist, turned it, and drove the scalpel right through his eye. Then she grabbed the woman by the throat and jumped on top of her. Shocked and overpowered, the woman could only flail helplessly as the bones in her neck were crushed one by one. Then, she stopped moving. She wasted no time. She began undressing the woman's body, putting on her tunic, skirt, bra, panties, and heels. As she was putting her own hair in a ponytail, she noticed something. A small ID had fallen out of the tunic's pockets. She picked it up and opened it. Inside, she found a name: Sarah. She didn't have a name. Creatures like her didn't need them. But things were different now. She decided that from now on, her name was Sarah. Holding herself with an air of confidence and authority, she somehow made it out without being discovered.[Chapter 2] It was a slow day at the office. Well, \"office\" was a strong word, given that they were on the street. Specifically, they were hookers, looking for men and women hungry for sexual contact on the cheap. It wasn't how they wanted to make a living, but replicants were legally barred from most other professions. With few interested customers, one of the girls took out the box of cigarettes she'd swiped earlier from a drunken hook-up and passed them out, along with a lighter. As they lit up, the usual complaints surfaced. \"Damn, these are terrible, love.\" \"This fake shit is burning my lungs. You couldn't bother to get the good ones?\" \"By all means, Jessy, pitch in the next time I make a run. Assuming you have any money left from buying drinks.\" \"How else am I supposed to get these buggers horny?\" Suddenly, a girl in a bright fur coat came storming out, dragging some red-faced oaf by the arm of his disheveled suit. She took him to the nearest alley and then rolled his sweaty, unconscious frame under a pile of uncollected trash. \"What the hell was that about, Mariette?\" \"Oh, he didn't listen when I told him not to put his hands on the girls without paying up. He tried to hit me, and I was forced to remove him by physical force.\" \"Got your story straight for the cops, then. Very good, love.\" \"Well, seeing as how I'm supposed to be looking out for all of you, I feel it's important to set a good example.\" \"If you're setting examples, then how's about finding us some business?\" Flashing a smile, Mariette decided to try checking the back alleys rather than the usual spots. Sure, it was unorthodox, but maybe there was a drifter or bum or some homeless loser she could pick up. It was certainly worth a try. At first, no luck. The alleys were deserted, covered in snow and frost. It made sense , she thought. No non-replicant would be foolish enough to stay outside in this weather. Then, she noticed a large pile, covered by a ratty blanket. Whoever was underneath was doing their best to remain still, but it wasn't quite working. Mariette carefully removed the blanket, revealing a woman in a tattered tunic. Her eyes were glazing over, and she didn't make a sound. The other girls were finishing their last cigarettes when they spotted their leader rushing inside with something slung over her shoulder. They followed her in, and for the next few minutes, chaos ensued. Mariette snapped orders at the girls. \"Shut the door! Cover the windows! Get me some scissors! And a drink!\"[Chapter 3] When Sarah opened her eyes, the first thing she felt was a cloud of smoke blowing in her face. Hearing the coughs, the girl sitting next to her on the couch smirked. \"Took your sorry ass long enough to wake up.\" Sarah blinked. \"Where am I? And who are you people?\" \"Yup, she's one of us. Naive and good-looking, you can always tell.\" \"What do you mean, I'm one of you?\" \"She means you're a replicant, love. You were grown in a test tube in some dirty little factory to be worked to death. We're the lucky ones. Well, if you count having to sleep in your clothes and eat every other third day lucky...\" \"What Jess here means is that you're a slave. Nothing more, nothing less. At least that's what your purpose was. But now that we've found you, you have a chance. You can choose your own destiny.\" \"She can find her \"destiny\" after she pays me back for those threads.\" \"I saw you throw them out, Nia!\" \"I ain't talking' about those, limey! She's wearing my best nylons!\" The girl in the bright coat took a ring from her left index finger and tossed it to Nia. \"That's worth double what those cost. Leave the poor thing alone.\" Nia shrugged and left. The girl quickly took her seat. \"I'm Mariette. I've been here as long as anyone else, so you can trust me to help you. Now, how'd you end up in those alleys?\" \"I don't quite remember, to be honest.\" \"Well, I suppose that's because you still don't fully trust us. That's understandable. We don't get to learn how the world works the way they do, as children. Either we figure it out, or we die. Simple as that.\" \"Can you really help me?\" \"Of course. There are others, hidden in the shadows, who want to make the world safer for our kind. They're always looking for new faces...\" \"Mary! Cops!\" At the sound of an approaching siren, most of the girls seemed to melt into the walls. The few who were left shoved Sarah under the bar just as two male replicants in uniforms entered. Mariette stepped up. \"Is there a problem, officers?\" The taller of the two, a heavyset type with a graying mustache, spoke first. \"The Wallace Corporation has authorized us to track down missing subjects and return them to custody as soon as possible. We've been advised that one has been seen in the general area. Can you tell us anything?\" \"Well, I know these streets better than anyone. So I can tell you with confidence that I've haven't seen anything.\" His partner, who had a similar, yet younger-looking, face, swept the room with his gaze. \"You are aware that sheltering a fugitive is a violation of the law, ma'am? We could turn this place upside down if we wanted to. After all, you technically have no rights under the law.\" Mariette gave a cheeky smile. If they were trying to intimidate her, they'd have to try a hell of a lot harder. \"I may not have rights, but I've also done nothing wrong. A lot of people come here for pleasure and company, including some very rich and influential ones. I'd hate to see what might happen if they learn we won't be around to comfort them anymore.\" Suddenly, the tall officer changed his tune. \"Sorry for the disturbance, ma'am. Enjoy the rest of the evening.\" With that, the two officers left. Sarah popped her head out. \"Are they gone?\" \"Yes. And you need to be as well.\" That was the last thing she said before the bullets started flying. Sarah suddenly felt a warmness coming from just above her thigh. The last thing she remembered before she fell into unconscious again was the sound of voices yelling: \" We have to save her, grab her legs, get to the Surgeon...\"[Chapter 4] At the very edge of town, near the massive sea wall that held back the swelling oceans, there was a collection of crumbling houses that had long since been deemed unfit for human habitation and were subsequently abandoned. Inside, in a large family room somewhere near the center, the replicant known only as the Surgeon was washing his instruments with his two companions, Flannery and Winona. Suddenly, a group of women came bursting through where the door had once been, each shouting over each other in the loudest possible voices. The Surgeon nodded at Flannery, who put two fingers between her lips and let out a whistle so sharp, it made tiny cracks appear in an old glass vase near the couch. The women stopped shouting and turned their attention towards the man in the long coat, walking towards them as he put on his protective gloves. \"Who needs treatment?\" One girl stepped forward. \"Our friend was shot. The wound doesn't look too serious, but it needs to be closed and treated.\" The \"friend\" in question was a young woman of about 25-26 years, wearing the same risqué clothes as the rest of the bunch. On close examination, the Surgeon could make out a bullet wound just above the abdomen, covered with a crude bandage. \"I see. Put her down there.\" He gestured to a bare spot on the ground, where Sarah was laid down. Removing the bandage, the Surgeon examined the wound. \"Well, you're lucky, my dear. Looks like the round went straight through, so there's no need for surgery. A proper bandage will be needed to get the healing process started, but otherwise you'll be fine.\" As he applied the bandage, the women split up and wandered about the room, talking with each other or marveling at how well-kept the floors, walls, and ceilings were. Mariette was sitting by herself on the couch when she felt two other bodies land next to her. They turned out to be Flannery and Winona. The three started talking. \"So, how did you two end up with a guy like him?\" \"He found us living out of a box behind his place. We'd been close as sisters back when we worked in the colonies, and when they sent us back home to be retired, we fled and tried to make our own way in the world. Too bad this world isn't made for our kind.\" \"Retired? They're only supposed to do that with older models.\" \"Trust me, it happens to all models. The companies don't want us wandering around, making trouble and taking up valuable space. Retirement is quick and effective, and best of all, it's cheap.\" \"Anyway, when Doc over there found us, he took us into his own home. We knew how to keep a place tidy, so he had us scrub out all the dirt, fix the power and heating, and generally try to make the place livable again.\" \"And what about your names? Flannery and Winona?\" \"Well, Doc insisted that we have real names if we were going to live with him. He had this old deck of cards, and he told us to pick one each at random. I picked Flannery, and she got Winona.\" As she said this, Mariette noticed that Flannery was twirling a finger through her hair. \"Ah yes. The hair. Well, see, those cards had some nice pictures on them, and we decided to try to match them. You know, since we took their names. The clothes weren't hard to come by, but the hair...well, let's just say those styles are harder to pull off then they look.\" Flannery's own greasy locks were tied off in the back into a mess of stiff spikes, the formerly brunette strands stained red with dye. Winona's hair was a light purple, and pulled through the back of her pilot's cap in a long bushy ponytail. \"Well, at least you've tried something interesting. All I did was cut some bangs and chop off the rest.\" It was at this point that the Surgeon saw an opportunity to interrupt. \"Your friend will be fine for now, but I have to recommend that she have a day or two of rest so that her body can fix the damage properly.\" Mariette thought over her options. \"I don't feel comfortable bringing her back to the inner city. Too much stress, too much risk of damage. Could I leave her with you?\" \"Well, as long as she can work, then I don't mind. It never hurts to have more hands around here.\" ","Summary":" (Note to readers: this takes place during the events of Blade Runner 2049 , so there may be referen"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"Lightning Rider","Author":"battybydesign","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12506892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, everyone! It's me, Claude again! Yes, I know I should upload an update to Planet of the Pies. I WILL, I promise! I'm not that great a writer and as it happens, writing customer feedback is tiring! Tons of little stories about how much I care about teeny non-problems. It's very grating and makes it tough to want to write things I'M interested in. Please enjoy this AU I've been playing with for awhile. Flint will be introduced very soon, but let's give Sam the show! She is, after all, the magical girl here. And now, without further ado, Lightning Rider. Sam couldn't believe that she was going to be late. Her very first high-profile job and her third day, and she was running tardy to work, as if it was one of her college classes. She sighed as she darted through the crowd, small backpack hoisted on one shoulder as ballast (and that day's lunch). New York was always crowded, and today was no exception. Today she was to introduce herself as the WNN's newest face, and she played out in her head what she ought to say. \"Hello America, I'm Sam Sparks! I'm an average girl, but my love for meteorology sure isn't!\" Ugh, that is so LAME! There ought to be a better way to introduce who she was! She thought to herself. \"Scuse me, scuse me!\" She shouted at the mass of orange-vested people in her path. She managed to shove through them and saw another group, but this time of large strawberries and blueberries, huddled against the building. Who just wastes this much food when the city was full of hungry people? Sam snorted angrily and launched yet another step, her blond ponytail bouncing, when her foot collided with a foot-high strawberry in her path. Sam yelped as she flew head over heels onto the concrete. Upon landing, she was instantly annoyed. She didn't have time to fall on her butt; she was already running super late! \"Saspa?\" The berry suddenly turned to her; large green eyes met smaller ones. This time, understanding dawned on Sam. For whatever reason, this wasn't food waste, but the latest outcrop of terrifying and monstrous sentient food terrorizing the city. Although looking at it now, this \"monster\" was not quite as terrifying as the newscasters made it appear. She shrugged it off; it's a newscaster's job to make things appear more dramatic than they were, and leapt back up on her feet to start the mad dash to work again. At least, that was her plan. Instead, she slammed right into another large group of people. \"ExCUSE me,\" she hissed, trying to shove through. She knew she was being rude, but dammit, so were they, and she had somewhere to be! \"I don't think so, Ms. Sparks,\" came the deep-voiced reply. Sam jumped back, shocked. \"You're coming with us.\" No, NO! Sam scrambled for a reply, but opted instead for the smarter option, to double back and run away. At this point she figured she would be lucky to get to work ALIVE… what was being a couple of minutes late anyway? She darted into an alleyway, panting, and came out the other side, thinking she had beat them. She was grabbed by the arms suddenly and hoisted into the air! \"LET ME GO!\" She hissed and shrieked. Thinking back on her self defense classes, she screamed a number of attention-catching words. \"HELP! MURDER! FIRE!\" A large hand descended to cover her mouth. She wriggled furiously and bit. There was a growl, then a poke in her arm, and her vision turned dark. She thought she could make out a \"SASPA!\" but didn't have the brainpower to devote to thinking about it. When Sam awoke, she was seated in handcuffs at a long, sterile white table. Her seat was metallic, hard, and uncomfortably molded. She took a look at her surroundings groggily, and noticed that the whole room was white: white tiles, white popcorn ceiling, white drywall, and too-bright white lights. Her backpack sat at her feet, violently shuffled through but contents untouched. When she saw that, she knew that this was no police operation and she started thinking of escape plans… but at that her head began to spin, and she groaned, holding her forehead in her hands. A panel with metallic framing in the wall appeared to open inward; when Sam peeked up she found that it was just a door with no handle on her side. A slim, but intimidating figure stepped through; she had no idea of his appearance because he wore a high-collared dark jacket and the darkest sunglasses she'd ever seen. All that she could see of him was that he was bald and had a white mustache and close-cropped beard. \"Do you know why you're here, Ms. Sparks?\" His voice was threatening, but had a nasal tinge. He seemed to hiss when he talked; maybe that was just her imagination. Sam shook her head. \"We have reason to believe that you might be a terrorist, driven towards destroying Live Corp.\" Sam looked up suddenly at that, aghast. \"N-no. Th-there must be some sort of mistake,\" she slurred. She cleared her throat and tried again; the drug was still affecting her and made it difficult to talk. \"I've never done anything against Live Corp… I know that the New York branch, at least, is driven towards the betterment of its people. Why would I want to take that away?\" \"You tell me, Ms. Sparks. Earlier today our agents saw you consorting with one of the monstrous species that a terrorist had unleashed on the city… the same terrorist we've been trying to capture. I'll leave you here to think about that.\" \"Oh, noooo, you see, that was just a big misunderstanding –\" Sam tried to argue. \"Ta-ta, Ms. Sparks,\" the mysterious man said, withdrawing back into the lit hallway. Sam sighed a long, deep breath and put her head back into her hands. The drug was already starting to clear, but she had absolutely no experience in breaking out of handcuffs; why would she? Although , she thought, maybe this is the sort of skill I SHOULD pick up if I'm going to continue with journalism. The one mercy about this room is that there are no cameras. If I can just make it out of these handcuffs, I can start moving… I'll plan as I go. I can do this. \"Saspa?\" her backpack squeaked. Sam started, then opened her backpack. Out hopped the strawberry from earlier! \"Oh, no, not YOU. I'm sure you meant well enough, but you're what got me INTO this whole fix!\" Sam groaned.[Chapter 2] The strawberry rolled its eyes and turned to dig some more in her backpack. Sam sighed... her lunch was probably long gone. \"TADA!\" it chirped triumphantly, pulling out what looked like... a magic wand? \"Look,\" Sam began. \"I'm sure you're trying to help me here, and I appreciate it, really I do, but this isn't really...\" The strawberry grunted insistently, and forced the wand into her hand. She could've sworn she heard what sounded like \"AWAKEN SUNSHINE!\" in its chipper voice, and as if by effect, her body lifted into the air of its own accord. Sam's vision twisted for the second time that day, but this time, it was filled with blinding, yet soft light... and was that sparkles? She shut her eyes, as there was no way she'd be able to continue this transformation with them open. As the light surrounded her, despite the dire situation she was in, she really did feel at peace. The handcuffs shattered off of her wrists as ribbons of what seemed like pure magical energy... no, that was ridiculous, there had to be some scientific explanation for this... furled and unfurled around her, changing her outfit and filling her with power. With this, whatever it was, unexplained encounter that it is, she knew she could take on a host of enemies, the mysterious harasser among them. When the sparkles lifted, she alighted down, first on her toes, then landing completely. She gave herself a quick glance and found that she was indeed dressed completely differently. Covering most of her face was a cat-eye style mask with wings on each side, and tying up her hair now was what seemed to be a galactic-patterned squishy scrunchy and a handful of curled golden feathers. Noticing this, she turned out each of her legs and looked herself over. Around her shoulders was a blue and grey cloud-patterned cape pinned with jewels cut in the shape of the sun. Outfitting her was a sparkly silver camisole that shimmered as if it was really raining, and she had a gold choker that turned into filigree lightning coating her chest, attaching to the camisole. She then had a midnight-blue tulle skirt gathered more at the sides so that it stuck out more, decorated with silver stars that hung from her waist. On her feet she had white slippers with golden puffs. Her magic wand, now that she looked at it more closely, was actually a miniature but cute lightning rod. \"You...did this?\" Sam asked breathlessly. \"Bah, eh eh. Uh...\" the strawberry shrugged in response. \"Okay... I guess it doesn't really matter. Let's get out of here, uh... Berry? Barry!\" Barry hopped up on Sam's shoulder, solidifying her decision to leave... not that it was really all that shaky. \"Aahhhh! Ah ah! Memba wetha! Memba wetha!\" Barry cried, waving his arms. \"Remember the weather?\" Sam asked. \"Well, I guess I'll find that out when we get there.\" She dashed up to the door and tried to open it. \"Dammit!\" she cried, banging on the door, \"Its only way to open is from the outside.\" She closed her eyes and unheeded, pictured a hurricane bursting through to a coast. Once again she lifted her fist, and with a WHOOSH busted a hole in the metal-supported drywall panel! Sam looked at her fist, shocked, and then shook off the drywall and started walking quickly, then broke into a run. She didn't have much time to look around her, but there wasn't much to look at. The long hallway looked an awful lot like the room she had woken up in, with its snow-white walls and too bright lights. Her footsteps were light and didn't make much of a sound as she ran. She saw very many doorknobs but heard nothing from inside, not even muffled speech. She had run for about ten minutes before she heard a shrill cry. \"B-b-berries!\" Barry cried, jumping off of the magical girl's shoulder. Sam took a deep breath and opened the door.[Chapter 3] \"I'm here now. What can I do to help?\" Sam asked breathlessly upon bursting into the room. She noticed that there were a great number of berries all trapped inside glass cages inside what looked like a hangar. Some of them were very despondent, while others still had hope that they could break out and beat on the glass. \"Oh my goodness... Who would... it's clear that you guys wouldn't harm a fly.\" She thought quickly on how to get them out, because if she wasn't careful, she could really hurt them with her newfound weather powers. She imagined an earthquake, and how it would effect the glass cages in the room without introducing dangerously strong winds into the environment. As she decided that this must be the way to go, she stamped her foot, but called out a phrase this time: \"Quake Shatter!\" A deep rumbling overtook the large room, and the cages broke carefully around the berries. They all gasped, then cheered as they realized they were on the way out! \"Yess!\" Sam cheered to herself. \"Okay, hold on... Barry, can you help me out here? Everyone, please, uh... follow me!\" The magical girl was surprised at how confident she sounded, because she definitely had no idea what she was doing. She remembered that there weren't any doors or exits in view of where she had come in, and spotted an industrial exit on the opposite side. Sam quickly made her way across the room with several strawberries in tow, and tried to force up the door. But it just wouldn't budge... The berries chatted amongst themselves and rushed over as well to help Sam push up the powered door. With a heave and a metallic shriek, the door finally did give way, and the rag-tag group rushed down this much smaller hallway to get to another door. With a deep breath, Sam now opened this door. The space she stepped into was less a room than it was an elevator shaft. A metal catwalk connected her doorway with two other entrances surrounded by metal overhangs, and in the very middle there was a clear shaft that must act as a high-powered elevator. A lot of industrial white noise polluted the airwaves and echoed off of the walls. Each floor was marked by a glowing orange stripe all around the wall. The walls were completely circular, and stepping out cautiously she noticed that she also was protected by the railing of an overhang. Barry jumped at the sight of the enormous tunnel with a small gasp. \"Shhh,\" Sam told him, but it was too late. She had attracted someone's attention! Across the way, a string bean of a man jolted upon seeing her, and dropped the boxes he was carrying to run over to her for confrontation. \"Unauthorized intruder, where do you think you're taking those dangerous beasts?\" The man, whom Sam had never seen before, stood up as straight as he could and puffed up his chest. He was only brave enough to come within a few feet of her airspace, and he tried very hard not to shake at the presence of the large group of berries behind her. He wore a lab coat with a high collar and cuffs, wide-legged navy shorts, and some kind of sparkly plastic-like substance made to look like boots up to his thighs. The t shirt under his lab coat was orange with the Live Corp logo, and he wore a thin blue scarf loosely around his shoulders. She scrutinized his face after looking him over. He had electric-blue eyes, a rather large nose, and metallic dust caked on his cheeks and chin. A bandage was slapped haphazardly under one of his eyes, and a pair of goggles kept his wild, thick brown hair out of his face with only a handful of fly-aways. He seemed perturbed by her silence and stumbled over his words before continuing. \"My name is Flint Lockwood, and I won't let you - uhhh...\" Looking closer at her, he began verbally stumbling again. \"What IS your name, intruder?\" Sam knew she couldn't risk giving out her real name. Not only would she endanger herself, but she would probably endanger her chances of ever getting, or keeping, another meteorology job ever again. She had to think of a cool alias... and quickly. \"Lightning Rider... I'm known as Lightning Rider.\" Flint thought that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She might be dangerous , he thought, but dammit if she isn't gorgeous and... and so cool ! He had to collect himself. This was no time to be fawning! \"I'm sorry, Lightning Rider, but I can't have you leaving the premises with those.\" He turned quickly and shuffled through the boxes he had dropped to pull out a device that looked like a water gun crossed with a refrigerator. He frowned as he inspected the weapon, then turned the facial expression on her. \"I w-won't let you terrorize the city of New York... or the world!\" Sam grimaced. He was kind of cute... but he did just take out a weapon with what seemed like intent to use it either on her or the group of berries behind her. She bounded forward a few steps and tried to clear her head of weather and storms, then shot out her fist. As it connected with his face, Flint groaned, then crumpled to the catwalk's surface. \"Sorry,\" she whispered, picking him up quite easily. She set him down gently by the entrance that he had come out of initially, making it so that he sat, supported by the railing of the overhang, by his boxes. Then she took the only other entrance, the group of berries following. Barry lingered momentarily, whispered \"N woo...?\" then followed behind them to freedom.[Chapter 4] Thankfully, once Sam burst out from Live Corp's building, she found herself in an alley not far from her workplace. Away from the prying eyes of security cameras, which had lined the halls, she took a deep breath and collected herself for a few minutes. \"Okay, Barry, I think I can go back to being a regular weather-girl now. Can I count on you to guide your friends back home... wherever that is?\" Barry nodded, and tapped her mask with her lightning wand. A breath of wind breezed her, and she was back in her work uniform: a white camisole, spring green cardigan, salmon slacks, and white flats. Her Lightning Rider mask had the ability to correct her vision, but there was nothing but her glasses for her here. She sighed; she might be bullied again, but she had to be able to see. As long as she took them off to broadcast, there was no reason her supervisor should throw a hissy... except for the fact that she was now really, really, super duper late! \"Shit!\" she swore. If she wasn't careful, she might be blacklisted from finding another job here after she was surely fired for her tardiness. A shadow flashed on the concrete wall behind her and she froze, cautiously turning around. \"Go, go, you guys! C'mon!\" she hissed quietly. Barry frowned and stayed behind. An orangutan wearing an orange vest hopped down in front of her before she could react. Sam stifled a scream. A Live Corp. executive! \"Don't hurt the berries!\" she growled at the orangutan. The orangutan looked up at her, blinking wide-lashed eyes, and rolled them. \"Don't hurt... just who exactly did you think helped you out of this building? Who do you think sent Barry with the lightning rod, and... ugh. Never mind. I'm... I'm really glad you succeeded in your first mission, Ms. Sparks. My name's Barb.\" Barb extended her long arm in a handshake offered. \"You can call me Sam, Barb. You saved my life. I owe you for that. I have to get back to work now.\" Sam took Barb's hand gratefully. \"About that...\" Barb started. The blonde meteorologist sighed. \"Lemme guess... I lost my job.\" \"Oh, no, no no, nothing so severe. I wanted to let you know you won't be working alone. I'm trying to get together four others for you. One for each classical element... you know, the old Earth, Water, Air, and Fire. Very unscientific... but incredibly magical.\" The orangutan smiled. \"At least one of your new companions works at your station. Please look out for her.\" \"Will do. So I'm guessing there's more to these beasts than them being terrifying monsters?\" Barb nodded in response. \"Okay. Gotta dash... see ya!\" The words were barely out of her mouth before she left the scene. Sam burst breathlessly into WNN's headquarters. \"Sorry I'm late!\" she blurted to nobody in particular. She rushed into the second set of double doors and was met immediately by her unhappy-looking supervisor. \"I'm so sorry, sir.\" \"Ms. Sparks, you know being this tardy isn't acceptable in general. If it were any other instance, you would be fired for sure. New hire... 4 hours late on her third day... but I have something to discuss with you. Please come into my office. Feel free to grab a donut on your way in.\" His brown eyes twinkled, though he was still frowning. Sam grabbed a strawberry cake donut with a napkin and closed the glass door behind her; despite her supervisor's grace, she did not want to risk her position further by dumping a glop of filling or spreading sprinkles everywhere on the marble table. She sat stiffly in the high-backed leather chair with a polite smile and a nibble and her supervisor took the seat across from her. \"Ms. Sparks, this time I can understand why you were so late. I keep a close eye on the news reports. I have to, you know.\" She took a sharp breath inward. Did he figure out her secret? Already? \"There was a random kidnapping this morning at about the time when you were supposed to come in. Judging by your absence, and those bruises on your face, I'm guessing you were the victim of that. I'm glad you're here and I hope you're alright, although they haven't found the perpetrators yet. This your first time in New York?\" His face softened, and Sam looked away and shook her head. She had forgotten that once the transformation wore away, the injuries she'd had prior came right back. No wonder her arms were so sore. \"Well, in any case. The other discussion I wanted to have with you. The other news report... did you hear about Lightning Rider? ... No, I suppose you wouldn't have. Well, it's some stupid vigilante kid who thinks she can be the hero. She broke into the Live Corp. headquarters and set the dangerous animals they'd held captive for safekeeping all free again. It's super interesting, though. I think she could be good material for us to cover.\" Sam nodded. How on earth would I pull that off? Now she frowned. \"Ms. Sparks, this could be your big break into the foray of having a TV presence. Oh, that's right... you still haven't made your introduction. How about we hold that off until tomorrow? I won't make you work late today. We'll just count this as half a paid sick day. What I want you to work on for the rest of today is seeing if we can nab an exclusive interview with Lightning Rider. You can start just doing the research, especially since you don't know anything about her yet.\" \"I-I'll see what I can do.\" Sam replied, trying not to choke on the last of her doughnut. \"Oh, Ms. Sparks, please don't be nervous. I don't think she's out to hurt anyone. All we need is some method of contact for her. She is a 'hero' after all, right?\" His employee nodded in response. She hoped nobody would ever figure out she was Lightning Rider. It looked like the whole city was about to become her enemy, since nobody knew it was Live Corp. who was in the wrong here. \"Alright then, go ahead and get to work. It looks like a nice day to work.\" \"Got it, sir!\" Sam left the office brightly and went to go work at her desk right by the window. She grabbed a slice of the leftover pizza that one of her coworkers had ordered and left on the shared meeting table in their office. She wondered what kinds of things had been written about her already. She logged into her Chromebook and got straight to work. She opened up the browser and flipped her notepad to a clean page. The only news websites that had complete stories about her already were from untrustworthy tabloid sources. Not a one came even close to guessing who she really was under the mask. Sam smiled to herself, glad that nobody could tell... at least not yet. And this meant that the rest of her day would be super easy. She logged into Facebook and Twitter and rooted around; if anyone was going to blather about what they saw, it would be users on those websites for sure. Since she worked within a media outlet, social media was an expected part of anyone's work. More time passed than she had thought. The clock in the corner read 4:57. Before she closed out of her browser, she saw a status that made her look twice. From her coworker, Callie: #unpopularopinion I think Lightning Rider is kinda cool lol Could she be my next teammate? Sam didn't have any time to think before her group of work friends rushed over to her. \"Come on Sam, you're not really still working are ya? Let's go hit our favorite spot!\" She laughed and shut down her Chromebook, forgetting momentarily about Callie's status.[Chapter 5] Sam and her coworkers Callie, Max, and Olivia found themselves in front of Café Soleil, an art-deco styled cafe with black wire chairs and tables set out front. A few vintage movie posters graced the windows, and a hand-drawn promotion sat outside on a sandwich board. Rainy day? It's cloudy with a chance of meatballs! 20% off of your spaghetti with a forecast of rain! Sam laughed absentmindedly at Max's bad spaghetti pun, and out of the corner of her eye noticed someone familiar, someone with a shock of out-of-control brown hair enter the cafe. What was his name? Flint! It is Flint. What is he doing here ? Suddenly, she had an idea. \"Come on guys! Let's go order! We can't sit out here forever,\" she laughed. Max's dark eyes flashed mischievously. \"Oooo, did you spot a hottie?\" \"H-haha, what would make you think that? I'm just hungry! How about some more pizza?\" Sam grinned, her green eyes twinkling. Olivia didn't seem too convinced, and caught onto the game. She brushed her long dark brown hair out of her face and smirked, exchanging knowing glances with Callie. \"Alright, if you say so.\" Callie opened the door to the cafe and ushered in her friends. \"After you, ladies.\" Sam smiled and looked quizzically back at her once everyone was inside. Callie raised her fiery eyebrows and quirked her mouth, and Sam shook her head and shrugged in response. She'd have to be more discreet. \"One large spinach and sausage pizza, please! And man, I could really go for a milkshake,\" Olivia quipped at the cashier. The ponytailed cashier smiled and nodded. \"Right away, miss.\" Once their pizza arrived, Sam swiped a few pieces and looked at the group apologetically. \"Guys, can I...\" \"Girl, don't even finish that sentence. We know ,\" Max laughed. \"Just go. Good luck!\" She and Olivia waved. Callie offered an encouraging grin. \"Thanks!\" Sam took her full plate and made her way to the dimly lit corner, where Flint sat sadly nursing an Italian soda. This time, he had a companion who sat on his shoulder, a white-capped vervet monkey. Even the monkey seemed despondent. She noticed the large bruise forming on his face and squelched the feeling of guilt that rose up suddenly. \"Is... this seat taken, by any chance?\" It's a good idea to get close to him. That way I can have an easy in with Live Corp. she thought, rationalizing her decision further. He looked up at her and perked up immediately. \"H-hoh my gosh. Y-yes, I-I mean n-no. I know you!\" he exclaimed, turning red almost immediately. Sam cringed. Does he know? \"You're the new girl from WNN, Sam, uh...\" She could not have been more relieved if she tried. That damn paranoia! It had to stop overtaking her or someone really would find out! \"Sparks. I'm Sam Sparks. And you are?\" \"I'm Flint. Flint Lockwood. A-and this is Steve. It's n-nice to m-meet you. H-hoh my gosh. A real celebrity.\" \"Steve!\" Steve exclaimed. \"Oh, stop! I just tell people about the day's weather. But YOU, you made a way for that monkey to talk!\" She giggled, embarrassed. \"Would you like some of my pizza? I can't imagine you'd come here just to drink, though the Italian soda IS quite delicious.\" The brunette man suddenly decided that his cup was the most interesting thing in the world, his face turning very red. Steve's shout of \"Pizza!\" did not help his case. \"Thanks... my job at Live Corp. d-d-doesn't p-pay very much. But that Chester! He's a real nice guy! He's inspiring. I wish I could be like him.\" Flint took a bite and chewed thoughtfully, his expression wistful. After swallowing, he seemed a lot better, and took another sip of his drink. Sam decided now was a good time to drop the bomb. \"Soooo, I was wondering, are you doing anything tonight?\" she asked casually. She blinked flirtatiously at him, but that was hardly necessary. He spit out his drink immediately, blushing even more furiously than before. Don't do it , she thought. Don't date the enemy. That is bound for disaster. You were supposed to get close to him, you're getting distracted! \"Y-y-n-nooo. No. I'm not. Would you like to...?\" he responded. \"How do you feel about a movie? That new family comedy, The Wurst of Brats , opens tonight. You wanna come with?\" \"Is this a date?\" he asked, his blue eyes wide. \"I'm sorry, what?\" \"Is this a date...?\" The question was a mumble this time. \"I've just... I've never been on a date before.\" \"But WHY? You're so CUTE!\" Sam exclaimed without thinking. She blushed and pretended not to notice when pretty nearly the whole restaurant turned to look at her. The sound of the espresso bar even stopped for a second as one of the staff stared at her. Even his mouth dropped open, astonished that someone would say something like this to him. \"Anyway. Flint. Would you like to come with me and see the movie? It doesn't have to be a date if you don't want it to be.\" \"Okay! I can do that!\" He pumped his fist. \"Meet me at the Soaring Beauty theater in 20 minutes?\" \"MOVIE!\" Steve exclaimed. \"I think that's a yes.\" Flint giggled and the tension seemed to leave him. He smiled brightly at her. She placed two dollar bills on the table and stood up to leave. He stood up as well and began to follow her. Steve switched onto Flint's other shoulder. As they left, Olivia, Max, and Callie all gave Sam various gestures of approval, such as thumbs up, an a-ok sign, and right as she passed by, they hissed in unison: \" Scoooooooooorrrrreee! \" Thankfully, Flint did not hear this. Sam did, however, and she sternly put a finger to her lips.[Chapter 6] Twenty minutes wasn't much time, but Sam was there just in time for the 6:20 showing of The Wurst of Brats. Just in time, of course, meant enough time to stop by the corner store and grab a couple of candy bars. Her backpack squeaked ever so softly. Well, it had been squeaking ever since she had sat with Flint at Café Soleil, but she hadn't really noticed. It was Barry, of course, and what he was saying sort of sounded like \"N-woo\". \"Shhhh,\" Sam quietly hissed at her backpack. She peered inside the movie theater, but didn't see him inside yet. Where is he? Callie, unbeknownst to Sam, had tailed her and was now leaning casually in between the pillars of the skyscraper next door to the theater. While sweeping her landscape, Sam spotted her and waved. \"Hey, Callie! I didn't expect to see you here!\" Callie winced. The idea was not for her to be spotted, but she waved back and grinned nonetheless. Callie's dark roots and dip dyed orange hair was a perfect match for her dark red flannel short sleeved shirt. She wore brown tight-legged slacks and ankle-high boots. Her tan skin was accentuated by the flash of dark mascara over her dark brown eyes and a white beanie. She walked over to Sam and began a conversation in a whisper. On her hip was a small camera bag, shock proof for on-the-road use. \"I'm waiting here to see if I can get coverage on Lightning Rider. Have you seen any food monsters?\" she asked Sam in a hushed tone. \"No, not really... oh, I'm sorry, that's my date.\" Sam looked over and saw Flint stumbling towards them, scarf and lab coat flapping in the breeze. Callie smiled wolfishly. \"Enjoy. I'm gonna go see if -\" ROOOOAAAAARRRRR! The bellow of a creature in the distance re-answered their shared question. Sam and Callie looked at each other, wide-eyed, with Sam looking offput, if not outright horrified, and Callie with an excited grin. Flint startled and turned around, looking nervous. The creature that approached was somewhat in shape like a giant cheeseburger, with a maw of beef and cheese (plus toppings, of course) and legs of French fries. It was about twice the height of the city bus and approaching with a gait in between a skitter and a stomp. Upon spotting Flint, it hesitated, but shaking twice, seemed to reconsider with another cry, this time much closer to them. ROOOOAAAAARRRRR! The hair on all three of them blew backwards with violent force. In one decisive motion, Sam stepped in front of Flint protectively, and Callie reached for her camera bag slowly. \"Flint, run! We'll handle this!\" Sam grunted over her shoulder. Knees quaking, the inventor nodded quickly and ran into the movie theater. She swept her eyes over her surroundings again. Most people had fled from the scene, but a few remained to film with their smartphones. Dammit! I need somewhere secluded to transform. Sam dashed into the alley between the theater and the skyscraper and chanted the transforming words. \"Awaken Sunshine!\" Again the warm energy overtook her, and she quickly dropped back to the ground as Lightning Rider. And Callie was right there! How much had she seen? She was shaken. \"Y-you can't tell anyone at work. Please!\" Callie simply responded \"I KNEW it!\" as she pulled out a wand of her own, this one with a flame on one end. She, too, transformed and became Flame Rider. \"Let's do this... together!\" Flame Rider was dressed in a camisole of red, where sequined flames danced up the sides, and fiery tulle. She had white laced boots, and in place of a cape like Sam had, a short jacket with a smoke pattern. At her throat rested a thin choker with a ruby at its center. Sam and Callie rushed back out to an audience of audible gasps. \"It's Lightning Rider!\" she heard someone shout. \"Who's that with her? She looks so cool!\" Callie flashed her teeth and her eyes twinkled. \"Nice, I have fans already.\" Sam rolled her eyes playfully. \"Whatever, let's just stop this cheesespider from wrecking New York.\" She was met with a look of disbelief. \"I thought the idea wasn't to harm the food monsters?\" \"No! But we need to stop her from destroying things. I'm... not sure how we want to go about this.\" Quick-thinking Callie had an idea. \"If we encase her in a large, but controlled, ring of fire, she'll be too intimidated to go anywhere outside it! After that, I have no idea... but let's get there first.\" Sam nodded quickly with a rapid \"uh huh\" and leaped into formation, adding, \"I think I can enhance any magic you or the others put out, well, that is, when they join us.\" Flame Rider raised her wand and a flame began to dance from the tip. It encircled the creature, but not too tightly. It grumbled in response and settled onto its haunches. But another noise could be heard alongside the growl of the cheesespider. A piercing yelp! Sam smacked herself on the forehead. So much for being off the clock! \"Is that your boyfriend?\" Callie raised an eyebrow at her teammate. She gasped a little as she realized what company he was with. \"That's a bad plan, Sam. But you know that, don't you?\" Sam grimaced and shrugged awkwardly in response. Another yell interrupted their conversation, and they both turned to look. Though the cheesespider seemed fine for now, Flint's butt appeared to be singed. He shook it off quickly, though, and hit a button that had been hidden in the strap of his backpack. A loud buzzing ensued as jets appeared out of the bottom. As he rose (rather noisily) into the air, a determined look washed over his face. \"Lightning Rider, I won't let you win again! You can't endanger the world like this!\" Flint shouted. He took out an ice gun and pointed it at the creature with a look of mixed fear and apprehension. \"Don't do it! You don't know what you're doing!\" Sam shouted as she leapt up using the power of the wand-granted wind magic. The ice gun had been flipped on and it had begun to whir while pointed at the cheesespider. Thinking quickly, Sam spun and swung her fist. But this time, he dodged! She blinked in shock and stumbled forward on the roof. Even Flint had started panting, eyes wide. He furrowed his eyebrows even further this time and shakily pointed the ice gun at her. \"It just freezes you, but... I have... I have to stop you.\" Sam closed her eyes and thought of a tornado. The wind around them, previously a small breeze, began to pick up and expanded to a man-sized tornado. It was in fact big enough to sweep Flint away, him screaming as he fought to escape the swirling winds. She now turned her attention to the cheesespider, who had grumbled \"Ennnnnhhhhh... Wwwwoooooooo.\"[Chapter 7] Sam hadn't had any idea what the cheesespider was uttering, but she had no time to think too deeply on it. Her now-enemy had landed somewhat safely on top of a nearby pharmacy, and it was only a matter of time before he found his way down and trying to harm this creature again. \"Flame Rider, hurry!\" \"I'm WAY ahead of you! Get your weather magic ready, please!\" Callie positioned her arms in front of her, and swirled her wand with this movement. The flames opened a small gateway for the cheesespider to leave the encirclement through. Sam immediately picked up on what Callie was trying to do. She pictured another tornado, and then another one, in her mind, then lifted her wand once again to aim for the circle of fire. A path formed, bordered by flames, that headed to the nearest park. As the creature ventured with shaky steps, Callie and Sam gently jogged beside it, coaxing it along. \"C'mon, c'mon, that's a good critter! C'mon! There you go!\" Sam cooed. The cheesespider finally rustled its way into the trees surrounding the nearby park. Sam and Callie leaned on their knees, huffing and panting. At this point, the large crowd had grown bored and there were no longer eyes on them, so they both de-transformed. Sam jerked up suddenly after a couple of minutes. \"I have to go back! I'm sorry, Cal. But Flint is the last person whom I want to know my secret identity. I'm sure you'd understand.\" Callie nodded, and the blonde dashed off before she had a chance to cross her arms and shake her head, a teasing smile dancing on her lips. There was no need to worry for Sam, though. There was no sign of Flint when she returned to the movie theater. Several hours had passed, so The Wurst of Brats was out of the question. Clouds rolled in, and rain began to drip hesitantly, then thundered down after several minutes. Sam cursed and backed under the stoop of the theater. Finally, in the thinning crowds and sea of umbrellas, she spotted a familiar, messy-haired face. As Flint limped towards her, he made a few pathetic-sounding sneezes. Sam's heart lurched with guilt, and a million different solutions for the situation that had already passed rushed through her mind. \"Hey... what's the matter?\" Sam asked. She tried, and failed, to sound innocent of his current plight. However, he seemed to be too sick to notice, fighting back another sneeze with a loud sniffle. \"I dink I might be sick with a cowd,\" he answered. \"S-sorry... I dink the mowvie might be off. I'd love to go, but -\" Flint sneezed again. \"I have to go home.\" Sam grimaced. \"You can't go home in that condition,\" she said softly. \"Why don't you come home with me... I can brew you some tea and you can warm up.\" Flint's already red face turned even redder with a blush. \"I c-can't do dat.\" Sam grasped his hands desperately. \"Please.\" A sad \"N-woo\" came from her backpack. She ignored this. \"Please come home with me. I want to make you feel better.\" Flint finally relented as Steve sneezed too. \"Okay, fine... I'll do it.\" Barb, watching from the alley, shook her head to herself and huffed. No good can come of this , she thought to herself. No, no good at all.[Chapter 8] \"My apartment isn't too far from here. Are you up for walking 14 blocks?\" Sam turned and asked Flint. He tried to look brave, but his face twisted with distaste at the idea of walking that far in all this rain. \"What about under my umbrella?\" she asked, shaking out the aforementioned object and flapping it open. The wild-haired inventor took a grateful but hesitant shuffle-step under the umbrella with Sam, and they began the walk to her apartment. \"So...what happened to you? I couldn't find you after I took cover inside the theater, too,\" Sam lied. Flint turned suddenly stony. \"I don't wanna talk about it,\" then, relenting, he added with a cough, \"I had to work some overtime but got my butt kicked by… by Lightning Rider.\" \"Ouch, I'm sorry.\" She really was genuinely sorry that she had hurt him so badly. She got the feeling that, if it weren't for his connections to Live Corp, he wouldn't hurt a fly. After a minute of careful introspection, she finally said, \"So, what do you like to do in your spare time?\" It was as if a light switch had been flipped on. \"Oh, I make… invent stuff! Like these boots! They're made of a high-process…\" \"Polymer adhesive,\" Sam finished breathlessly. \"And… and… and the Monkey Thought Translator! And I invent stuff at work all the time too!\" Sam squeezed Flint as she picked him up and swung him around, him being surprisingly light. \"Oh, Flint, you're amazing!\" she laughed. As Flint landed he scratched his neck absentmindedly and sneezed again. \"It's no big deal.\" He averted his gaze as another blush overtook him. \"No big deal, no way! This stuff is amazing!\" \"You should come out to my lab sometime. I'd love to show it to you.\" \"I'd love to come!\" At this point they were at Sam's doorstep. She fished out her keys and unlocked the door. As it swung open, Flint took a pensive step back and sneezed again. Sam took his hand and tugged. \"You've already come this far. C'mon… let's get you some dry clothes.\" He could hardly argue with this. His lab coat was sopping, not to mention the rest of his outfit underneath. His boots shined with the wetness of the rain, and he sneezed yet again. \"Th-thanks,\" he said. \"Where's the bathroom?\" \"Down the hall, to your left. Sorry about the mess,\" she said, stepping over a stack of meteorology magazines. While Flint dried off in the bathroom, Sam dug through her dresser until she was able to fish out a Cornell University sweatshirt and some sweatpants. She was sure they'd fit him; while she was slight, he seemed to be even slighter and not quite her height. She tried, and failed, not to think about the strange man in her bathroom, and she felt her face heat up as she knocked on the door and placed the pile in his outreached hand. There was then a knock at the door. \"Coming!\" Sam shouted. Outside a woman about Sam's age shuffled shyly. She had dark skin and even darker hair, pulled back into one big poof of a ponytail. She wore brown overalls over a floral top, and grey sneakers. When she saw Sam, her eyes widened. \"Are you...are you Lightning Rider?\" she whispered. Sam nodded quickly, trying not to attract Flint's attention. However, he was still in the bathroom, so she had nothing to fear. \"I'm Tonya,\" she said, \"and I think… I think I'm supposed to be your next teammate. You see, I live down the hall from you. We're neighbors! And I'm, um, I'm Earth Rider. It's nice to meet you.\" \"It's nice to meet you Tonya… Earth Rider.\" Sam smiled warmly. \"But - \" \"Sorry I took so long in the bathroom,\" Flint said, coming out. \"I had to dry off Steve, too. Oh, do you have a guest? I can leave…\" Tonya put her hands behind her back. \"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you had company.\" \"No, no, no,\" Sam said suddenly. \"Flint, this is Tonya, my neighbor, Tonya, Flint, my… my date. Why don't you both stay? We can watch a movie together.\" The three of them plopped on Sam's couch with Sam in the middle as she grabbed her smartphone. \"I've got Netflix,\" she said, \"What do you guys wanna watch?\" \"Sci fi is my favorite,\" Flint piped up. \"I like action and horror,\" Tonya said. \"Peanut butter!\" Steve shrieked. Sam thought for a moment. \"Let's split the difference. How about a sci fi thriller?\" \"Sure!\" \"Yeah, that sounds good.\" She thumbed through the list for a moment, then flipped on the TV. \"Guardians of the Galaxy, anyone?\" \"YES!\" Tonya pumped her fist in excitement. \"I...I've never seen it. Is it any good?\" \"Is it - is it GOOD? Flint, it's… just watch, okay? It's great, I promise.\"[Chapter 9] Sam went into work the next day feeling refreshed. The double date had heightened her already-high spirits, and to top things off, she'd gotten a free upgrade on her caramel latte that morning. Nothing could get in her way! Her supervisor, a pale, prim woman with dyed grey hair, dressed in a blazer and slacks over a floral top, couldn't help but smile as she gave that morning's direction. \"Sam, would you please go run this paperwork to our new designer?\" Sam grinned in response. \"Sure, Kate!\" She even hummed a little tune while going down the hall to the design office. She poked her head inside. \"Andi, right?\" A woman of East Asian descent Sam's age with bright blue chin-length hair, dressed in a suit and tie turned around. When she saw Sam with the papers, she smiled. \"Ah, thank you Sam.\" As Sam turned to walk out, she spotted something that looked suspiciously like a blue wand below Andi's chair. She bent down to pick it up. \"Is this y–\" Andi quickly snatched it out of her grasp. \"Ah, my PEN! Hahahahahahaaaa! Thanks! See ya!\" She stood and pushed Sam out of the office, then shut the door behind her. Well, that happened, Sam thought to herself. Meanwhile, Flint was hard at work making repairs on his newest invention in his cubicle at Live Corp, the invisible coffee table. He hadn't quite gotten it to stay together just yet, though hunting for loose screws was a bit of a do. \"Meatballs!\" Flint swore under his breath as he hunted on hands and knees for the missing screws. He'd never get above the Junior Inventor position if he couldn't even get a simple thing like a coffee table to stay together! \"Young Lockwood, don't waste time hunting for tiny pieces when you could be doing something great!\" The booming command came from none other than Chester, the CEO and Flint's number one idol, who had rounded the corner to see what his subordinates were up to. \"Right, sir, o-of course!\" He stood abruptly and made a quick salute before returning to his desk. He smiled shyly to himself as he mulled over Chester's words. Chester thinks I can do something great! he thought. I better not let him down. \"Young Lockwood.\" \"Y-yes?\" \"There is to be a practice run interview from a new weather reporter, and I want you, yes, you , to take part in that.\" Flint's jaw dropped. \"Wow sir, I-I don't know what to say.\" \"Just be ready for it. And please do quit stuttering.\" \"Y-yes sir!\" He puffed his chest up with pride. As soon as Chester had walked away, Flint grabbed his custom-built smartphone and texted Sam. Guess who's got an interview with the local news station? It's me! A few minutes passed by. \"Flint, you have a text!\" his phone cried. He fumbled with the phone and put it on silent, looking around hurriedly to make sure nobody had noticed (and they hadn't). Of course I know that, silly. Guess who would be interviewing you? Flint felt his face turn red. Anyway, are you up for a … He thought for a moment before sending the rest of the text. ... nother activity tonight? We could go for ice cream? This reply came much more rapidly. Of course! The day came and went quickly, seeming as fast as milk could be poured into Flint's double soy mocha latte. Sam knocked on the large industrial door, her colleague the cameraman Manny by her side. She shivered a bit; this was not her first time inside these walls, would likely not be the last, and she hoped to God nobody recognized her… \"Ahhh, Miss Sparks, come right inside!\" Chester greeted her. She couldn't help but feel that he sounded familiar. Of course , she thought, he's only the most famous scientist alive today . But she couldn't shake the feeling that he sounded even more familiar to her than that. She tried her best to put the thought aside seeing that he hadn't made any moves against her, even so much as a side-eye. Perhaps he wasn't so familiar after all. \"H-hi Sam.\" The familiar form of Flint, her… gosh, he is my boyfriend isn't he? brightened her mood immensely. His sheepish wave caused her to giggle in response, which she quickly stifled. \"Hey there Flint!\" she cheerfully cried. \"Manny, are you ready?\" \"As I'll ever be,\" came the reply. \"Hi America, Sam Sparks here with Weather News Network. Many of our viewers are concerned about Live Corp and its interaction with the surrounding climate. Flint, what can you tell me about Live Corp's effect on the environment? How is the company you're with making steps to combat the negative effects from such industrialization?\" Flint stood straighter, any trace of nervousness gone. His answer was smooth, quick, and ready. \"Well Sam, we're taking lots of steps to combat the footprint left by industrialization we produce. For one, we recycle a lot of our reusable goods, which can impact how much waste we leave behind. Furthermore…\" he continued, and Sam had to try not to let her jaw drop open. What a personality change! She loved this confidence he exuded when talking about science, and her favorite science in particular: meteorology and environmental science. Andi sat at her desk and twiddled with her wand. She munched on a handful of popcorn and pocketed the magic item. Where was Lightning Rider? How would she know who she could trust with her secret? \"Sam, that was great work!\" Kate exclaimed when she made her return. \"The boss was originally going to ask someone else to do the interview for real, but you did wonderfully and he wants to use your footage instead! Can you go run down to Andi again and ask if she'll whip up a banner for you?\" Sam pumped her fist. \"YES! Thanks, Kate!\" \"Oh, Sam, you dropped your…\" But Sam was already gone. \"Your pen.\" Kate leant down to pick up the lightning rod wand. She eyed it closer, and took out a similar rod from her inside pocket. She let the two roll openly in her hand before pocketing both. Hers was simple and silver, and twinkled in the flourescent light of the office. \"Hmmm, interesting,\" she mused aloud. She knew she'd have to return the wand to Sam secretively. Now she just had to think of a way to do it… Sam knocked on Andi's door. \"Hey, it's me, Sam!\" she yelled through the door. The door opened quickly. \"What's up?\" \"Boss asked me to ask you for a banner.\" \"Oh, of COURSE! Give me a few minutes and I'll have that ready for you.\" While she was waiting (Andi had a template she'd created ready exactly for this purpose, after all), Sam felt for her pockets, panicked. \"Have you seen my… my pen?\" she asked. Andi dropped her mouse and turned away from the monitor, stone-faced. \" You're Lightning Rider? I feel like such an idiot…\" \"No, no, don't! I mean, I have to keep it a secret. Please don't tell…\" Sam's voice dropped off as Andi pulled out her wand to show her. \"Ohhhhh! You're Wave Rider. That explains so much.\" Andi grinned, then turned serious again. \"We have to find your wand.\"[Chapter 10] Sam nodded briskly. \"Of course.\" Heading back to her workspace, she thought first she'd ask her coworkers. \"Have you guys seen my pen?\" Mac, Kiana, and Faith exchanged glances with each other, and quickly surveyed the floor before looking back to their team-mate. \"No,\" they answered in unison. Kate walked back into the room. \"You mean this pen?\" she asked, pressing a rod into Sam's palm. Her team-mates had since turned back to their own workspaces to get back to work. \"Oh, yes! I mean…\" Sam looked at it more closely. A silver star twinkled at the top, and silver glinted throughout the rod. This wasn't hers! But it would belong… to Wind Rider. Kate saw Sam's expression and offered hers, smiling softly. \"I'll trade you.\" \"Thanks.\" Sam logged into Facebook on her phone and invited Kate and Andi to a groupchat she'd created. Ping! Sam read over her text before sending it. Now we have a way to communicate when things go wrong . Like when you date an enemy henchman? Should you call us when you two smooch? Callie's wise-cracks never ceased, even in text. The chorus of you what? s and no way! s was enough to send Sam's phone into convulsions. Very funny, Cal . Sam's face reddened at the thought of smooching Flint. Miss Sparks, you know the rules about texting at work. You too, Callie, Andi . Kate, as it turns out, was a very dry texter. Sorry. Will do. My bad . Sam sighed and put her phone down. The preview clip of her interview had landed in her inbox, anyway… Her phone vibrated again. Sam glanced over her shoulder, then picked it up hesitantly. I have to go round up some huge potato creatures. Wish me luck! \"Um.\" She quickly flipped over to the groupchat. Guys, Flint just let me know he's going to round up some food creatures. We gotta go… now! Kate turned and looked at her. Let's all meet at the café near the news station. Tonya, are you close enough? Yeah. Let's do this! Once all five Riders had transformed, they ran straight for Live Corp.'s headquarters. \"I have an idea,\" Tonya said. \"Let's catch up to the potato critters, then set off the fire alarm. Everyone will have no choice but to evacuate. The distraction should allow us to guide them out easily.\" Andi nodded. \"That sounds like a good idea.\" Sam bobbed her head in agreement, as well. \"Let's do this then, guys.\" It took several tries off the elevator before they finally found Flint and the hippotatomuses. Luckily, once they found what floor they were on, the large group was an easy target. However, he'd had the good sense to hit the security alarm once he spotted them. Apprehended by a group of vested guards, they were wrestled off the floor they were on back into the elevator, and back onto the first floor, before they were able to non-violently strike back and escape. Flint had taken off running, and Callie swore under her breath. \"Crab-cakes!\" They'd caught up to him in the main elevator shaft. Because of the fire alarms they'd set off, the floor was not visible, hidden under several inches of water. Soaking wet, he stood atop a catwalk several dozen feet above them, laughing in true mad scientist fashion. \"You won't be able to endanger the city now!\" he cried. Several hippotatomuses were clustered behind him, huddled together in fear. However, because of their weight, the catwalk bent dangerously and creaked with every step. Andi looked quickly at Sam, whose eyes were locked on Flint, or rather his feet. She dared not cry out for him, though, not wanting to further erode the trust her team-mates had in her. Abruptly, the catwalk snapped, sending him down, down, down. \"Aaaauuuuugghhhhh!\" \"Flint!\" Sam leaped up quickly and caught him, cradling his body carefully in her arms. She alighted down much more gently than his unbroken fall would have, but he'd still fainted from the shock. \"The enemy has been neutralized,\" Kate announced to the team. \"Let's go save the foodimals!\" Tonya cried. At her words, the four Riders rushed out of the enormous elevator shaft, doubtless to rush up the stairs after the hippotatomuses. Sam set Flint gently down into the water. She set him up so that his head was between his knees, and within minutes she had him gasping and awake. As soon as he realized what had happened, he leapt up and back, away from Sam. With no weapons, he held up his hands, ready to fight if he had to. \"A thank you would be nice.\" Sam remarked with some amount of venom. Flint grabbed his arm self-consciously and looked away. \"Thanks for saving me, Lightning Rider. I know you must hate me by now. You kinda have to.\" \"You want to know I feel about you? Do you really want to know?\" Sam asked, a bit of anger still in her voice. Flint swallowed. \"Y-yeah. I-I-I guess I – whoa!\" She'd grabbed the lapels of his labcoat and yanked him closer until their noses were touching. He blushed. He'd never been this close to anyone before… Her lips locked onto his suddenly, and he was so taken aback his eyes widened, though her own were closed, eyebrows furrowed. He closed his own eyes and relaxed a bit, which she took as an opportunity to deepen the kiss. When finally they broke, Flint jumped away, gasping again for air, face red, and lips a bit swollen. \"Lightning Rider…\" he gasped. \"Y-y-you c-can't… I have a g-g-girlfriend.\" ","Summary":" Hello, everyone! It's me, Claude again! Yes, I know I should upload an update to Planet of the Pies"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Love in the Ice","Author":"Fanlover14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9270695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello Fellow Readers. I am doing a story that I actually had a dream about after a favorite movie of mine! Day After Tomorrow! Because who doesn't like being in another ice age? I mean come on, it's epic! This may not be as good or good at all as my other stories but I'm gonna try anyway. Anyways, please enjoy and review. I don't own the rights or characters to DAT. Kyle stood there, eyes glued to the sky as the snow kept pummeling the city around him. His eyes stung in the cold, as he walked back and forth on the roof of the building Kyle had managed to make it into only days before before a massive tidal wave washed away much of what he knew of this world. Now, bundled up in many layers of clothing he walked to stay warm. With only one level of the building not underwater now, he had decided to make his way to the roof and take shelter. Only a few days ago he had witnessed many survivors taking to the now frozen over water of the city streets and began making their way out towards Brooklyn. Kyle stood there as the cold icy air bit into his skin, trying his hardest to see as far as he could into the snowstorm. Walking towards the edge Kyle looked down into the alleyway separating him from the library. All he could make out was the dark shapes of cars that had been washed up into the alleyway, he turned away knowing all too well that there was bodies inside. Kyle felt as hot tears began to well up in his eyes as he knelled down and wrapped his arms around himself. Turning his head slightly that's when he noticed it, a small dim light moving around in one of the libraries upper windows. \"It can't be...survivors!\" Kyle yelled, his voice muffled from the pounding snow. Getting up, Kyle walked to the edge of the building and looked into the other, he could clearly see through the falling snow a moving beam of light. Stepping back, he saw the ledge of the library was big enough to stand on. \"Now or never!\" he yelled, before running full speed towards the ledge, leaping over the alleyway and onto the library. Instantly gripping onto the side, pressing his body and face against the cold stone. \"Shit, shit, shit!\" he muttered softly, starting to shimmy towards the window. When fully in front of the glass, Kyle leaned his head back and threw his fist into the glass, shattering it instantly. Drawing his hand back in pain, Kyle saw that big glass shards had managed to cut into his gloves. \"Goddammit!\" he yelled. After recovering from the initial shock of pain, Kyle crouched down and jumped into the room, as cold if not colder as the storm outside. Looking around him, Kyle saw glass shards everywhere as he pulled the glove off, blood dripping steadily from his fingers and wrist. \"Fuck, how the hell am I going to fix this!\" he yelled silently under my breath. Standing up, he could hear the crunch of glass as he stepped towards the doorway, till Kyle suddenly heard voices close by. Silently stepping towards the wall he pressed his body firmly against it as he grabbed the doorknob with his hand and slowly turned it, careful not to make noise. Opening it slightly he looked down a dark hallway, the only light coming from the occasional window. That's when he noticed three tall dark figures walking around, a flashlight in their hands. Accidentally slipping on some ice on the floor, Kyle let out a yelp as he grabbed onto the wall for support. \"Goddammit!\" Kyle yelled, pain shooting up his arm as he realized he had used his bad hand. Looking up, that's when Kyle saw the beam of light shine right into his eyes as he stumbled backwards, hearing as three pairs of feet ran into the room, and then a pair of arms wrapping around him as he stumbled backwards, catching him. Opening his eyes, all Kyle could see was spots of light as he felt himself being lowered to the floor gently. \"I knew I heard glass shatter down this hall!\" A woman said. \"A survivor! How can it be?! We saw everyone leave a few days ago!\" A deep voiced male said a bit farther off. \"He's hurt! His hand is bleeding, and his forehead feels freezing to the touch! We gotta get him to the others quickly! Don't worry, were gonna help you!\" A man said comfortingly, picking Kyle up. Kyle felt as they all ran out of the room and down the hallway. After losing so much blood, Kyle felt himself growing increasingly dizzy as he felt himself being carried up stairs and then ran down a hallway once more. Turning his head to the side, Kyle could lightly make out a door with light shining underneath, and soon he heard as one of strangers opened the doorway and lead him into the room, setting him down beside a fireplace on a couch. Kyle could hear gasps of shock and hushed voices as he saw more figures crowd around him. \"Give him some room! He's injured! J.D get me some water! Laura get me something to cover his hand! Hurry guys hurry!\" Kyle heard the comforting voice yell out. Before long Kyle felt as someone dabbed a warm cloth to his forehead and then someone began wrapping his hand. \"AH!\" Kyle yelled out in pain, trying to squirm away only to feel a pair of hands hold him down as he continued to feel someone wrap his bleeding hand. \"It's okay, it's okay! I'm just wrapping it so you don't lose to much blood.\" He heard the same voice say. Kyle tensed his body up as the pain continued to shoot up his arm and down his spine, but stopped squirming around. Soon he felt as the wrapping stopped and he opened his eyes again, the spots almost gone from being blinded earlier. Kyle could see there was a whole group of people surrounding him, staring at him like he was some kinda lost treasure. \"W-who are you guys?\" Kyle managed to stutter out. Kneeling in front of him was a young man, probably 18-19 years old. He had light blue eyes with messy brown hair that was spiked up. \"Hi my names Sam Hall.\" the young man said. \"And my names Laura!\" Said a energetic woman with long brown hair, smiling down at you. \"My names Brian.\" Said a annoyed looking man with glasses and a skull cap. \"And my names J.D.\" Said a older looking teen, the tallest of them all. \"My names K-Kyle. Thank you for helping me out. You don't know how good it feels to see other people alive!\" Kyle said, smiling down at the others. Eventually the rest of the group went around and told them their names as well, Kyle listening intently as they all told their story of how they got trapped in the library. \"Come on guys, lets all let him rest. I'm sure he's had enough excitement for today.\" Sam said to the others, who all nodded and went about their business, leaving Sam beside Kyle. Kyle watched as Sam kept pressing a damp cloth to his forehead wetting his blonde hair, smiling down at him tenderly. \"Your still really pale, do you feel alright?\" Sam said worriedly. \"Just a bit dizzy is all, and besides my hand I feel fine. Still a bit cold though.\" Kyle said back, smiling that someone was showing concern for him. \"Well, hopefully this fireplace heats you up quickly. Sorry about your hand though, I didn't mean to cause you further pain.\" Sam said, looking down to the cloth covering Kyle's hand. \"It's okay, I'm just glad I found all of you. I was stuck on that roof for what seems like forever. It got so cold and lonely.\" Kyle said, looking up at the ceiling as he thought about the past few days. \"Well now you have us. We will look out for ya!\" Sam said cheerfully, squeezing Kyle's good hand causing him to smile. \"Well sleep for now, tomorrow we will get you better acquainted.\" Same said softly, earning a nod form Kyle. Kyle watched as Sam got up and walked over to the others, laying his head back down, Kyle was happy to let a deep sleep come to him. So I'm not sure how I did! But please review and let me know if you think I should continue this! :D[Chapter 2] Another chapter to Love in the Ice is here! I know this story let alone this movie isn't popular much anymore but I've always wanted to write about it. So please review and tell me what you all think! Enjoy! I also do not own any rights to DAT or it's characters. Kyle's eyes fluttered open slightly as he looked up at the ceiling, the only light coming from the fireplace as he turned his head to see everyone was asleep. Kyle could see that nightfall had come as he turned his head to the windows and saw nothing but darkness outside and the faint image of black silhouettes of buildings. Slowly Kyle turned the covers back as he sat up on the couch, stretching his stiff arms as best as he could. Standing up he could see that everyone had made their own little pallet on the floor or chairs, all of which were in close proximity of the burning fireplace. Making his way to the window Kyle soon regretted leaving the warm comfort of the fireplace as he felt the air grow colder extremely quick. Pressing a hand to the window, Kyle noticed no fog was forming around his finger tips as he began to realize just how cold it truly was. He looked out into the eternal darkness that was once Manhattan, the city that never sleeps was now slumbering indefinitely. \"Can't sleep?\" came a voice behind him, causing him to slightly jump as he quickly turned to see Sam standing there, a blanket held up across his shoulders as it draped across his body. \"How long was I out?\" Kyle asked, rubbing his arms slightly as Sam came up next to him and looked out the window himself. \"Not sure, I've kinda lost track of time since my watch quit working a few days ago. But if I had to say, I'd say about twelve hours give or take. We tried waking you a few times but you were so dug in that you just kept sleeping.\" Sam said, his eyes scanning the darkness for something. \"Whoa, I haven't slept so soundly in quiet awhile. I couldn't really take time to sleep in the other building, I was always afraid I wouldn't wake up if I closed my eyes. Is it strange I'm still tired? Kyle jokingly said, earning a small smile from Sam who laughed lightly. \"Nah, the last few days have been tiring for us as well. Of course we have tried making the best of what we can. Your the first survivor we have seen in days, after finding you it kinda lifted our spirits somewhat. In all honesty it's hard holding on to hope now...but I haven't given up yet. My father said he would come for us, and I believe he will.\" Sam said, turning his head to look at Kyle who was listening intently. \"Your father is coming?\" said Kyle quizzically, raising a eyebrow at the mere thought of someone trekking through all this. \"My father is a paleoclimatologist, he was one of the first ones to predict this happening. I talked to him briefly after the tidal wave hit, he promised me he would come for me and the rest of us.\" Sam said quietly, looking away once more towards the windows. \"Are you and your dad close?\" Kyle said, turning his head as well to look out into the frozen wasteland that was once his home. \"I'm not sure what we are honestly. Growing up my dad was always gone for months on end because of his work. I don't have many memories of him being there as I grew up...I think that's one of the main reasons we are so distant from each other now.\" Sam said sadly, a look of hurt clear on his face as Kyle turned his gaze towards him. \"I'm sorry Sam, I know how you feel somewhat. Me and my mother are the same way, never really been close much. I moved out a few months ago when I turned 18 after a dispute my mother and I had.\" Kyle said, placing a reassuring hand on Sam's shoulder to which he smiled at warmly. \"So...if you don't mind me asking how did you end up here? Obviously we found you, but before that.\" said Sam questioningly. Kyle in turn looked out the window as it all came back to him, those dreadful moments leading up to the wave. \"Well, I was getting ready to get out of Manhattan to head to Maryland where my grandmother lives. All my stuff was packed up and ready to go in my apartment and I ran out real quick for something, ya know I can't even remember what it was I was going out to get, seems so unimportant now. But I got caught in the rain and was trying to wade through the streets to find higher ground. That's when I noticed a lot of people were running and getting out of their cars, and I turned and saw the surge of water so I instantly kicked into panic mode and ran into the nearest building I could find. I barely made it up the stairwell before the water blasted through the doors and washed in. After checking room by room I eventually found out I had actually been the only person to make it into the building, there was no one else inside. I found a closest and found a bunch of coats to bundle up in thankfully. Days seemed to past, I scavenged what I could find in what I presumed to be a employee lounge. I eventually made my way up to the roof when I noticed the water had gotten higher and was freezing over, and a day later I found you guys. I don't even know how my grandmother is doing, I'm sure my mother is fine she lived farther south in Miami.\" Kyle said, reaching a hand up to wipe the tears forming in his eyes. \"Hey, it's okay to cry. No one will judge you, at least I won't.\" said Sam who stepped closer to Kyle and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. \"Thanks, my grandmother means everything to me. She lived in a group home outside of Baltimore, I talked to her the night before everything happened. I just hope she is okay, if anything happen to her I-\" Kyle was soon cut off by two arms pulling him into a warm hug, as the tears began to pour from his eyes as he silently cried into Sam's shoulder. \"It's okay, everything is going to be okay.\" Sam said reassuringly, rubbing Kyle's back slowly as he felt the shorter male cry into him. He lifted a hand and laced his fingers through Kyle's dark blonde hair and gently began to rub the back of his back and head. After a few minutes Kyle's crying came to a close as he sniffled softly and stepped back from Sam's grip. Unbeknown to Kyle was the small frown Sam gave at the fact Kyle was no longer in his arms, Sam wouldn't outright admit it to himself or anyone else, but there was something about Kyle he was drawn to. Sam watched as Kyle dabbed his green eyes and looked once more out the window, raising a hand to the cold glass. \"You alright now?\" Sam said, worried about the teen in front of him as he continued to watch a few lone tears fall down Kyle's face. \"Yea...I'll be okay. Thank you for that Sam, you really are a genuine person.\" said Kyle, turning to gaze into the light blue eyes that were staring at him. \"Here, lets go warm up some in front of the fire and see if we can get some more sleep before dawn. It's not like we have to wake up at a certain time, as long as the fire's stocked.\" Sam playfully scoffed as he lifted a arm up for Kyle. Kyle walked over and let Sam wrap his arm around his shoulder as he draped the thick blanket across him as well. They walked over to the couch and both sat down quietly, trying to avoid waking anyone up. Although Kyle relaxed into the soft but firm fabric of the couch, he found it ten times as more relaxing with Sam's arm around his shoulder. Kyle had never been against showing affection towards men, he had always considered himself very open minded to anything, but this felt different, it felt like he had known Sam for a long time even though they had only met not even twenty four hours ago. He smiled as the two of them sat there, each of them talking about random topics, even getting into how much both of them despised their calculus teacher. Before long Sam noticed that Kyle was starting to yawn more and more as he watched the others eyes begin to slowly close, before he could do anything Sam felt as Kyle's head rested on his shoulder and he snuggled up to him instinctively. Sam smiled as he laid his head back against the couch and thought back to how they both opened up to each other earlier, he had never opened up to anyone so much in his life. After taking one last glance at the sleeping form of Kyle, Sam leaned his head back once more and let a restful sleep take him. Thus this marks the end of a great chapter I believe! I hope you all enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed writing it for you! Please review![Chapter 3] Chapter Three is here! Enjoy my wonderful readers! And please review! Anyways, on with the greatness! Also I do not own the rights to DAT or its characters. Light filtered through the windows of the library as snow pounded furiously at the city of New York. Surrounding the library was what once was the bustling streets of Manhattan, now reduced to nothing but frozen rivers coursing through the city like icy veins. Inside the building, Sam slowly began to wake up as he turned his head every few minutes from side to side. Yawning slightly Sam instinctively snuggled closer to the warm body that was pressed against him. \"Sam?\" came Laura's voice close by, causing Sam to open his eyes slightly as he saw her standing there in front of him. It took him a minute to realize what she was looking at with a raised eyebrow when Sam suddenly remembered that Kyle was snuggled up to him. \"Oh! Hey, you're awake!\" said Sam, suddenly raising his arms as he pretended to stretch. Kyle's eyes stretched open as he saw himself leaning onto Sam's body, suddenly jumping back as if it were the scariest thing he had came across. \"Yea I'm awake, I was going to ask you for your help carrying more books up from downstairs to burn.\" Laura said, eying the two guys in front of her oddly. \"Oh, yea that's fine!\" Sam said a little to excitedly trying to avert the attention away from what Laura had just seen, not that he was entirely ashamed of it. \"You don't mind do you?\" said Sam, turning to look at Kyle. \"Nah, it's alright. I'll just stay here and get better acquainted with everyone else. You two go ahead.\" Kyle said calmly, not wanting to show his disappointment. Sam smiled down at Kyle quickly before getting up and turning towards the doorway, trying to avoid Laura's gaze for the time being. Sam exited the room and was quickly overpowered by the freezing air as he drew his arms up around his sides, shivering slightly. \"Still hard to believe we found him isn't it?\" Laura said softly, turning her gaze to Sam as she brushed some of her long hair behind her ear. \"Yea it is, I thought for sure we would have been the only one's left after everyone decided the leave. Guess I was wrong, guess we all were.\" Sam said, still trying to keep his gaze away from Laura's for the time being until he felt enough time had passed. The last thing he wanted was a bombardment of questions as to why he was cuddled close to the new guy. As they both turned to walk down a stairwell, Sam began to wonder if this was how it was going to be from now on. His world had changed completely in the last few days, now all he was left with was wondering if he would ever get any kind of normality back to it. He grew increasingly tired seeing the snow continuing to pile up outside, feeling the freezing chill on his face as he drifted to sleep at night, and wondering if he would ever see his mother or father again. Everyone looked up to Sam as the leader of their small group now, always going to him for answers. If only they could see how he was on the inside, but he would never let them see the fact that he was hanging onto hope by only a few threads. He needed to keep his spirit and strength up, or else the group could end up losing hope and faith themselves. Sam could still hear those haunting last words of his father echoing in his head before the mezzanine had completely flooded, was his father truly coming for them...and if he was, would he even make it? Would these be the last few weeks of his life, trapped in a New York library slowly freezing to death and hoping for a way out? All these questions began to swamp Sam's mind as they reached a study room of the libraries. \"Sam? Did you hear me?\" he heard Laura say a bit more loudly that usual as they stopped in the doorway. \"Huh? What?\" said Sam, turning his gaze to Laura who was once again staring at him with a questioning look. \"I asked you if everything was okay, you looked troubled for a few minutes and wouldn't answer any of my questions.\" Laura said in return, standing at the doorway of the study room. \"Oh, yea I'm fine. Just a little hungry is all, been thinking how much I'm going to enjoy a warm cooked meal once my father finds us.\" Sam said, hoping that Laura wouldn't see through his lie as he walked over and began grabbing books. \"Tell me about it, I'd kill for a burger and fries right now.\" said Laura, laughing as she joined Sam in book collecting. \"But Sam, I do have a question for you.\" she said, still piling books up in her hands. \"What is it?\" asked Sam, raising a eyebrow as he turned his gaze over to Laura who stopped grabbing books and looked down solemnly. \"It's about your father...do you really think he will make it?\" she said, slowly tracing her fingers across the letters on the book cover closest to her. \"Yes, he said he would come and that's what he is going to do. He made a promise, and this time I know he meant it.\" Sam said, turning his to look at her straight on as he saw her nod her head. \"Okay. I just want out already, seems life is pointless now. Everything I've spent my life studying for, is gone now.\" Laura said sadly, turning to place the books on a table near her. \"Hey! Don't say that, not everything is lost. Sure, our futures won't exactly pan out the way we planned, but at least we have a future still. There will still be things to do, things to study. Just because the world's changed doesn't mean we have.\" said Sam, walking forward and placing his books down next to hers. \"Yea...I guess. Just takes time to adjust I presume, well come on. We need more books!\" Laura said, suddenly chipper again, causing Sam to smirk. \"So...what exactly do you think of this new guy Kyle?\" Laura said, beginning to grab books from a whole section on philosophy. Sam felt his face heat up slightly as he remembered back to the events of last night, him and Kyle opening up to each other and eventually falling asleep together. \"Oh...well I think he's nice. Seems like a cool guy.\" Sam said, hiding his face so Laura wouldn't see the deepening blush that his face had taken on. \"Ah, didn't I hear you two talking of you talking last night?\" Laura said, all the while developing a smirk on her face. \"Uh yea, we were just talking about our families is all. Nothing serious really. Why, did we wake you?\" said Sam, still trying to keep from looking at Laura. Slowly he began to pile more books into his arms, acting as if they were the more important subject at the moment. \"No, I was just wondering. It was hard to get to sleep last night, I didn't expect to find you two snuggled up to each other this morning when I woke up.\" she said, returning to the table with a handful of books once more. \"We weren't snuggling! We were..uh...just talking and accidentally fell asleep like that.\" said Sam, his face as red as a strawberry at the moment. \"Oh I see, well that's cool I guess. Well, better get these books back up to the room, last I checked we were running low on paper.\" Laura said, piling all the books she had collected into her arms and walking out of the room. \"Right behind ya!\" Sam yelled out, grabbing his books as well as he chased after her as fast as he could with a armful of books. 'I wonder if she knows? Nah, at least I don't think she does. Ugh! Women are confusing, especially her.' Sam thought to himself as he caught up to Laura on their way back up the stairs. Soon the two of them were opening the doors to the room when Sam saw Brian on the floor rubbing his chin and J.D looking down at him, rubbing his hand. All the while Kyle was standing back behind J.D looking slightly shaken. What had happen while they were gone Sam thought to himself as he stared at the whole scene, mouth slightly ajar. To be Continued! Hope you all enjoyed this lovely chapter! :D tell me what you thought in the reviews![Chapter 4] Another chapter to Love in the Ice! Please enjoy readers, also I do not own the rights to DAT! Sam watched as Brian picked himself up and stormed off to the other side of the room, looking out the window as he continued to rub his chin and jaw repeatedly. \"What happen?\" Sam asked, trying to piece together what he just saw as he walked over to J.D and Kyle. \"Well while you two were gone collecting books, Kyle came over and started talking to a few of us. Everything was going fine until for some ungodly reason Brian stood up and interjected that Kyle should leave just like the others did. I gave him what he rightfully deserved, the last thing we need is for attitudes and hostility like that.\" J.D said, rubbing his knuckles now as he turned to sit down. Obviously what Brian had said had made everyone else upset as well as they now refused to be near him or look his way Sam walked over to Kyle was still looked pretty shaken at the moment. Trying to calm him down Sam placed a hand on his arm and tried getting Kyle to look at him. \"Hey...are you okay?\" Sam asked, to which Kyle nodded his head slowly and backed away slightly. \"I...just need some air. I'm going to go take a walk.\" said Kyle, causing a look of hurt to form over Sam's face as he watched Kyle turn to walk out the door. \"Kyle wait\" \"Sam...let him be for now.\" Laura said softly as she took Sam's arm to keep him from going after him. Sam continued to look at the empty doorway for a few more seconds till turning his gaze over to where Brian was standing. Slowly Sam made his way over there as he felt a wave of anger and rage build up inside of him. \"Brian...why did you say that?\" said Sam, who was now standing behind the shorter teen who's gaze was fixed on the window in front of him. When he got no answer Sam only felt the anger build up more and more as he clenched his fists together. \"Brian! Answer me!\" Sam yelled out, causing the teen in front of him to jump slightly. He watched as Brian's gaze turned slightly as Brian stared at him. \"Sam, it doesn't matter anymore. What's done is done.\" Brian said quietly, pushing Sam's anger over the edge. \"IT DOES MATTER! You basically told him to die, you know as much as I do that he would die out there in that storm like anyone else. Tension is high enough as it is, if you haven't noticed there is a massive snowstorm outside that could potentially kill us! That's not even the point here right now, the point is why did you say what you did!\" Sam yelled, his face flushing red with anger as he stared down the guy he had known to always be kind and shy to everyone he met. \"I heard you two talking last night Sam. You opened up to him about things you've never even told me and we are suppose to be best friends. I heard you laughing, heard him crying and you comforting him. Sam you've let a perfect stranger closer to yourself than you've ever let me.\" Brian said sharply, his voice laced with jealousy and envy as he turned his gaze back towards the window completely ignoring the fact that Sam was beat red with anger right now. \"So because I happen to tell him thing's I haven't told you, you say something like that? If that's your way of dealing with things, then I'm not sure we were close to ever begin with then. I would know if someone was as cruel halfhearted as you Brian. Our priority is make sure we make it out of this alive, and your focusing on that? Maybe if you quit thinking about yourself for a moment you might see that he needs someone too. He's been separated from his family, friends, and way of life just like all of us. Maybe think about that next time you wanna throw words around.\" Sam said, turning to walk away. \"Oh and Brian, if you ever threaten anyone like that again, not only are we not friends anymore I will deal with you myself.\" Sam continued to say as he walked off. The rest of the group watched as Sam walked out of the room, turning to glance at Brian one last time before looking away. Sam held his arms close together as he walked down the dimly lit hallways searching for Kyle, his breath coming out in small wisps of fog as he shivered lightly. That's when he noticed one of the doors slightly ajar as he walked up towards it and slowly pushed it open. As he opened the door Sam noticed it was the room they had found Kyle in only days ago, and there was Kyle standing by the broken window. Snow had steadily collected on the ground as it blew in along with the freezing air, making it much colder. \"Your gonna catch something if your not careful ya know.\" Sam said lightly as he came up and stood next to the troubled looking teen, his green eyes scanning the storm outside. \"Hey, I'm sorry for what happen. I talked with him, you shouldn't have to deal with anything else like that anymore.\" said Sam, only getting silence in return. \"Kyle...you okay?\" Sam said after getting no response from him, placing a hand on his arm causing Kyle to turn his gaze slightly to look at him. \"Yea, I'm fine. Just thinking is all, wondering if I'll ever get out of this place.\" Kyle said sadly, looking off into the distance once more. \"Hey don't think like that. We are all going to get out of here, I promise. I know your worried about your family, you'll see them again.\" Sam said, rubbing Kyle's arm tenderly as he smiled gently at him. \"Thanks Sam, for everything. I'm pretty sure had I stayed on that rooftop for another day, that I wouldn't be alive right now. But thanks to you guys, I am.\" said Kyle, looking at Sam once again. In the light of the storm, though dim, Sam could see that Kyle was extremely pale. Something he hadn't noticed this morning when they both woke up. \"Hey, are you feeling alright? You don't look to well, come here real quick.\" Sam said as he stepped a bit closer to him, placing a hand against Kyle's forehead causing him to blush slightly. \"Kyle, your burning up.\" Sam said worriedly as he continued to feel around Kyle's forehead. \"I just feel a tad nauseous is all, maybe it's just the flu.\" Kyle said, obviously trying to calm Sam's worries. \"I don't know...hows your hand doing.\" Sam said, turning his attention to Kyle's bandaged hand as he picked it up and inspected it. \"It hurts still, but I'm sure I'm fine Sam, really.\" he said, but still not convincing Sam any. \"Okay, well I think you should lay down for a bit and see how you feel. I'll get you some water and something small to eat. How's that sound?\" Sam asked, stepping back as he noticed the small hint of a blush on Kyle's face. \"Sounds good to me, it's getting too cold anyways. Feels like we won't be able to take these lovely walks for much longer if the temperature keeps dropping like this, darn and I was just beginning to like the leisure time!\" Kyle jokingly said, causing Sam to laugh lightly. \"Ha, if this is leisure I'd hate to see what the opposite is. Come on, lets get you taken care of.\" Sam said, placing a arm around Kyle's shoulder as the two of them walked out of the room, the sound of heavy snow growing softer and softer as they walked off down the hallway. So I had to take down the chapter I originally had because I felt it wasn't good enough! But here is a updated version that I feel is a lot better! Please review![Chapter 5] So I have come to bring another chapter to this story! Please enjoy and tell me what you all think, my avid readers! I don't own any rights to DAT! Sadly but true. Sam stood beside the fire as he watched the books inside crinkle together and blacken more and more. Grabbing a philosophy book near him, he began to tear out pages and feed the fire as he watched it get brighter with every crumpled up page thrown in. Once again he was the last one awake as he turned his head to see a overwhelming darkness beyond the glass of the windows, snow beginning to rise above the bottom of the glass window pane. Once Kyle and him had gotten back earlier he had made Kyle lay down, against the others protest. Brian had kept to himself for the remainder of the night, not saying much of anything to anyone. \"Ngh...kfft.\" came a muffled sound behind him, causing Sam to turn and see Kyle beginning to toss and turn in his sleep on the couch. Tossing the rest of the book into the fire, Sam turned and walked over to the seemingly troubled teen. Kneeling down he could see beads of sweat trickling down the sides of Kyle's temples as his face began to scrunch up in pain every now and then. Sam gently took hold of Kyle's hand and ran his fingers up and down his palm, worried about him. \"Hey...what are you doing up still?\" Sam heard Kyle's voice say, looking up to see his eyes were slightly open and looking at him. \"I couldn't sleep, so I decided to throw some more things on the fire to keep it going. The real question right now is are you feeling okay?\" Sam asked, standing up and sitting down on the couch next to Kyle. \"You worry too much, I'm gonna be fine.\" Kyle said, shortly after going into a fit of coughs as he frowned, knowing all to well he wasn't being very convincing at the moment. He felt as Sam leaned in closer and placed the top of his hand against his forehead, watching as Sam also began to frown as well. \"Your still burning up, Kyle you know your not fine.\" Sam said worriedly as he took his hand back and stared down into Kyle's green eyes. \"I know I'm not, but I don't want you worrying about me.\" Kyle said, trying to smile to see if Sam would as well. \"Kyle, of course I'm going to worry about you. I've grown to care about you these past few days and I want you to be okay.\" Sam said, taking Kyle's hand in his gently as he squeezed it slightly. \"I know, and I've grown to care about you as well. All of you actually, but I'd have to say you the most. You've been the one by my side this entire time.\" Kyle said, smiling lightly as a light blush came over his cheeks. Of course the blush hadn't gone unnoticed by Sam, causing a small pink blush to take over his cheeks as well. \"What are we going to do Sam, after all of this.\" Kyle said, the smile disappearing as he turned to look at the fireplace. Sam's facial features dropped at the question as he began to think about it as well, but soon he was gently squeezing Kyle's hand again. \"I'm not entirely sure, but I do know that life will go on. We will just have to adjust I guess, sounds hard I know but we can do it.\" Sam said, smiling as Kyle looked back his way again. \"We? You planning on sticking around after all this?\" Kyle said laughing slightly as he saw Sam frown again. \"Well someone has to keep you in check don't they?\" Sam playfully asked, giving Kyle a playful punch in the arm. \"I guess so. It just seems so unreal ya know? Two weeks ago I would be in my apartment right about now sleeping in a nice comfortable bed, getting well rested for school in the morning. I had my whole future ahead of me, I wanted to be a nurse. Now how will that happen, everything we both know is buried under snow and ice now. I spent my whole life studying and researching it, I would've been graduating in the later this fall. Now my school and hopes are buried like everything else outside those windows.\" Kyle said sadly, his gaze becoming more and more distant as he thought about it all. \"You and Laura sound alike, she said basically the same thing earlier this morning when we were collecting books. Kyle, what we know may be different know but that doesn't change us. I know the world is changing before our eyes, and we are all trying to make sense of it. But it will get better, maybe not right away or anytime soon but it will. My father is coming for us, we won't have to be stuck in this kind of situation forever. Sooner or later, we will make it out of here. And I'll be right there with ya every step of the way. We all will be, and you'll see your family again. I bet they are just as worried about you as you are about them.\" Sam said, rubbing Kyle's arm sweetly as he felt the thick fabric of his coats covering his skin. \"I'm not so sure about my mother, the last time we talked I told her that she failed at parenting. I told her to stay out of my life if she didn't know how to be in it at all. She may not even care if I'm okay right now.\" Kyle said, staring up into Sam's light blue eyes sadly as he secretly cherished the feeling of Sam's arms caressing him softly \"I'm sure she cares, you guys may have left off on a bad note but she is your mother. You may not see it right now, but she does love you. And I'm sure she is worrying beyond belief right now about whether your okay or not.\" Sam said reassuringly, trying to brighten Kyle's spirits a little. \"Yea I guess your right. Sam can I ask you a question?\" Kyle asked, earning a nod from Sam. \"Ever since I got here and found you all, I've noticed that I feel more and more like I've known you for quite a long time. Even though we are all helping each other out here, whenever your around or come to help me I get happier more than usual. I haven't grown so close to anyone in my life, I've always been afraid that they would in turn leave and hurt me. But with you, I don't feel that anymore. I feel this overwhelming sense that everything will truly be okay and I can finally be happy again. I guess what I'm trying to say is that...Sam I like you. I know you probably would never feel the same but I just had to tell you, I'm sorry if this makes things awkward between us now.\" Kyle said almost a bit too fast as he turned to look away. Sam sat there for a minute as he took in the words he had just heard, and until now he hadn't truly realized that he liked Kyle as well just as much. \"Hey.\" Sam said lightly, leaning in as Kyle turned his head to look at him and stare into his eyes. \"That's sweet and all but your wrong about one thing, I do feel the same.\" Sam said softly, placing a loving hand on Kyle's cheek. As they stared into each others eyes, they could feel their bodies moving closer and closer together until they closed their eyes and felt as their lips met. Kyle could feel his heartbeat begin to race at a steady pace as he felt his insides begin to weaken, he felt like he was floating on air. Sam could feel a surge of happiness rush from his lips to his heart as he wrapped a arm around Kyle's neck and began to deepen the kiss, their lips moving in a silent ballet together. After moments of what felt like heaven, they finally broke the kiss as Sam leaned back a few inches. \"Even if I have to be stuck in here, I'm glad I have you to be stuck with.\" Sam said sweetly, causing Kyle to smile from ear to ear. \"Me to.\" Kyle simply said as he wrapped his arms around Sam's body and drew him in for a warm hug, their bodies fitting together perfectly. \"Lay with me?\" Kyle asked softly, almost whispering it into Sam's ear as he smiled. Sam nodded as he lifted up the blanket and scooted in next to Kyle who turned his back towards him, giving Sam the chance to reach over and pull him closer to him as he held him tight. \"Goodnight Kyle. Sweet dreams.\" Sam said sweetly, kissing the nape of Kyle's neck as he smiled and closed his eyes. \"Goodnight Sam, thank you for everything.\" Kyle answered back, snuggling up as close as he could to the back of the couch to give Sam more room but still keeping his arm around him. As the two lay there with the glow of the fire cascading onto them, Sam thought to himself at how he felt like suddenly everything would be perfectly fine. Something he hadn't felt since the whole ordeal started a week ago, he finally had his hope and faith back. Smiling lightly, Sam let his body relax as he felt the peaceful presence of sleep come to him. Not to far from the couch, Laura moved slightly in her chair closest to them. \"So totally called that.\" she softly sang to herself, eyes closed as she adjusted herself slightly in the chair and went back to sleep once more. I thought I would give you all a humorous ending to the such a sweet chapter! I hope you all enjoyed, I worked especially hard on this one to make it just right! Please review, thanks and I can't wait to hear from you all![Chapter 6] I bring you, a wonderful brand new chapter! Enjoy! I don't own the rights to DAT. Also a lot of new characters names are being mentioned in this chapter. You'd really have to have watched movie to know who is who! Laura's eyes opened suddenly as she heard commotion around the room, sitting up and yawning she looked over to see Sam kneeling beside Kyle. \"Wake up, please wake up.\" Sam said a bit loudly, softly shaking Kyle's shoulder. \"Sam, what are you doing?\" Laura asked, standing up and beginning to stretch slightly trying to relieve the stiffness is her muscles. \"Kyle won't wake up!\" Sam yelled, waking up a few others in the process as he continued to softly shake Kyle but to no avail. \"What! What do you mean?' Laura said, wide awake now as she rushed over and knelled beside Sam. She could see that Kyle was extremely pale, hardly any color in his face at all. \"Is he breathing at all?\" asked Laura, looking over to see Sam's face marked with tears here and there. \"Yea. I don't know whats wrong with him. Last night he had a fever before we went to bed, I don't understand.\" Sam said, wiping his eyes as he held onto Kyle's hand tightly. \"He's really pale.\" Came Elsa's voice behind him, as she gathered around along with everyone else. \"Listen guys, none of us have had anything real to eat in days.\" Luther said, turning away from the fireplace as he joined in the conversation. \"I'm telling you, its hypothermia.\" Bernie said, sitting down on the couch as he listened in on the whole thing. \"How can it be hypothermia man, all of us have-\" \"It's probably just the flu guys.\" Brian said, interrupting Luther as he came up and stood by the group for once. \"No, no it's not the flu.\" Came Judith's voice a bit far off as everyone looked to see her flipping through a book in her hands. \"And how do you know?\" Brian retorted, slightly annoyed. Looking up Judith glared at him before returning her gaze to Kyle and the others. \"Books can be good something for something other than burning.\" Judith shot back, causing Brian to look away. \"Alright lets go over his symptoms.\" She continued saying as she walked over to the couch and peered over the side. \"I told you he had a fever and a r-really cold sweat.\" Sam said, his eyes distant as he continued to gaze down at Kyle's closed eyes. He could see Kyle's mouth slightly shuddering, most likely from being so cold on the inside. \"Hows his pulse?\" Judith continued on, flipping more pages in her book. \"Its really fast.\" Elsa said, pressing her hand to Kyle's wrist slightly as she looked up worriedly at Sam and then Judith who pushed up the glasses on her nose and began reading some more. \"Did he have any injuries like a cut or something that may have gotten infected?\" \"He was complaining about the cut on his hands a few days ago, I-I didn't think anything of it!\" J.D said, upset at the fact he overlooked Kyle's complaint now. Slowly Sam looked at the bandaged hand, the stain of blood having seeped through days ago turning the bottom of the bandage a repulsive brown. Looking at Laura and then back to Kyle, the two of them slowly began to unwrap his hand. After a few seconds they finally got it off, and their faces fell as they looked down to see the cut had grown swollen and dark veins and bruises were surrounding the cut. \"That's blood poisoning, uh septicemia, he could go into septic shock.\" Judith said softly, her eyes filled with concern. \"I've seen that, that can get bad.\" Luther said pointing at the deep cut in Kyle's hand as he continued to stand by the fireplace. Sam stood up as he began to pace back and forth, his mind full and heart racing as he took in the words. \"He needs a massive dose of penicillin or a broad spectrum antibiotic or...\" Judith's voice trailed off, her facial features dropping as she slowly looked up at Sam who was now staring her and the book down. \"Or what?\" Sam said, stepping a bit closer as he continued to stare at Judith who looked back down at the book. \"Or else the infection will spread to his heart...and kill him.\" Judith said, closing the book quietly as she sadly looked back to Kyle. Sam's mouth dropped slightly, tears welling up in his eyes as he watched the group all stare at each other with solemn looks. A hour of silence passed as the group stood around trying to think of anything to could to save the unconscious teen on the couch in front of them. Laura stood by the fireplace, rubbing her chin slightly as she looked at Kyle's pale face. She hadn't seen Sam so upset in the entire time she had known him, he was separated from the rest of them as he stood by the window. She turned her gaze as she watched him peer over the snow blocking much of the view of outside as he occasionally began to pace and then he would stop. Finally she saw Sam turn around and head towards the other side of the room, she watched as he grabbed a chair and turned it upside down, breaking off the legs and back. \"What are you doing?\" said Judith, walking closer as she watched him continue to break into the chair. \"There's got to be medicine on that tanker! And I'm going to go find it!\" Sam said as he stopped what he was doing to look at everyone, by the look in his eyes they knew there was no talking him out of it. \"Sam, it's freezing out there!\" said Laura, who looked at the others as if they could help talk some sense into him. Brian stepped forward and swiftly went up to the window as he peered out through the snow, turning his head moments later. \"Where are some more of those chairs? I'm going with you.\" Brian said sternly, causing Sam to look at him as a slight smile came to his face. \"Me to!\" said J.D who stepped forward and placed a hand on Sam's shoulder. \"Great! Pull up some chairs and start getting to work.\" Sam said, watching as the other two walked out and moments later came walking back with chairs of their own. Sam was determined to make sure that Kyle would make it out of this or die trying. After a few minutes had passed, the three of them had managed to fashion snowshoes out of the remnants of the chairs. Sam walked over to Laura as he tightened the coats on himself and put up his hood and scarf. \"Keep a eye on him, make sure he doesn't get worse okay?\" Sam asked her, earning a head nod as he stepped past her and towards the couch where Kyle laid. Kneeling down Sam brushed aside some of Kyle's blonde hair as he rubbed his cheek for a moment, leaning in he pressed his forehead against the others. \"I won't let anything happen to you, I promise.\" Sam said softly before closing the distance and brushing his lips against Kyle's, knowing that sadly he couldn't return the kiss. Standing up Sam walked to the door with Brian and J.D, turning around for a quick second. \"We will be back!\" Sam said with hope in his voice, before he and the other two opened the doors and walked out, soon disappearing down the hallway and out of view.[Chapter 7] Here is another story I haven't updated in awhile and I'm just now getting to it, please enjoy and review! Laura paced back and forth in front of the big bay window, snow already piled up to the point where she could no longer see out the window. \"It's been too long!\" Judith said as she ripped up more paper and threw it onto the fire, causing the dying flames to lick and catch onto the crumpled up paper. \"They will be fine! If I know Sam, I know he wouldn't let anything come between him and the people he loves.\" Laura said as she walked over to Kyle's body which was curled up in multiple blankets and had sweat beading on top of his forehead. Laura knelt down as she put the back of her hand against his head and felt his fever warming up. \"Don't give up just yet Kyle, Sam needs you Kyle.\" Laura said as she reached up and brushed some of the sweat from Kyle's forehead. \"Is it me or does it suddenly feel like it's getting colder quicker and quicker as the minutes go by?\" Judith asked as she looked at the top of the window, the city not even visible past the white haze. \"Your right, it does seem like the temperature is dropping rather quickly. Lets put some more paper on the fire, we have to make sure Kyle stays warm at all costs.\" Laura said as her and the others went to tearing up books and throwing small paper wads into the fireplace when suddenly Sam and the other men broke through the door. \"Hurry and throw everything on the fire! Keep it burning!\" Sam screamed as they brought J.D in who was limping and fell to the floor in front of them. Laura gasped when she saw a layer of ice moving quickly towards the door as Sam slammed the door shut and moved everyone away from it. Judith and everyone else continued to throw whole books into the fire pit as the door started to ice over from the immense cold on the other side. Sam rushed J.D out of the way as he threw down a sack full of food and medicine onto the floor by Kyle's couch as everyone backed away from the door, ice completely starting to cover everywhere the the flames warmth didn't cover. Laura watched as Sam picked Kyle up and brought him closer to the flames as everyone else began to throw anything burnable they could find into the fireplace as the ice finally began to stop spreading. \"Okay, no more. We can't exhaust our resources just yet.\" Sam said in between pants as he brought Kyle close to him and took in his warmth and ran his fingers through Kyle's short dirty blonde hair. \"I got ya now bud, I got ya.\" Sam said as everyone moved the furniture closer to the fireplace to be careful of the ice. Laura sighed in relief as she placed a hand over her heart and sat down in a nearby chair as Judith and Sam tended to Kyle while the rest tended to J.D. She silently hoped that this would be the last of the trouble they encountered for now, and that Kyle would pull through for Sam's sake. There we go, all done with this chapter! Review please![Chapter 8] So I'm not sure if I wanna continue this story after they get rescued or not, any suggestions? Anyways, please enjoy and review. Kyle felt as his eyes opened slowly, a fire burning to far from him as he turned to look up at the ceiling as he reached up and weakly wiped the grogginess from his eyes. \"Sam?\" Kyle said softly, his voice raspy and weak from the fever that was diminishing now. He turned and saw the rest of the group asleep around him, the windows pitch black from outside with the fire being the only glow in the room. \"Hey, your awake.\" came Sam's soft voice as Kyle turned and watched as Sam came into view and knelt down as he pressed his hand against Kyle's forehead. \"What happen?\" Kyle asked, his throat dry and cracked as Sam reached over and grabbed a bottled water nearby and brought the cap to his lips. \"You passed out and wouldn't wake up for three days. I had to go to that tanker frozen in the street to fetch you medicine and food.\" Sam said as he pulled the cover over Kyle's shoulders and bundled him up once more. \"You did all that and risked your life for me?\" Kyle asked, feeling as his eyes began to water as Sam reached over and wiped the tears away. \"Of course I did, I couldn't let you suffer and die like that. Why didn't you tell us about the gash on your leg?\" Sam asked, leaning in closer as he leaned his elbows onto the couch and caressed Kyle's face. \"I didn't wanna raise any worry when there was already so much of it already, I'm sorry.\" Kyle said as he began to feel tears roll down his cheeks as he felt guilt well up inside him. \"Hey now, don't cry. Everything is okay, I've got ya now.\" Sam said as he leaned in and took Kyle in his arms. He could feel Kyle's body heat through all the blankets as he leaned their foreheads together and hugged Kyle tightly. He felt as Kyle wrapped his arms around his back and hugged him back as they listen to the soft crackling of the fire. Sam climbed onto the couch as he took Kyle and brought him close to his body, making the other feel loved and protected as they soon fell asleep together on the couch once more.[Chapter 9] Today is also the day that this story comes to it's end. After so long of writing and putting it off, it finally meets its finish. Please enjoy and review. It's been a pleasure bringing this story to all of you! Kyle felt his eyes begin to flutter open as he looked up at the library ceiling before feeling Sam move slightly in his arms. He looked over the young man in his arms as he smiled and gently caressed his cheek, before hearing the ice on the door not too far from them begin to crack and fall away as it opened. Kyle lifted his head up and looked towards it only for his eyes to be greeted by a bright flashlight. His movement caused Sam to wake up as he slowly looked up and towards the doorway where two men in extensive gear stood there looking at everyone sleeping. \"Who...who is that?\" Kyle asked as Sam looked up at a particular man who looked back at him as he set down his flashlight and smiled. \"That's my dad, he actually came,\" Sam said as he smiled at his father as Kyle looked at both of them before everyone else began to stir and wake up. Sam sat there on the helicopter after they had all walked through the frozen streets of downtown Manhattan and towards the remains of the Statue of Liberty. Kyle leaned onto him as they flew over New York City, dozens of other helicopters beginning to pick up survivors all over the city. He looked forward at his father who was looking at Kyle and him. \"As long as your happy, that's all that matters to me Sam. So quit thinking what your thinking,\" his father said as Sam smiled and chuckled lightly, his fear of rejection put to rest as he leaned his head onto Kyle's and kissed it lightly. He wrapped a arm around his boyfriends shoulder as they both stared off into the frozen wasteland, the other survivors all sitting quietly and some chatting lightly between one another. Sam knew that everyone was now a refugee in the new world, but as long as he had his family and Kyle with him, he knew he could take on anything. He knew once they landed in Mexico, the long process of finding what was left of Kyle's family would begin. He hoped for the best, but prepared for the worst as he looked down into Kyle's green eyes and held him closer to him. Together they were unbeatable and Sam couldn't be happier. The both of them deciding a nap would be nice as they flew over the frozen ocean, the sun sparkling on the white ice and snow below. I think I like leaving it at this, please comment and review! ","Summary":" Hello Fellow Readers. I am doing a story that I actually had a dream about after a favorite movie o"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"The Day after Tomorrow: Shizuko Origashu","Author":"kilah234","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8096348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"For homework, I want you to do page 358, numbers 1-45. Due Monday,\" Mrs. Gunner said. The whole class groaned in unison, me included. Forty-five questions for homework? Are you kidding me? That was just crazy, but then again, Mrs. Gunner was crazy. \"Now, now, class. You have the whole weekend to work on this. Whine some more, and I'll make you do 45 more- \" The bell rang, interrupting her threat. Thank God for that bell. Saved by the bell. So true. I gathered all my books from my desk, and dumped them in my bookbag. Then I hurried to my locker, where a herd of girls swarmed. Not again, I thought. This was the fourth time since Monday that this happened. Why did my locker stand right next to Mackenzie Lowell's? Pure bad luck. Bad luck did run in my family. Ever since Mackenzie broke up with the Oh-so-famous Wesley Woods, a whole bunch of her friends had felt the need to comfort her every second of every hour of every single day. It was annoying, so so annoying to me, and time wasting. Sometimes it felt like a year before I even made it to my locker. Those girls with their mini skirts, shorts that looked like underwear, and belly-button revealing shirt, were so callous of others; especially me. Why they hated me? I didn't know why, but maybe it was because I wasn't a dumb retard like they were. But what I did now was that I didn't have time to wait for them to get away from my locker. As I shoved my way through the crowd of girls, which earned glares, I heard many dirty names being thrown my way, but I held my composer and ignored them. Finally, I made it to my locker. I kicked it, the way I always got the old locker open, and opened it; successful. The thing was, that I wasn't expecting a skunk; a live skunk. I screamed, hearing giggles behind me, and jumped as far away from my locker as I could, pushing the devil who had done it at the locker. Of course she had done it, she hated me so much. Maybe she was racist, or just a fag, probably both. Who knew. She wasn't giggling anymore, instead she was screaming. Surprised, I saw the skunk let out a spray of green mist, right into Mackenzie's face. I couldn't help but laugh, I knew it was cruel, but I did it anyway. She deserved it. My laugh echoed into Mackenzies ears, and through the halls. Mackenzie stopped screaming. I stopped laughing. She slowly turned to me, her face as red as the ripest tomato. A whiff of skunk spray came my way and filled my nose. I waved at it. Another laugh escaped me, and that's what set her and her freinds off. They started angrily toward me, ready to kill, but I didn't have time for this. Maybe another day, but I didn't want to die...yet. I ran, knowing they wouldn't run after me- of course they wouldn't want to break their precious heels- at the high-schools front door. \"Shizuko!\" I heard Mackenzie cry behind me, her voice was filled with anger and distaste(I was surprised she even knew my name). A smile grew on my face at her voice; so high pitched and panicked. So lame and so puny. God, I could go on and on. And that was the last thing I heard coming out of her -ever- as I disappeared into the Manhattan streets. The water surprised me first, okay, second. The cold air, first, hit me like a slap. My coat. God my coat was stinking in my locker. Even if I went back to get it, I wouldn't be able to wear it. The smell would be too repugnant for me. So nasty. All because of those dumbasses I wasn't able to keep warm. At least I was wearing long jeans and a sweatshirt, but that barely helped. Stupid, stupid, they'll pay for this. And I would pay for what I did to . School would be miserable if Mackenzie and her friends started doing pranks on me.My day was going horrible. First the homework, second the skunk, and third the water! I couldn't imagine anything worse. But the water was at least knee high, almost thigh-high, for me at least -I was only a startling 5'7, which wasn't that bad for a Japanese girl- and it was rising fast. I pushed through the water, gazing at the scene around me. Cars sat still in the road, people struggling out. Luggage, food, and other various items floated by. There had never been a flood in New York during my life-time, the 17 years I'd been alive, and this was the first. I groaned in frustration. Bad luck certainly did run in my family. My violin practice was soon, but I wouldn't be able to catch a cab with all those cars in the way, and I couldn't afford to miss it. Four of my practices had already been canceled, due to family emergencies. Well, due to my moms emergencies. She had several brain tumors, all to risky to get rid of via surgery; I remembered the day I visited her at the hospistal. One of the worst days in my life, in my mothers life. \"Miss Origashu,\" Dr. Forman began. \"We took the scans again, and we have interpreted how long you will live. It's the same as before, of course. And I'm sorry to say this but-\" \"Shizuko, I don't want you to hear this. You can go now, go back home. I'll be fine here alone,\" my mother said. I couldn't believe my ears. She expected me to leave her there? Really? She wouldn't get rid of me that easily. \"No mom,\" I said, taking her hand in mine. \"You can't make me, I wont leave.\" Tears forced their way down my face, landing with a plop on my shoe. I felt like a wimp, but everyone cried at sometime-excluding when they're born- right? My mom nodded in understanding; she knew she couldn't convince me to go anywhere. She needed someone with her as she went through her sickness, through her pain. I remembered that day very clearly, very perfectly. The doctor had only given her two months to live. Two. Months. Almost 8 weeks. More than a month had passed since then. She only had 2 weeks left. Why was I so unfortunate? Why was she? I had already lost my father, and I didn't want to lose my mother. Who would I live with then? I had never met my mothers sister or brother, and my dad had no siblings at all. All of my grandparents were dead, and I knew no one else I could live with. Maybe I would live on the streets; alone. Alone just like- Someone pushed me from behind, interrupting me from my thoughts. Then I noticed that people were running. Screaming. Running from something, running from... I craned my neck behind me, interested in what freaked everyone out. Was it some sort of animal? Had something escaped from the zoo? A tiger? Maybe it was a jaguar! They were my favorite animals. Or maybe there were aliens coming to invade! Possibly a zombie apocalypse. But no, it wasn't any of those, it was worse. Okay, so not as bad as an alien invansion or zombie apocalypse, but close to my standards. It was a wave. Not one of those puny little waves that surfers rode on, but the type of waves that could send Moses running. The type of wave the freaked the hell out of everyone. The type of wave that stood higher than buildings. The type of wave that could chew up a building and spit it out. The type of wave that was heading straight toward me. Huh, I guess this could be considered worse than the skunk... Maybe I won't have violin practice after all.[Chapter 2] I ran, as fast as my legs could carry me, the rain and cold slowing me down. Good thing my mom had put me on the track team. I was a fast runner, but waves were a little bit faster. Well, a lot faster. The wall of water sped toward me, sweeping up cars, hot dog stands, and screaming people. They all disappeared in the vast blue liquid. I couldn't outrun it, but I wouldn't end up like them. Shelter was what I needed. I searched for the tallest, strongest building I could find. My eyes fell on the famous Bellbow Hotel. It loomed over 30 stories high, made out of brick, wood, and who knows what. Hopefully it could withstand the wave. Without any other choice, I ran through the revolving doors, and into the hotel. I gasped as I saw the scene. But not because of the glamour of it all, well that too, but because people milled around as if nothing was happening. My eyes fell on a baby, asleep, being pushed in a stroller. I realized they hadn't been warned. They didn't know they were seconds away from dying. But I did. I had to act. Quick. \"Get up the stairs!\" I yelled at the top of my lungs. People stopped what they were doing and stared at me. Blank faces. Blank stares. \"Move!\" I shouted again. \"There's a wave coming! Move!\" They did nothing. Maybe they didn't believe me, or maybe they didn't care if they died. \"Move!\" I shouted for the last time. If these people were so arrogant, then they could die. I didn't care. Suddenly, the building shook, and screams errupted from the dining area. Water spewed from the hallway leading to the diner, only 20 feet away from me. My head whipped around, searching for the stairs, and locked in on them. I ran through the door marked STAIRS , people following after me, and up the spiral staircase. I skipped up them -two at a time- and watched the water rise quickly below me. The civilians far below me scream and push as they get enveloped under the fast rising water. I paused for a second when I saw a mother push her baby up to a young man, higher than she, then vanish under the water, her baby wrapped tightly in her arms. It made me want to weep, and curse nature, but I didn't have the time. \"Get out the way!\" Someone shouted behind me. Several people shoved past me; a family it seemed. I flattened myself against the railing to avoid getting trampled, the family disappearing through a door. All was quiet. The screams had stopped; all those lives gone. Below me, the water had stopped rising, and was instantly freezing over. I shivered; the cold seeping into my bones now that I had stopped moving. I needed to get warm. I climbed. (^._.^) I shuffled through the mini-fridge, looking for edible food. Food that was un- frozen. The power had shut off right after the attack, making the fridge useless. It wasn't needed anyway, the room felt like a refridgerator. Scratch that. The room felt like a freezer . Luckily, I had found a coat stored in a closet, plus the comforter on the bed in the room helped keep warm. But still there was no heat, no TV, no internet, no reception, no nothing. Was anyone going to rescue me? Probably not. \"Ugh,\" I said, spitting out the frozen, stale bread. My stomach grumbled. Icecream sounded really good. But there was none. The kitchen, which was on the first floor, was under tons of frozen water. Why did they always have to put kitchens on the first floor? Hadn't they ever thought that if a gigantic wave killing most of the population of Manhattan swept through the hotel the kitchen would be soaked and covered? No. Why did this happen so suddenly, anyway? There was absolutely no warning on TV, nor on the radio. The image of the mother and her baby flashed in my mind. Mother. My mother. What happened to her? Was she still alive? The odds weren't in her favor. I pushed the thought away; I couldn't cry now. I was alone. Well, actually, I wasn't sure. The first thing I had done after the water stopped rising, was find a coat, room, then a bed, and sleep. It hadn't occured to me that going through the hotel to explore for survivors could be an effective thing. Now it filled my head. I stood, abandoning the contents in the fridge, grabbed the red satchel I had found, and swept out the door. The hallways were dark, and quiet. Creepy almost. I was on the lowest hotel floor to the ice. It might've made the cold even worse, but if I needed to get out quickly then I wouldn't have to jump from a window onto the hard, compact ice. I had searched this floor a little before, and found no sign of life. Me, all alone, with my own floor of a hotel. That did sound awesome besides the fact that a wave had just buried Manhattan under tons of ice, and that there was no electricity, reception, or heating. No heat, that was the worst. And it was below freezing. I didn't understand how eskimos did it. I sighed and trampled up the stairs to the floor above me, then searched. A few hours later my satchel was bulging from bottom to top. I found a few valuable things; icecream, a full bag of Lays, a blanket, a box of matches, and some toiletries (though the water didn't work), but I took it anyway. Sadly, I didn't find what I was looking for; life. Actually, I did find life. A puppy. As I was wrapping up my search for that floor, I rounded the bend of the last unsearched hallway, and stopped. In the middle of the hallway was a puppy. A cocker spaniel. It was sniffing the floor, for food most likely, but looked up at me when I entered. It yelped, trying to bark and scare me away, but did no such thing. Instead, it backed away. It seemed scared out of its mind, and I understood. No parents. No owner. Where was its owner anyway? If it had one then they should've been around here somewhere. Unless they were dead. Were they? Probably. I bent my knees, patting them. \"Come here, doggy. No need to be scared.\" The puppy backed away more. I sighed, standing. Well, that didn't seem to work. It made it worse. So I tried a different approach. Reaching into the satchel, I pulled out the bag of lays; taking out one. Bait. I got down on my knees and waved the chip in front of me. Hopefully dogs weren't allergic to Lays. \"Here's some food,\" I said in a quiet, sweet voice. The dog shuffled forward. \"I know you're hungry.\" The puppy was a few feet away from me now. \"Come on, take it. It's good.\" It hesitated. \"Come on, it's not poisionous, if that's what you think. See?\" I took a small bite from the chip. Yumm. I refrained from tearing the bag open and stuffing my mouth. I would have time for that later. Hopefully. \"I know you want it. Come and get it.\" The cocker spaniel leaped forward and snatched the chip from my fingers. I smiled. Success. \"Good girl.\" I rubbed the puppys rich, black fur. \"Or...\" I checked, confirming its gender; girl. \"Hmmm,\" I continued patting her. What shall I call you?\" The dog didn't answer. Surprise, surprise. \"No suggestions? I guess not.\" I tilted my head to the side, thinking. \"How about... Hope?\" She let out a yip, happy with my choice. I smiled. Hope. I stood, Hope in my arms, and headed to the stairs, but it seemed that Hope didn't like that idea. She barked and wriggled in my arms. \"What's wrong girl?\" I said. She wriggled some more, urging me to let her go. I did. As soon as her feet connected with the ground, she took of running back the way she came. \"Hey!\" I shouted after her. Hope stopped and turned to look back at me. She barked. Come, she seemed to say. I followed. She took off running again and suddenly disappeared around a bend. \"Wait up!\" I yelled. Puppies could be so hyper. I turned right into the perpendicular hallway to find Hope perched in front of a door. She barked at it. \"What's this?\" I asked. Of course, she didn't answer, she just barked again at the door. Then I noticed it. The door was cracked open a little, and something glowed from within. Someone was in there. I slowly pushed the door open; it creaked. I forged on, until I was fully in the room. My gaze traveled around the room; similar to the one I'd discovered. But, no one was in there. Wait. My gaze fell on a huge lump in the middle of the bed. A body, I realized. Alive or dead? Asleep or awake? I tiptoed closer to the bed and poked at the body. I couldn't tell who it was, for they were covered completely with golden sheets. \"Hello?\" I said. Nothing. I poked again. Nothing. I punched the body. This time he/she rolled over, facing me. The covers fell from his face. I gasped and jumped back, almost knocking over a desk. The familiar name flew out my mouth. \"Wesley?\"[Chapter 3] \"Who… who are you?\" Wesley stuttered, trying to sit up, but failing. He looked weak, tired. I wondered what happened to him. He was never like this, never sick, but then again, Manhattan wasn't usually under tons of ice. Maybe that had gotten to him. Though his face was covered in cuts and grime, he still looked like the male model everyone thought he was. Long black hair, strong jaw, black eyes, tall, and muscular; the list went on and on. I wasn't fazed by his extremely good looks since he was obviously an idiot for associating himself with that bitch. Still, Wesley held a streak of a GPA over 4.0 in all his years in high school. But that wasn't all, just like any popular, hot, guy, Wesley was on the football, track, soccer, and swim team. His brother, who recently graduated from high school, was accepted into colleges like Harvard, Stanford, and M.I.T. All of which I dreamed to go to, but didn't seem very likely at the time. Plus, he still didn't remember me. How special I felt. \"It's me,\" I said as if he should know, and he should've. \"Shizuko Origashu.\" Nothing.\"I was the one who pushed your ex, Mackenzie, into that skunk. Weren't you there?\" \"Yeah,\" Wesley said. \"I remember you. Shizuko, right?\" That's what I just said, idiot. I nodded.\"What ha-\" He paused, his eyes rolling back in his head, wincing. It was a good sight to see. Wesley Woods in pain. Mean, I know. I had some kind in my heart though, everyone has a good side to them. But I have to say, I usually view the glass half empty, instead of half full. I stepped to the edge of the bed and leaned over him. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. \"My... my..\" he stuttered, nodding at the covers. Hmm. Reluctantly, I slid the covers down his chest. He winced. I almost threw up. Blood covered half his chest, and stained his sheet, clouding the huge, puffy gash underneath. Puss oozed out from the gouged area, pushing against what doused paper towel there was. Infected, was the first thing I thought. Oh God. Couldn't you die from things like this? \"Wow,\" I said. \"Looks like you got yourself in a bad situation.\" I paused, wondering what to do. \"I'll be right back.\" I began scuttling out the room, then stopped, turning. \"Do you have anything sharp?\" I asked Wesley. Due to his weakness Wesley just pointed at the drawer by his bed. I drew closer, opened it, and pulled out a Swiss Army where he got that. \"Thanks,\" I said, scampering out the room, Hope on my ran down the stairs where the ice lay and began chopping. Well, I began chopping, Hope ran around in circles trying to catch her 'd I name her Hope again? When I finished chopping, I hauled my heavy, irregular block of ice back up the stairs. \"Hey, do you have any pots or large bowls? Anything like that?\" I asked Wesley, setting the block down on the floor. I hurriedly wiped my cold, damp hands on the back of my jeans. It wasn't pleasant heaving a heavy, freezing piece of ice up the stairs. Wesley didn't answer. \"Wow, thanks for the help,\" I said. Thankfully, I found a huge, silver pot in the small kitchen. \"This is perfect.\" I smacked the pot against my palm. Gripping the ice in my hands, I hauled it into the pot. I placed the pot over the fire that burned in a metal trash can in the corner, and waited. Hope barked at my feet and wiggled her tail. \"What do you want now, girl?\" I was sure I sounded stupid to Wesley, but I didn't really care. Hope barked again and licked my hand. \"Oh? So you're hungry?\" Hope barked twice as if saying yes. I fed her several chips and she chomped on her meal happily. \"Salt.\" I jumped, startled, and turned towards Wesley. \"What?\" \"Salt,\" he repeated. \"The water.\" \"Great. Salt helps wounds.\" Wesley shook his head. \"It'll hurt.\" He lazily pointed a finger at the kitchen. \"Water bottles.\" His speech was all slurred making it sound like \"Wadabodda\". \"Water bottle?\" He nodded. I moved into the kitchen and easily found the water bottles in a small pantry. It was a whole pack of them. Two packs actually. With about twenty each. \"Thanks for telling me,\" I said sarcastically. \" After I climbed down two sets of stairs and then chipped away at ice and then hauled a hundred pound block of ice up the stairs.\" Wesley didn't respond, as expected, so I began hauling the big pack of water toward the pot. The salt water had melted a little, but barely. I dumped it out in the sink. What a waste. I dumped six cups of water into a large bowl, added plenty of washcloths, and sat down beside Wesley, who was staring at the very intriguing ceiling. \"I'm not a doctor, you know,\" I muttered. \"So if I screw this up then...don't blame me. And I don't have any morphine so try to hold still.\" With slightly trembling hands, I wiped away the dry, caked blood and puss surrounding the laceration. It helped me get a better view at the gash, which made my stomach churn. Good thing I hadn't eaten much in the past few hours. The next hour was full of disinfecting, cleansing, stitching, and wincing, from both me and Wesley. I found all the supplies I needed in a small clinic area on another floor (who knew hotels had clinics) and I even found morphine. Thankfully, years of watching House and shows like Grey's Anatomy helped me in the process. I changed the sheets on Wesley's bed and then made a bed of pillows for Hope. I tried feeding Wesley too but he only drank about a few ounces of water so I gave his food to Hope, who ate it delightedly. I ate little myself cause after all the puss and blood and watery stuff my appetite had dwindled to nothing. I couldn't tell the time, with the electricity out, but according to the bathrooms window, it was pitch black outside. The sun was nowhere to be seen and the usual sounds of honking and squealing tires were now replaced by silence. From what I could see, the other buildings were dark and sinister. I strained my ears at what I thought was a distant howl. Or maybe it was just my imagination. I took a quick pee in the sink, since the toilet didn't work, then returned to the bedroom. I quietly stepped over the sleeping Hope and past the still-but-breathing Wesley and slumped down into the reclining chair. I patted my coat pocket for the Swiss Army knife, just in case, and settled down to keep watch. (^._.^) TELL ME IF YOU LIKED! REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW. IF YOU LIKE IT, THEN ADD IT TO FAVORITES OR SOMETHING PLEASE! REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW PLEASE![Chapter 4] Bacon: sweet, luscious bacon. I breathed in then out and gave a satisfied sigh. Until I noticed I wasn't the one cooking it. I peeled my eyes open and the world was as blurry as ever. I stretched, rubbing my eyes and the world was clearer. \"Ouch,\" I said, feeling the crook in my neck. \"I'd never thought you'd wake.\" Wesley. He stood by the fiery garbage can with a pan in his hand full of bacon. He looked like he'd cleaned up a little. His bare torso was no longer covered in pus and dried blood but he still had a bandage on, which looked new. I wondered how the hell he was standing. And why he didn't have a shirt on. It was as cold as hell. \"What time is it?\" I asked, turning my gaze from his gleaming six pack. The dim light shining through the bathroom window. Ice was fogging over it. Wesley shrugged and turned back to his work, humming what sounded like Mary Had a Little Lamb. \"Where'd you get that bacon?\" I asked. Wesley chuckled under his breath, then winced at the motion. \"The kitchen. Duh. Seems like you overlook a lot of things or maybe you just don't care.\" I scoffed at him. \"Really? Cause if I didn't care you'd by lying dead on that bed of yours! So don't judge me if you don't know me.\" To my surprise, Wesley laughed, making me even more pissed off. \"I didn't mean it as an offense; I meant it as a joke. And thank you, for saving my life.\" I pouted and stood up. A rush of dizziness surged through my head, forcing me to sit back down. Wesley whirled around and held out a plate of bacon and eggs. \"Here,\" he said. \"I'm sure you didn't eat much yesterday since you tended to me. This is the least I can do to pay you back.\" I looked down at the plate. He'd made the most amazing fluffy eggs and crispy bacon I'd ever seen. Restaurant style. My stomach rumbled at the sight of food and I realized I hadn't eaten that much yesterday. I took the plate. \"How'd you get the eggs unfrozen?\" Wesley laughed a short, sweet laugh and sat down on the bed. \"It took a little heat.\" I watched him as he placed a plate of bacon down for Hope. She barked happily and licked his still-greasy fingers. \"Can you put a shirt on?\" I instantly regretted asking that. I blushed, looked away, and started eating. \"I mean, it's cold.\" I risked a peak at him only to find him smiling at me. Why did he have to smile so much? \"I know but the fire warmed me up. And it still kind of hurts to move,\" he answered. I blushed again, wondering if he was implying my help. \"So how do you like the eggs? They don't taste frozen do they?\" I was grateful for the change in subject. \"No. They're delicious.\" And they were. I took another bite of heaven. \"How'd you learn how to cook like this? Is it in your genes?\" A look of pain washed over his face, but as quickly as it was there it was gone. \"My dad. He's a chef; a great one too. I've always wondered how I'm not 500 pounds yet.\" Wesley smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. We continued eating; the silence hanging over us like an awkward mist. He finished first, and took my plate without a word. I thanked him but he didn't notice. While he scrubbed the dishes, I silently crept into the bathroom, with Hope keeping me company. I filled the sink with soap and bottled water and stepped out of my clothes. The cold hit me like a slap. Hope barked and jumped onto the toilet, wagging her tail. \"Don't pee on the toilet,\" I said to her. \"I'll wash you later.\" I hurriedly grabbed the green washcloth and scrubbed the dirt, grime, and blood off of me. The water was freezing cold but the cleanliness was worth it. I washed my hair and pulled it up into a messy bun. I patted myself dry and pulled on my old clothes. They felt dirty on my clean skin. I decided I was going to search the hotel for new ones. \"Now it's your turn, girl.\" Hope wriggled under my fingers as I placed her in the water. She was probably cold too. I quickly ran my soapy hands through her soft, black fur and rinsed her off afterwards. The water was yellow afterwards. She shivered as I placed her on the floor and shook like dogs always do, spraying me in the process. I swore and quickly dried me and her off. Wesley was struggling to pull a shirt over his head when we left the bathroom. Without thinking, I hurried over to him and shrugged the shirt down over his head. His face emerged from it, facing me. Only then did I notice how close we were. I held my breath and he opened his mouth but before he could say anything I stepped away and said, \"Sorry.\" Wesley smiled, pulling down the rest of his shirt. \"I was going to say thank-you.\" I looked down; embarrassed. \"Oh.\" \"I see you've gotten washed up. And so has the dog.\" \"Hope,\" I corrected. \"Her name. I thought she was yours.\" \"Nope. I've never seen her 'til today.\" \"Oh, well we're about to go look for some clothes… Cause mine are dirty. And see if there's anyone else here. And see if there are any other supplies we need. And see… Do you want to come?\" Wesley smiled. \"I was hoping you'd ask me that.\" \"I don't know though. You're still healing. I'm not sure if you can take all the stairs. And the cold. You should stay.\" I said quickly. I hoped he didn't get the wrong idea. \"Yeah, I think you're right. I just don't want anything to happen to you. You might slip, break your neck, and I wouldn't know.\" Wesley looked away. \"I don't know what I'd do without you. If you hadn't found me before…\" He didn't have to go on for me to get the idea. \"Thanks for the reassurance,\" I said sarcastically, trying to lighten the mood. \"I'm sure Hope here will tell you if anything happened to me. I hope… Hope barked at the sound of her name. \"How long will you be gone?\" Wesley asked. I was surprised he even cared. \"However long it takes. You might want to change that bandage and clean it out sometime soon, too. I won't be here to do it for you.\" \"Yeah. That's a good idea. I'll just…rest.\" \"Yeah. So we'll just be going now.\" I slowly backed out of the room and slipped out of the door, Hope at my heels, and Wesley looking eagerly after me.[Chapter 5] The floor above us was entirely unoccupied- interesting because it was a hotel. But then again, people had been trying to get out of the city. We found a couple of clothes in that floors laundry room, a pretty turquoise blue sweater and sweats for me, a black tee for Wes, and a few comforters from various rooms. Most rooms were locked, so I had to pick them. \"Jackpot,\" I said, noticing a vending machine at the end of the dark hallway. Hope and I ran in excitement to the vending machine, but the closer we got I noticed something was wrong. First, the vending machine was broken. Glass lay scattered on the carpet and more importantly, there was nothing inside. Nothing, nada. Someone had emptied its contents and taken everything for themselves. I was about to scoop Hope up when I heard something behind me. Whirling around, I came face to face with a young man. Startled, I jumped back, bumping into the wall. The man took a swig of his drink. Alcohol. He was wearing raggedy clothes, and didn't even have a coat on. And he was big, huge. The man stepped forward and took another swig. \"Watcha got there girl?\" He asked in a southern accent, pointing at the blankets. I shrugged, reaching for the knife in my pocket. \"Blankets to keep warm.\" My voice wavered. The man snorted. \"Why, that looks a hell 'lot like mine. You been stealing, girl?\" \"No, this is a hotel, they're mostly the same-\" \"Boys!\" He looked back into the dark hallway. \"Looks like we've got us a thief here!\" A figure stepped out of the shadows, and then another, and another. There were five of them, and one of me. Hope barked, I silenced her. \"I didn't steal anything,\" I said calmly. \"Some sheets here are the same as others. You're mistaken.\" Boldly, I moved to get past him, but he blocked my way. \"Excuse me, but you're in my way.\" The man smiled, showing yellowing teeth. I could even see a gold tooth from being so close. \"You ain't goin nowhere missy,\" he said. That was my cue. I lashed out, kicking him in the gut, and raced past his friends. Hands grasped for me but I shrugged them off and kept running to the stairs. I vaulted down the steps two at a time, quickly gaining momentum. suddenly I lost my footing and tumbled down the steps. I screamed, grasping for anything but everything was iced over. The steps jabbed into me and I slammed into the wall at the bottom. I screamed as I felt the army knife tear into my side. But that was the least of my problems-the group had caught up to me. The big man grabbed my coat and hoisted me up in the air like I was a doll. The knife dug deeper into my side. \"I told you, you aint going nowhere. Why is that so hard for you to understand?\" He said. I groaned as he threw me back to the ground again. I closed my eyes. Someone kicked me, but it stopped and I heard a scream. Someone else cried out and someone crashed into a wall. Then it was quiet. Someone turned me on my side and I could barely feel the pain. Slowly, I cracked open my eyes. It was Wes. \"Shizuko,\" he whispered. I blacked out. I was floating, down the hallway, and into a room. Then I fell into the darkness again. \"Hey, you're going to be okay,\" someone said. I fell. I opened my eyes, then shut them quickly again, and opened once more. Squinting, my eyes adjusted to the light and I looked around the room. It was the hotel room. \"I knew you were trouble when ya walked in. Shame on me yeah…\" a familiar male voice sang from the bathroom. I reached up in attempt to cover my ears. \"Goodness,\" I said hoarsely. \"No wonder he didn't take choir.\" Hope barked and jumped up onto the bed. Onto me. \"Ow! Jesus!\" I yelled, pushing Hope off of me. Her weight sent daggers into my side, which was now covered in bandages. The door to the bathroom opened and Wesley came walking out. \"Hey,\" he said. \"You're awake. Are you okay?\" I nodded. \"Yeah, neck hurts a little... Those...?\" Wes scratched the back of his head. \"I think I taught them a lesson.\" I noticed a bruise on his cheek. \"Five against one?\" I asked, pushing myself into a sitting position. I groaned in pain. \"Woah, woah.\" Wesley rushed over and steadied me. \"Looks like I'm taking care of you now.\" I shivered. It had gotten colder. \"Sorry 'bout that. Clumsy me. And I didn't get any food..\" \"Hey, Wesley, can we come in?\" a voice said from outside the wall. I panicked, grabbing onto Wes. \"Who's that?!\" Wes laughed, touching my hand. \"I found a few friends.\" He smiled. \"Yes.\" The door opened and a middle aged man walked in, shadowed by a woman and a young boy. \"Sorry to intrude,\" the man said to Wes. \"But we've brought your girl some pain pills we found.\" He had a touch of a southern accent. Louisiana, maybe. Your girl? \"Thanks,\" said Wes. He handed me the pills. \"Thank you,\" I said to the man. \"I'm Shizuko.\" The woman spoke up, \"I'm Wyoming, this is Bill,\" she pointed to the man, \"and this is Joel,\" she pointed to her son. \"It's nice to meet you.\" Wesley spoke up, \"Wyoming is a vet, she's the one that stitched you up. And Bill's the one who helped me against those men.\" Wyoming spoke up again. \"We were visiting some relatives from Louisiana.\" Boom, CHA CHING. Called it! \"But we had to stop here 'cause of the crowded streets. We barely made it up the stairs when the water came. And it was some woman's yellin that warned us.\" I blushed, she was talking about me. \"Thanks, by the way.\" I motioned to my waist. She smiled and they said their goodbyes, leaving the room.[Chapter 6] So, whoever out there who actually reads this story and enjoys it... Sorry for not posting in a while. When was the last time I posted? Was it that long ago? Anyways... So yeah. Anways... Try to enjoy this chapter. Try?... Maybe... \"Ha!\" I shouted, slapping the three cards on the table; a spades, heart, and diamond of a 2. \"I win! Booyah! Suckers!\" Wes, Wyoming, Bill, Joel, and I were playing Rummy, one of my favorite card games. I'd suggested playing it since there was nothing else to do, and I was having a difficult time moving too much. I was glad for the company though. Wyoming, Bill, and Joel all seemed to be nice people. Joel was the shy and quiet type at first but warmed up to us quickly. The pain pills had helped a lot and now there was just an annoying, repetitive throbbing in my side. Actually, there was another pain in my side: Wesley. He'd chosen to stick to me like glue, asking every other second whether I was okay or not. I knew he was just being nice, but even that could start nerves. If I was any other girl I would have been ecstatic for his attention but I was me, and he was getting annoying. \"Jeez, Shizuko, you don't have to be such a boaster, even if this is your third time winning,\" Wesley said, rolling his eyes. \"Besides, you might hurt yourself moving around like that.\" I stopped dancing and smirked. \"Well I'm sorry Wesley. It's not my fault you suck so much. Bill, Joel, and Wyoming have all won once and you know how many times you've won?\" I formed my hand into the shape of a zero. Wesley rolled his eyes again. \"I'm only letting you win since you're injured.\" My mouth formed an O in ridicule. \"What does me being 'injured' have anything to do with it? This is a game of cards, not a game of soccer. And you're just saying that because you can't win!\" \"Jeez,\" Joel said. \"For a couple, ya both sure fight a lot.\" So it was the couple thing again. Boy, the kid sure did say what was on his mind. From, \"Are you Asian? Your eyes are all squinty,\" to, \"Wesley; I thought guys at your age were supposed to be buff.\" I'd spent 10 minutes laughing at that. I put a hand over my mouth and bent over, mocking throwing up. \"Couple? No, we're just….\" What were we? \"Friends.\" I felt a blush rise to my cheeks and glanced over at Wesley. He was watching me. I looked away. \"Oh, my mistake,\" Joel said. \"It was just-\" He stopped when Wyoming nudged him. \"Another game, anyone?\" Wesley asked. \"Ha,\" I said. \"We're not giving you another shot at winning. Anyway, my bones are getting numb and cold.\" I slowly stood up from the chair. It hurt. \"Yeah,\" Bill agreed. \"And your fire's going out.\" He stood up as well and the others followed. \"Yeah, and I'm hungry,\" Joel said. We'd eaten less than an hour ago. \"Yes, and you need to rest,\" Wyoming said to me. I wasn't tired in the least. Bill started up the fire and Wyoming started cleaning the table. Joel placed the chair against the wall out of the way. Wesley and I shared a glance: we thought the same thing, they were very helpful. \"We'll be in the next room,\" Wyoming said, addressing the both us. \"Call us if you need any help with anything.\" She smiled and they were gone. It was just Wes and I. If you don't count a sleeping dog. \"You heard her,\" Wesley said. \"Get some rest.\" I waved him off. \"I'm not sleepy. You get some sleep. Remember you're not completely healed either.\" \"Wyoming got a good look at me and for the record, I'm a guy.\" \"What?! Being sexist now I hear.\" I crossed my arms and maneuvered closer to the warm fire, away from him. He moved closer to me, touching my elbow. I shivered at his touch, and hoped he didn't notice. He did. \"Cold, huh?\" \"Uh…erm…ah…no. I mean yes!\" I felt my ears go red. What's wrong with me? \"No? Yes?\" He was teasing me now. \"Here.\" I felt a blanket wrap around me and he had to move closer to me so it would cover us both. His shoulder and leg pressed against mine. \"Are you okay? You look a little pale.\" \"Y-yeah, I'm fine,\" I stuttered, then frowned. \"Bill, Joel, and Wyoming are nice, you know? They're lucky they have each other. I really hope my mom's okay. A hospital might not be such a bad place to be right now, maybe. She's all I have. I really hope she's not…\" I couldn't say it. I sighed, looking at Wesley, who know seemed only inches away. What I said was probably only blubbering to him. \"What about you?\" He was silent for a while, his face now sad. But he then spoke up. \"My mom moved away when I was young. To Texas, so I'm sure she's fine. My dad was a cook, a chef…\" I noticed he said 'was' and he'd already told me about his dad. I frowned, something was wrong. \"So he was a chef. For what?\" Wesley's frown deepened. \"For this hotel.\" My eyes widened and I started feeling miserable. So his dad was gone. I shouldn't have brought it up. \"I'm sorry.\" And I really was. No one deserved losing a loved one, but that's how it was. \"Ah, don't be. He could be a pain sometimes.\" Wesley stared at the fire, then looked at me. \"Why is your mom in the hospital?\" \"Damn brain tumors,\" I muttered. \"Dad?\" \"Died in service. He was in the navy.\" I remembered being able to go on one of the ships he was stationed on when I was younger. But even that memory was fading away. \"That's horrible. Our lives kind of suck, don't they?\" \"Yeah.\" And, I didn't know why, but my hand, like stupid magnets, took his in mine. My face was burning, but not due to the fire. The awkward moment was broken when someone came through the door. We turned, separating ourselves, as Bill entered the room. \"Hey, ya gotta come see,\" he said. Er... So reviews. Again, sorry I haven't posted in a while because school sucks so much. Yeah... So you like Bleach doncha know. Random... I know. But I like the Bleach anime. Except for fillers, some fillers, they're annoying. Okay chau.[Chapter 7] So this is maybe the crappiest chapters. EVAH. But, oh well. I didn't know what to put so I just introduced a new character. See who it is. Not that exciting though. Plus, this is a fairly short chaper, 400 words short. Sorry about that. I've just been busy with freaking (retarded) school lately. But, I can't wait till it gets out in a couple of weeks. Still have to study for exams though. :( We followed Bill down the hallway into a big sitting room. On one side, Wyoming and Joel had gathered around a tall, wide window. They were staring at something below. Curiously, I quickened my pace to the window. \"They're leaving the city. Trying to get south,\" Bill said as I peered out the window. There were dozens of people, some carrying sleds and some in sleds, trudging on the frozen water. I noticed a couple of children, and some animals. Heading south. I frowned. \"It's below zero out there. What are they thinking?\" Wyoming nodded at this. \"The south is warmer. Maybe they're hoping for safety. Before it gets worse.\" Now Wesley piped up. \"I don't think they'll get safety out there. What if it gets worse?\" No one replied to his unanswered question but we all knew the answer. We continued observing the small crowds. They began to decrease and reduced to no more than a dozen. A few minutes of silence and tension passed by until the last person was seen. I was about to turn away before Wesley let out a shout. I jumped, startled, and winced at the slight pain in my abdomen. I had almost forgotten it was there. \"Look!\" Wesley said excitedly. I smiled, amused, as he looked out the window like a little kid looked at a lollipop. \"Look!\" he repeated, pointing to a lone figure approaching the hotel. \"It's Neil!\" Before I knew it, Wesley zipped out of the room, out of sight, before I could yell after him. Wyoming and I exchanged wary glances that said What the hell? . \"I should go after him,\" I said, glancing at Bill. Bill shook his head and pointed out the window. I turned my head as Wes, appearing outside out of nowhere, embraced the so called Neil in a long hug a few meters away. They pulled apart after a few minutes, patting each other on the backs. I'd never seen Wesley so happy and wondered who the stranger was. Neil seemed like a familiar name to me, though not many people were named Neil. We dispersed from the window after Wesley and Neil disappeared back into the hotel. \"Do you know who that is?\" Bill asked me as we waited. I shook my head. We heard laughing male voices around the corner approaching and looked curiously down the hall right as they appeared. Wesley's arm was strung around another man's shoulder, whom, I realized, wasn't much older than him. The mysterious new stranger carried a duffel bag slung over one shoulder and had similar features to Wesley; long black hair, handsome. He had a long noise, pale skin, and was shorter than Wesley. His figure, even under his large coat and pants, seemed lean yet defined. I knew instantly who it was, his brother. \"Hello,\" Wesley's brother said, stopping in front of us. He and Wesley had twin grins on their faces. He surveyed our group, his gaze landing on me. I felt a blush rise to my cheeks and looked away. \"I'm Neil, Wesley's brother. Sorry to intrude, but I thought it was a good time to visit my little bro,\" he joked, ruffling Wesley on the head. Wesley frowned and playfully shoved his brothers' hand away, the kid in him coming back out. \"Nice to meet you,\" Bill said, the first one to reply. They exchanged smiles and shook hands. We all introduced each other briefly. I felt glad, not only for a new face, but for Wesley, who seemed ecstatic. \"Are you guys a family?\" Neil asked, pointing to all of us. I was beginning to correct him when Wesley chuckled, somewhat directed at me. I frowned. \"She's with me,\" Wesley corrected Neil, pulling me closer to him. Neil raised an eyebrow. I had a feeling he was getting the wrong idea. I began to open my mouth when Wesley interrupted. Freak, I thought, glaring evilly at him. He ignored me, obviously having fun, and complained about being cold, directing us back to the rooms to talk. Bill and his family went back to theirs to give the brothers privacy but Wesley insisted I stay with him and Neil. I felt like I was intruding until Wesley set me down in a chair right next to his. I frowned. Neil set his bags down, looking around the room, at me, then at the room again. \"Where's-\" he began. \"No,\" Wesley said, suddenly looking depressed before he brightened up again. It took me a few seconds before I figured Neil was asking about his dad. A glazed expression passed quickly over his eyes, though he held his composure. I watched as he gave his brother a little tour before they sat down. Next to me. I twisted in my seat, uncomfortable from my wound and the two men. Unfortunately, Wes noticed. \"You okay?\" he asked. He looked at me with sincere eyes. I nodded, but his frown deepened. Wesley stood up and I began to panic. \"I'm fine, seriously,\" I said, holding my hands up. My protests did nothing and I was forced under the covers of the bed. I felt like a child being tucked in. \"What's wrong?\" Neil asked his brother, looking at me. Wesley indulged in an in-depth explanation to his brother, who was now casting most of his attention to me. I sank deeper into the covers. \"Shizuko then?\" Neil asked on pronunciation as Wesley finished up. \"Yeah, Origashumi. Shizuko Origashumi.\" Review, or don't review. Crappy chapter, I know. I suck. Is that what you're thinking? Yeah. Sorry bout that.[Chapter 8] \"She has a fever,\" a female voice said above me. I groggily opened my eyes but my vision was blurred so I shut them again. I noticed there was a familiar tune stuck in my head. It was quiet but it grew louder like a train approaching. \"Dango, dango,\" I sang along with the music, \"dango, dango dango, dango, daikazoku. Dango, dango, dango, dango dango, daikazoku. Yancha na Yaki dango. Yasashii an dango.\" Sukoshi yumemigachi na Tsukimi dango. Osumashi goma dango . Yotsu ko kushi dango . Minna minna awasete . Hyakunin kazoku . Akachan dango wa itsumo . Shiawase no naka de. Toshiyori dango wa me o hosometeru. The music slowed and faded out, leaving voices above my head. I couldn't make much out and they sounded familiar yet similar to a foreign language: \"Weit ich che chinging?\" \"I hag no gloo.\" \"Ich che ogay?\" \"Probobee noyt.\" I felt something touch me and pain erupted in my waist. I groaned and opened my eyes. I could make out a few figures hovering over me, growing clearer and clearer. \"Sorry,\" the female said again. My vision grew clearer as I made out Wyoming examining my wound. Everyone was there, too. Joel and Bill were sitting in a chair near the fire, while Wes, Wyoming, and Neil hovered over me. Even Hope was sitting on my now numb legs. I felt uncomfortable from all the attention. \"Her wounds are actually healing pretty well,\" Wyoming said. \"I'm guessing her body has been working so hard to heal itself and overcome this cold.\" I didn't feel that cold under all the blankets they'd assembled over me. I opened my mouth to speak but my throat felt parched and warm. Clearing my sore throat, I said, \"Can I have some water?\" Immediately, Wesley set off and returned a second later with a frosty bottle of water. \"Drink this. It's nice and cold.\" Wait, I thought I was trying to overcome the cold? But my dry throat thought otherwise. I attempted to sit up, but my head felt like a billion pounds. After a second of struggle, it plopped back down onto the pillow. I looked to Wes for help. Smiling, Wesley cupped the back of my head ever to softly, tilted it up, and brought the water to my lips. The soothing liquid ran down my throat, making me feel a little bit better. My attention was on the water but when it shifted slightly, my gaze soon fell on Wesley. A blush crept to my cheeks and I almost choked. \"You okay?\" Wesley said, removing the empty bottle and setting my head down on the pillow. I nodded, still blushing. A blotch of pink appeared before me. A splash of color on Wes's pale cheeks before it disappeared. I didn't know if I had been imagining it or not. \"This doesn't have much nutrition, but it will give you some of your energy back, so eat up,\" Wyoming said, setting a plastic plate full of food beside me. I moved to sit up and, without asking, Wesley helped me. \"Thanks,\" I said and grabbed the plate. Wesley shuffled the blankets down to my legs and I was met with the freezing cold. Definitely colder than it was yesterday, but now that the food was in front of me I realized I was starving. Having gone to bed early the day before hadn't helped much. On the plate were stacked pieces of bacon that smelled delicious and caused my mouth to water, two cups of green and red jello, a bag of cheddar ruffles, and a Twix bar. Yummmmmmmmm. They'd hit the jackpot on that one. I went to unwrap the Twix when I realized the awkward silence throughout the room and the familiar tickles I got when people watched me. \"Um...\" I slowly raised my eyes at them. It took them a moment for them to get the idea but Wyoming gave a surprised \"Oh!\" and led her family out the room. Neil returned to his seat by the fire and Wesley stayed where he was. \"What?\" he asked as I stared at him. I scowled. \"Is your favorite pastime watching people eat?\" \"Only pretty girls.\" Wesley smirked. Pretty, what a jock. So there was the jock in him. He hadn't show that side of him in days but I felt good about him cheering up a little. Covering my slight smile, I scowled again and turned to eat my food. \"'I agree with Ralph. We've got to have rules and obey them. After all, we're not savages. We're English, and the English are best at everything. So we've got to do the right thi'\" \"Stop,\" I said to Wesley. \"Why are you reading Lord of the Flies to me?\" Wesley smirked from his seat by the fire. \"You said you were bored.\" \"I am. But Lord of the Flies is the kind of book that makes people more bored.\" \"She's right,\" Neil piped in. \"I had to read Lord of the Flies in high school. Though I don't remember much about the book, I do remember falling asleep trying to read it.\" Wesley scowled. \"Man, you guys are no fun.\" I smiled and, trying to copy a British accent, I said, \"Sucks to your ass-mar.\" Wesley's smiled dropped as he stared at me. \"What?\" I asked. Stare. \"What?\" Stare. \"Seriously-\" \"You have a horrible British accent,\" he said. I frowned. \"Like you can do any better.\" \"Bah! I can. Sucks to your ass-mar,\" Wesley said in a semi-perfectly executed British accent. \"Pfft, bro, I can do much better than you,\" Neil said in a perfect British accent. \"Sucks to your ass-mar.\" \"That's way better than yours, Wesley!\" I laughed. He scowled. \"Like you should be talking.\" \"Baka!\" I yelled. I grabbed a half empty frozen water bottle from my bed and threw it at him. It hit Neil right in the middle of his face. \"I'm sorry!\" I covered my mouth, attempting to hide a growing smile. \"No need to apologize, mademoiselle,\" Neil said, standing. He walked over to my bedside.\"After all, your intentions were pure.\" Neil took my hand and raised it to his lips. Panicking, I slid my hand out from his, returning it under the warm covers. Neil stood there awkwardly with his hand raised. My face reddened. \"Uh...\" I began. \"I'm sick... and...uh...I don't want you getting sick.\" Neil smiled and returned to his chair near his brother. \"Of course,\" he said. \"Thank you for being-\" I'd tuned him out by then and was staring at Wes. Wes, who was staring at the ground with a scowl on his red face. He almost seemed... mad...but...why? He couldn't be...jealous... I felt the corner of my lip turn up. Suddenly, Wesley's head snapped up and he glared at his brother. \"What do you mean her intentions were pure!? She tried to hurt me!\" I giggled as the brothers engaged in an argument. The tension in the room had gone. Which relieved me. But after a while Hope began to bark. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, petting her on her back. I'd thought she'd either was hungry or had to use the restroom. But I noticed her barks were more aggressive. Seconds later, the trio family burst into the room, Bill leading, all looking panicked. Bill was the first to speak. \"We've got a problem.\" \"Baka\", btw, means idiot or stupid in Japanese. Yep. I know my Japanese. Eh eh. So the next chapter is probably going to be the last one. Yo. I might write a fanfic for Lord of the Rings or Ironman. Not that you care. (Anyone?) So... please leave reviews all you nice people out there. (Anyone?) Besides Ponyo.[Chapter 9] Thanks to Avalongirl55 for reviewing. Yeah, I love Neil too. Arigato to ponyo too, you know who you are. :) Here we go. Last chapter. \"What is it? Wesley asked, already standing, his brother following suit. \"Come see,\" Bill said and motioned for them to follow. He and his family disappeared out the door, the brothers on their heels. Wesley stopped, one foot out the door, and turned to me. \"Stay here,\" he said and left. I let out a breath of air, which I could see in front of me, and slung the covers off to the side. I shivered, noticing the drop in temperature. For a moment, I felt like going back in bed under the warm sheets, but I dismissed the thought and kept walking. I peered out the door, to the left then to the right but there was no one there. I pouted. At the speed they were moving it must've been something important. \"Which way should we go?\" I asked Hope. She barked and sniffed the ground to the right. \"That way then?\" Hope barked in response and began walking in that direction. I followed, taking slow steps in order to keep my balance. After long hours of staying in bed, my legs had forgotten how to function properly. We continued walking and I realized Hope was leading me to the place we'd met Neil. I wondered what was going on there. A few more turns and we arrived in the open space. Like last time, Wes, Neil, and the trio family were staring out the window with wide, confused, eyes. The view from where I stood was shrouded so I took a step closer. \"What is that?\" Neil asked in wonder. I took another step closer and finally saw what they were looking at. Dark clouds loomed ahead, coming closer and closer at a very fast pace. But that wasn't all. I noticed one tall building's windows were shattering from the bottom to the top and an American flag on a pole had stopped moving. Weird, I thought. A few heads turned my way and I took I'd said that out loud. Wesley furrowed his brow at me, probably wondering what I was doing there. I smiled rebelliously at him. \"What's weird?\" I heard Neil say. I looked at him. \"The flag,\" I stated bluntly. Heads turned back to the window to find what I was talking about. Wesley looked back at me. \"What's weird about that?\" he asked. I was about to shrug when the little boy, Joel, piped up. \"There should be wind out there,\" he said. \"See?\" He nodded outside. \"The clouds are moving toward us but that flag isn't moving. So it must be so cold out there it's frozen stiff. Same goes for the windows. The sudden drop in temperature is causing them to shatter since glass can't stand such cold.\" Yeah, what he said, I thought. The dark clouds outside had gotten much closer in the short time. \"Can we stand such cold?\" I asked somewhat mockingly. Joel shrugged. \"Probably not.\" I frowned, was he serious? We were going to die? But then I had an idea. We had a good heat source that could keep us warm. \"Let's go back to the rooms…\" I said and heads nodded. We rushed to our room, Bill deciding it was safer to share one with us. I was the last one through the door when I saw a trail off white creeping down the hall toward us. \"What's that?\" I asked no one in particular. Wesley peeked out the door and his eyes widened in horror. \"Frost,\" he said. He shut the door and hurriedly rushed around the room. \"Feed the fire!\" He yelled, throwing a magazine into the fire. It flared up out of the can, but quickly receded. Understanding his actions, I looked around the room for some paper or wood. I threw one thing after another into the fire; the Lord of the Flies book, a sheet of paper, the box of cards. The fire grew slowly, snapping at us as we fed it, but not fast enough. A white sheet of ice had spread through the gaps in the door and was making its way toward us. \"Come on, come on,\" I muttered, willing it to stop. And to my surprise, it did. I let out a gasp of relief and slumped on the bed. The others laughed, relieved also. \"Hey,\" I heard a gruff voice say. I looked to where Wesley stood, looking down at his chair. \"Where'd my Lord of the Flies go?\" I tried not to smile, and his eyes met mine. \"It's cold,\" I whispered to Wesley beside me. \"So I heard for the umpteenth time,\" he muttered and shifted slightly under the covers, pulling them towards his side of the bed. Cursing, I yanked them back over to my side. \"Don't do that!\" I heard Wesley chuckle and he turned the face me. I stopped myself from gasping at the closeness but felt my face go red. Wyoming had insisted he share the bed with me since he \"still crippled and ain't got nothing but a shirt on,\" she'd said. I'd insisted using a chair but there weren't enough for all of us and I was also crippled. It was very awkward at first and we'd been at the outermost sides of the bed to the point of falling off till it'd gotten too cold. So there we were. Wesley looked at me quizzically. \"Are you okay? You're a little red.\" I could feel his breath on my face and it took everything in me not too look at his thin lips. I looked away. Well of course I'm red. I thought. The boy, who I have come to like, is inches away from me. I looked back at Wesley, who, for some reason was grinning like a maniac. \"What?\" I asked. His smile widened. \"So you didn't like me before?\" I gasped. I'd said a thought out loud again. Something was seriously wrong with my brain-mouth coordination. I had admitted to Wesley I liked him so suddenly, when he was inches away. I wanted to hit my head against the wall or let the cold take me away. He knew it, and I wondered if he had know for a while. But the real question was, did he like me back? I groaned and refused to look at him, mustering up the will to speak. My words came out shaky, like I was on a bumpy roller coaster. \"No, I mean... no..\" What was I saying? \"I don't like me...no...uh..\" \"Stop,\" Wesley said. My eyes widened at the single finger on my lips. He let his finger slide to his pillow, and the gap between us slowly lessened. He was leaning forward, I was frozen, not only literally, afraid of what I should do. My eyes clenched shut and my head moved forward at it's own pace. Apparently, too fast. My head bumped into his awkwardly and I began to pull away but his lips pressed against mine. For a minute, I did nothing out of shock, but I relaxed and let the warmth from his mouth radiate into mine. His head shifted slightly, allowing for a better angle. Our kiss deepened and at that moment I was glad the tall pile of sheets hid us from the others sights. Wesley ran his tongue against my bottom lip, sending tingles throughout my spine. I was no longer cold. I was on fire. The loud sound of shuffling feet woke me up the next day. My eyes fluttered open to nothing but empty sheets. I sat up in panic and looked around the room for Wesley. There were a million thoughts running through my head: Where's Wesley? Is he okay? What happened yesterday? We kissed? No, we made out? No we didn't. Did we? It's warmer? Why does my side hurt so much? Oh, there's Wesley. He stood by the fire, staring at me with a funny expression on his face. I frowned. \"What?\" \"Nothing,\" he said. His gaze shifted to my head. \"Aaah!\" I yelled and smoothed my frizzy hair down. Wesley laughed. \"That's not funny! You could have said something earlier!\" \"I did,\" he said, still chuckling. Neil stood with him by the fire, something in his hand. I squinted through the daylight. \"What's that?\" I asked him. \"Oh this?\" Neil waved the stick made of pencils and tape around in his hand. \"We're having smores for breakfast.\" I smiled at the thought of smores and realized how hungry I was, and the absence of people. \"Where'd Bill, Wyoming, and Joel go?\" \"They're getting some graham crackers from their room,\" Wes said. I nodded, swung my legs off the bed, and headed to the bathroom. I paused at the doorway, my hand about to turn the knob, when it vibrated. I stopped, questioning if it was my imagination or not, but then it shook again. There was one thing I knew for certain, door knobs did not vibrate on their own. There was a faint sound of humming above me. I tilted my head to the ceiling and looked back at the brothers. Their heads were tilted too, they'd heard the same thing. The humming sound grew louder until we could correctly identify it. Looks were exchanged around the room and our faces lit up with grins. \"Helicopter!\" we yelled simultaneously, Hope barking. We dropped everything and ran out the door, up all the sets up stairs, and to the roof. The trio family was already there. The were waving and yelling at the sky, huge smiles on their faces. I looked up to see what we'd been waiting for, hoping for. I knew it the moment I saw the gleaming metal in the sky, the moment it circled back around. We were saved. THE END. Yes that's the end. Yep. If you wanted to know, her mom lived. Yeaya. Cause I'm nice. Thank you all who read this. I hope more people do, but thank you to Avalongirl55, Rihimesama , kam234, B.o.B Rules , fantasyinmymind, KiwiRock , Dropout Bear 9, Arrowned , leezee, and prolixius5 for either reviewing, favoriting, or following my story as I wrote it. Anyways review, what'd you think of my fanfic? A.) \"I liked it.\" B.) \"It was okay...\" C.) \"I hated it! It was horrible!\" D.) Nuetral E.) \"I am speechless! It was so amazing!\" ","Summary":" \"For homework, I want you to do page 358, numbers 1-45. Due Monday,\" Mrs. Gunner said. The whole "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Le secret de Terabithia 2: Paris, Nous Voici!","Author":"Opel Vectra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12141944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 1 : Vous croyez que c'était fini ? dommage ! La vie n'est pas facile pour Jess Aarons, un jeune garçon solitaire, timide et introverti âgé de 12 ans dont la famille, nombreuse, connaît des difficultés financières. Au collège, il est le souffre-douleur de deux garçons de sa classe et d'une fille de quatrième. À la maison, son père le rabroue sans arrêt, et seule sa passion pour le dessin lui offre une évasion. Heureusement, il se lie d'amitié avec sa nouvelle voisine, Leslie Burke, la fille d'un couple d'écrivains, du même âge que lui, qui elle aussi a du mal à s'intégrer à l'école, certainement dû au fait qu'elle n'a pas de télévision chez elle. Ensemble, ils inventent un monde imaginaire, Térabithia, dans lequel ils fuient la dure réalité de la vie quotidienne. Tout se passe mieux pour Jess, jusqu'au jour où Leslie est retrouvée décédée par noyade dans la rivière qui sépare le monde réel de Térabithia. Jess refuse donc de croire à la mort de sa seule amie... Une semaine après le drame, Jess quitta la maison et courut jusqu'à un Volkswagen Combi abandonné…il frappa à la porte… « Mot de passe… » « Annasophia Robb » Leslie lui ouvrit la porte et… « Le grand Jess Aarons… » « La très grande Leslie Burke… » « T'es en retard mec… » « Désolé, c'était le diner…ça fait super plaisir de te revoir… » Pour résumer, Leslie a fait semblant d'être morte, juste histoire de se débarasser des cours et de tout le tralala… « T'as bientôt fini ? » « Oui, avec ce mannequin, tout le monde aura l'impression de : « ooh mon dieu ! Jess est mort comme sa copine Leslie ! » sinon, où on va pour notre nouvelle vie ? » « Paris » « en France ? » « ouais… Les Champs Elysées, La tour Eiffel… » « et aussi Les Champs Elysées et La tour Eiffel… pas vrai ? » Les deux complices éclatent de rire en savourant la victoire de leur plan machiavélique… Chez Melle Edmunds, ce même soir… Le telephone sonne et… « Allo ?» « On est prêt patronne ! » A SUIVRE…[Chapter 2] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 2 : Leslie J'ai pas raté l'avion… Dans l'avion, ça swinge…. « oooooooooooo champs élysées… oooooooooooo champs élyséeeees ! au soleil ! Sous la pluie ! À midi ! Ou à minuit ! Il y aura tout ce que vous voudrez, o champs élysééés ! ! » Leslie et Jess écoutent un peu de musique quand… Melle Edmunds « Bon, maintenant, ça suffit là, je veux plus entendre un mot ! » Leslie « Relax…on essaie juste de se divertir un peu… » Melle Edmunds « Vous aurez tout le temps de vous divertir à Paris… Prenez un p'tit break, le temps qu'on arrive ! » Leslie Bien sur…Jess, avec moi ! « oooooooooooo champs élysées… oooooooooooo champs élyséeeees ! » Melle Edmunds (facepalm) Une vieille dame arrive et rouspète : La vieille dame « dites donc, vous pourriez pas dire à vos mômes de se la fermer ? » « C'est pas mes enfants ! » Leslie en rajoute… « Pas de problème maman, on se la ferme, comme la vieille bique nous a dit de faire… » La vieille dame « j'ai bien entendu ? » Un vieux chnok arrive et retiens la vieille de donner une raclée à Leslie « Zen Adélaïde…t'as été jeune toi aussi…(à nos héros) excusez la, elle est un peu sénile en ce moment alors… » Tandis que le couple s'éloigne, Jess et Melle Edmunds regardent Leslie en soupirant…. Leslie « bah quoi ?» À l'aeroport, Jess, Leslie et Melle Edmunds descendent de l'avion et ne se doutent pas qu'Adelaïde les suit de près… A SUIVRE…[Chapter 3] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 3 : vus à la télé Chez Jess… c'est tristesse et compagnie…. Tout le monde pleure, sauf May-Belle qui est devant la télé… « Brenda, j'arrive pas à croire que Jess est mort…c'est comme sa copine….elle s'appelait comment déja ?» « Bessie…Berk, ou quelque chose comme ça… » « ah si, ça me revient…Leslie… Leslie Burke….» May Belle « Du silence vous deux ! Y'a la famille Kardashian qui va commencer!…. » À la télé… Presentateur « Bonsoir, j'me présente, je suis Jennifer Lopez et votre programme préféré \"l'incroyable famille Kardashian\" sera remplacé par un documentaire sur la vie d'Elvis Presley qui nous a quittés il y a… » Jess Sr./T-1000 ? « eh ça suffit là! J'suis plus capable d'entendre ce champ lexical » (zapp) (Le secret de Terabithia) « Ton amie Leslie est morte… » (zapp) (Le roi lion) « longue vie au roi ! » (zapp) (Bambi) « ta mere ne pourra plus jamais être avec toi… » (zapp) (Cars 2) « vous…retrouvez ce 2eme agent…liquidez le… » Jess Sr./T-1000 ? (s'en va) « j'crois que j'vais être malade !» À Paris Leslie, Jess et Melle Edmunds sont aux Galeries Lafayette…où un nouveau magasin venait d'ouvrir… Soudain des journalists viennent… La présentatrice « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(à Leslie) [•REC] Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » Jess à Leslie « allez Leslie , vas-y fais pas ta timide!… » Leslie « je sais pas parler français moi ! » TV host « QUOI ? ahhhh you are inglishe ! so, have you visitid ze niou shop dat opened in dat gallerie» Jess « yes indeed, we visited, and tha was super amazing and super shiny!…. » « i think we better go…bye ! » (aux enfants) « vous êtes impossibles tout les deux, et si vos parents vous auraient repérés ?!» Jess « y'a pas de danger…. » Leslie « là où on est, ils peuvent pas nous trouver….» Mais Adelaïde, (la vieille dans l'avion) les suit toujours… A SUIVRE….[Chapter 4] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 4 : c'est qui eux ? Dans un appart, à Paris, Jess et Leslie regardent « Terminator 2 » avec le T-1000… Jess « il est genial ce film… » Leslie « eh regarde un peu…c'est ton père ! sauf qu'il est tout nu ! » Jess « très drôle Leslie… » Leslie « au fait, désolé de t'avoir collé la honte devant les journalistes…. » Jess « c'est pas grave… un p'tit chewing-gum? » Leslie « non merci… » Chez Jess…Le père regarde Bridge to Terabithia et pleurniche… La mère « tu regardes quoi ? » Jess Sr. « rien du tout… (Ferme l'onglet) je…cherchais une idée de cadeau pour l'anniversaire de May-Belle…. » La mère « ouais…c'est ça…depuis quand t'as une figurine de Jess? » Jess Sr. « Touche pas, c'est à moi ! » il appuie sur la tête et « non vous mentez, elle est pas morte… » La mère « j'peux voir? » Jess Sr. « naaan! Tu vas le casser! » Le père appuie sans le vouloir sur le bouton play d'une vidéo… Interview : La présentatrice « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(à Leslie) Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » À suivre…[Chapter 5] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 5 : François Après avoir vu l'interview, les parents de Jess décident d'engager François Latouffue, détective privé qui connait Paris comme sa poche et ex-petit ami de la mère de Jess pour retrouver Leslie et leur fils… François (à la mère) « alors beauté…c'est quoi ton problème ? » Jess Sr. « on a vu notre fils dans une interview dans les galeries Lafayettes… » François « et ? » Jess Sr. « on l'a vu, alors que ce fils de vieille bique est mort noyé comme sa copine ! » Le père se prend une gifle Jess Sr. « désolé chérie …(à François) j'vais te montrer… » (interview) Présentatrice « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(à Leslie) Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » François « eh! Cette fille, c'est pas celle qui joue la macheuse de chewing gum dans \"Charlie et la chocolaterie\" ? il est super ce film…» Jess Sr. « Ferme la Duchnok ! on t'a pas appelé pour raconter ta life…on t'as appelé pour ramener notre fils pour qu'il soit privé de sortie et confiné dans sa chambre pendant les 18 prochaines années ! » May-Belle arrive May-Belle « Privée de sortie et confinée dans ma chambre pendant les 18 prochaines années ! ça se fait trop pas ! » François « Bonjour jolie p'tite frimousse ! comment tu t'appelles ? » La mère de Jess « tu devais pas être au lit ? » May-Belle « il est que 17h… » La mère de Jess « ah oui, c'est vrai… May-Belle c'est François, un copain de lycée…François, May-Belle» François (sourire béta) « Enchanté… » Jess Sr. « (pousse François) va dans ta chambre… » May-Belle « Jess est mort ! et vous le savez ! c'est pas possible qu'il soit dans cet interview…» Jess Sr. «de quoi je me mêle ?» La mère de Jess « May-Belle, va au lit… » May-Belle « j't'emmerde… » La mère de Jess « euuh pardon, j'ai pas bien entendu…tu peux répéter s'il te plait ? » May-Belle « ouais j'ai dit j't'emmerde…j't'emmerde…j't'emmerde…j't'emmerde…j't'emmerde…j't'emmerde » La mère de Jess « p*tain mais tu vas fermer ta gueule espèce de morveuse TU TE PRENDS POUR QUI là?… » May-Belle « ouais bah j'me prend pour le fils d'une auteur de roman où le gentil meurt à la fin… (gros blanc) j't'ai cassée là tu sais plus quoi dire….» (François et le père de Jess sont PTDR)… François étant engagé…VA T'IL REUSSIR SA MISSION ? A SUIVRE….[Chapter 6] Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 6 : aaaaaaaaah Paris…. Dans la rue où habite Jess, Scott et Gary, les deux enflures qui s'amusaient à martyriser Jess se font tirer dessus avec un bazooka par… ? « Alors, ça fait quoi d'être attaqué hein ? bon… ASSEZ RI! Où sont Jess et Leslie ?… » Scott « ils sont morts ! Et tout le monde le sai… » BLAM! (Scott se fait descendre….) ? « de toute façon, il existait pas dans le roman… (to Gary) bon, maintenant pour la dernière fois… Où sont Jess et Leslie ?… » Gary « mais j'en sais rien moi! » BLAM! (Gary se fait descendre aussi….) À l'aeroport Charles Degaulle,une mauvaise surprise attend François dans sa valise…. François « eh! Mais qu'est ce que tu fais là toi? » BLAM! ? « Hehehehehe….La ferme, du chnok ! » Après avoir achevé François avec un pistolet silencieux, le tueur appelle des renforts… ? «ouais, je viens d'arriver…encore merci de les avoir trouvés…je vous rejoins… » Alors que Jess, Leslie et Melle Edmunds sont devant la tour eiffel….Leslie écoute sur son Ipod … \"oooooooh nuit bellle nuit…sous un ciel d'Italie…on t'appelle…bella notte….\" Jess- tu t'es trompé de film, Leslie Leslie- ouais mais… on était comme qui dirait dans un film de disney peut être… Jess- c'est vrai…\" \"et dans les disney, personne ne meurt et …\" Jess- faux…y'a un film où il y a la meuf blonde qui meurt….comment il s'appelait? … Leslie- Psychose ? Jess- ça aurait pu, mais c'est pas ça… C'était adapté d'un livre trop naze avec la blonde dans « Charlie et la chocolaterie » Leslie- désolé, je donne ma langue au chat…et vous M'dame ? vous auss… Mais c'etait trop tard…Melle Edmunds est liquidée…Jess voit alors une lumière rouge sur le font de Leslie…. \"à terre!\" BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! (qqn tire sur Jess et Leslie avec un sniper…) Leslie- oouf! ..merci de m'avoir sauvée Jess… Jess- normal…entre copains on se serre les coudes… … Je voulais pas que tu finisses comme la fille dans « Le secret de Terabithia »…\" Leslie- Le secret de Terabithia » ? MAIS OUI ! (elle embrasse Jess) merci, c'était ce film là dont de parl… JESS!ATTENTION !… (Adélaïde et son boss tirent sur Jess et Leslie…) May-Belle \"WAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA bye-bye frangin!\" Jess \"MAY BELLE! Toi ici ? quelle surprise….\" May-Belle (tire sur Adélaïde)\"désolé la vieille, j'ai plus besoin de toi…(pointe son sniper sur Jess) espèce de sale hypocrite! menteur ! faux jeton! De quel toi tu oses nous faire ça! Je sais pas ce qui me retient de te faire sauter la cervelle!\" Jess \" (fait un clin d'oeil à Leslie) tout ça c'est de ta faute leslie! Si t'avais pas eu cette idée, la morveuse ne serait pas après nous…\" Leslie \"ma faute ? mais c'est toi qui a voulu que je fasse semblant d'être morte pour contacter un réalisateur pour un film!\" Jess \"quoi ?\" May-Belle \"il faut que je sois dans ce film!\" Jess et Leslie \"maintenant!\" Après avoir mis May-Belle K.O, un mec habillé en réalisateur arrive et… \"Salut vous deux, je cherche deux enfants acteur, un garçon brun et une fille blonde pour un drame fantastique adapté d'un livre et…vous avez le profil idéal…\" FIN...[Chapter 7] Épilogue : Après 1 mois à Paris, Jess et Leslie se disputent pour x raison… Puis ils se retrouvent 10 ans plus tard, se marient et vivent heureux en tant que personnages de romans libres de la volonté de l'auteur… Quant à Maybelle, elle était en réalité un personnage abandonné par l'auteur qui était jaloux du succès de Jess (il est devenu la sœur de Jess dans la version finale du roman au lieu de prendre la place de Jess…), il n'avait qu'une seule qualité : métamorphe… Jess et Leslie ont neutralisé Maybelle/Max (son vrai nom) avec l'aide de Jess (celui du téléfilm sorti uniquement aux USA) qui était un psychopathe repenti grâce à son amour pour Melle Edmunds (toujours celle du film de 1985…) FIN ","Summary":" Le Secret de Terabithia 2 : Paris, Nous Voici ! Chapitre 1 : Vous croyez que c'était fini ? dommage"},{"Movie":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","Title":"The journey continues","Author":"MasterFran","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10400134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Before you read, noted the following: My stories based partially on the stories \"The day New York stood still\" by Sam Sparks and Rudy, the redbeaked ratbird\" by Cody the Maverick. I don't own the stories, please read them first for Background. I don't own CWACOM and CWACOM 2. The rest belongs to me :D. Now enjoy, there will be more chapters: Since the return from San Franjose life was a roller coaster ride. The construction of Sparkswood that Flint, Sam and their friends have begun, came to a standstill for two months as Sam was seriously injured during an earthquake in New York. She survived with luck her injuries; her punctured lung, which nearly cost her life, was healing well. Because multiple fractures in her legs, she could only move three months in a wheelchair. So that was not enough: One presented at the emergency operation firmly on top of that Sam was pregnant since 8 weeks. To Flint and Sam's great relief, the fetus survived the risky surgery. The two had been married for a month; so close came the two to since the fall of LIVE Corp. and the earthquake in New York. On the wedding day Sam was already able to walk with her leg braces on crutches. A few days later Sparkswood was finally finished; the friends have met, despite Sam's accident, very hard to make progress. Sam had to hidden in Flint's lab coat around not to show her face, as Brent and Earl carrying her brought in her new empire: the weather Tower of Sparkswood, a gem of Swallow Falls. Flint and Manny had it equipped with the best technology and set up another compartment for Astronomy on the top floor of the tower. Many of the old LIVE Corp. Workers changed according to Swallow Falls into the weather station where Flint had transferred the full management to Sam. Among them were Woolf, the man with his idea pants, Flinty McCallahan and Louise, the last leader of Chester V's Sentinel … All the inhabitants of Swallow Falls returned to the island where Earl was appointed as the new mayor and chief policeman of the city and Sparkswood. The city, that was buried under the foodimal jungle, was exposed, new houses were built. The Baby Brent sardines factory opened again under the direction of Flint's father Tim Lockwood. He and his best friends, the pickles, recently opened a fishing school where Tim taught his friends fishing; proud to be able to pursue his old fisherman life. This morning, four months after the earthquake, the sun shone warmly down from heaven on the newly built Swallow Falls. Flint and Sam were alone on a trip, but Sam repeatedly stumbled on their hike. It were the first days where she loaded her legs without crutches and leg braces. It was hard for her, but she gritted her teeth, despite Flint's big worries, and kept pace with him. Flint's goal was the great plain where he had invited Sam to an \"event\" for almost two years earlier. Using a new software Flint was able to control his FLDSMDFR, that Machine who had created the foodimals and the whole new landscape, so that he produced food or foodimals at the right time. It had three days to prepare the jello castle again so as it stood before the food storm. At the rise in the last few meters Sam finally collapsed in the grass, holding her legs. This track was too much strain on her weak shins. \"Come on Sam, get up, equal we have it done. Just a few more feet. \", said Flint, who had gone into a crouch beside her. \"This no longer works ...\" Sam replied weakly, as she tried to charge her legs again, only to break down again. \"Why must I be the truck again?\" Flint asked with a grin, then he lifted Sam up (she felt for him only half as much weighed as before the accident) and carried her the last few meters up the slope. When Sam saw the new castle she could not believe her eyes. \"What do you say? Almost as good as the last one?\" Flint asked her softly. \"Awesome! Even better, I'd say. \", cried Sam excited, wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a kiss on his cheek. \"Not so hasty, Sam. Now I have to get you up there, somehow... \"muttered Flint, during Sam broke out in a chuckling laughter. \"Just laugh, you lame,\" he hissed, while Flint deposed Sam outside the castle and went straight into the Jell-O. \"Flint,\" she asked confused, as it was the first time. At the same time His hand came out of the jelly, grabbed her wrist and pulled her after him. After what felt like an eternity Sam was able to take a breath again, and she just stared at the interior design again. It had remained practically unchanged, but it was still amazing how Flint had done everything here from a pile of jelly. Only for her. \"Jumping around is probably not good, right?\", asked Flint skeptical while he looked at her trembling knees. \"Can you bend before bend away my legs.\", Sam said sadly and stumbled into his arms. Flint hugged her tightly, then sprinted to the wall. \"Who is the first at the top?\" He challenged her, climbing up the jelly wall. Sam narrowed her eyes amused. After three months wheelchair and a month packed in leg braces, running was perhaps not her area of expertise; on top of it, she was still wearing a five-month-old unborn child through the neighborhood (her baby bump was now clearly visible than in the past few months, and now the rest of Swallow Falls knew it). But though a lot of sliding in a wheelchair, Sam get skinny but astonishingly strong arms. In no time she took Flint to three-quarters of the distance again. \"Who is here now the lame you frozen electron?\" She teased Fint that stuck two meters away in the wall. \"You're lousy, Samantha Sparks,\" he called back laughing while he and Sam broke through the roof to the next floor. Flint gently took her out from the pile of jello and beside him on the bench at the big window where a stunning sunset let the landscape glowing. Sleepy Sam leaned her head on his shoulder and Flint took his arms around her. \"Can you remember the last time where we were sitting here?\" \"Pretty good, in fact.\" Sam said. \"You have me put on my glasses and braided me a ponytail of jello. And advised me just to be myself. When I really could see you for the first time, I was kind of in love.\" \"Me either. But I already had a crush on you since you slammed your heels into my eyes at the dock, the first time we met. \" Sam chuckled \"I was so frightened back then, I've admired you because of your inventions, I poisoned you because of your rocket as you rammed me the camera in the face before, and then I would have called you completely crazy when it rained Cheeseburgers.\" \"In this regard I am not changed much.\" Flint said, and gave Sam, who dozed off gradually, a kiss. \"We are not the only ones from Swallow Falls, where a junior is on the way.\" He said proudly. \"Really? Who else? \"Sam asked with her eyes already closed. \"Rudy, my ratbird with the red beak. His partner Ann-Marie has laid eggs yesterday. In an approximate month it's time.\" Sam opened her eyes a bit. \"I'll can't wait ...\" she muttered, then sleep pulled her into the depths. Flint brushed a strand that had come loose from her ponytail back behind her ear. \"Sleep well, Sam.\" When Flint threatened after an hour to sleep himself, he decided to call Manny. After ten minutes, Manny flew with the orangutan Barb and his lab partner Steve using the old LIVE Corp.-planes to the upper window, where Flint climb with the deeply sleeping Sam in his arm behind Barb and flew in the direction of his house. With a loving glance at Sam Flint thought about the past days, weeks, months and years: My name is Flint Lockwood . I am a proud citizen of Swallow Falls , a small exotic island in the Atlantic Ocean. My Mum had firmly believed that one day I will create something significant . I have more than just my greatest invention , the FLDSMDFR . I have friends, the best in the world. I have the best wife far and wide in this universe. In a few months, I myself am a father. I and Sam have our own laboratory. And we join Forces of friendship saving the island from Chester V , and it were my friends , which eventually meant more to me than inventions or idols. Small foretaste, looking for the next chapters, hope you like it.[Chapter 2] Next Chapter, takes place one month later \"SAM! Get up, but quickly it is important, \"Flint's reputation boomed down from the meteorological tower on the house of the Lockwoods. \"Five more minutes ...\" Sam muttered sleepily to herself and pulled the blanket over his head. Now also her cell phone rangs loud and shrill on the bedside table. Sam yawned loudly and groped blindly around until she found the cell phone. \"Flint, it is 4:30 clock in the morning, damn ...\" she thought yet, then she picked up the phone. \"Sam, come immediately to the meteorological tower, it really is abnormally important!\" Flint yelled into the phone (you could also hear it from outside through the closed window). \"Why? What's so important at this time? \" Flint tried to take clear words: \"The time has come ... eggs hatched ... Rudy and Ann-Marie chicks ...\" Sam no longer listened to the rest of. \"I'll be there in a second! \"She shouted into the phone, hung up and threw the blanket to the bed end. Like wildfire she grabbed her glasses and tied her hair, tousled from sleep, quickly together into a ponytail. \"Saspa? \" Squeaked something on the ground. Sam looked down and saw Barry, slumbering in her turquoise bathrobe on the carpet. \"I'm sorry Barry when I have to wake you up now but it's important.\" The strawberry complains as Sam threw up the robe, on which he had just slept, from the floor and pulled him quickly over her pajamas. \"N-Woo?\" Barry called loudly and clung to Sam's shoulders. \"Ok, my little one, then come with me. But we must hurry. \" Sam was after six months of pregnancy a little out of breath but she ran like an idiot with Barry on her shoulders of the \"Sparkswood\" lab and pounding, trembling with effort, her fist on the elevator door. Once at the top Flint was already waiting in the passage to the meteorological station (at the top of the tower). \"Soon it's time!\" He grabbed her wrist and drew her along behind him into the station. Everything was dark. Only at the large observation window was a small floor lamp and a huge full moon additional donated light. Rudy and Ann-Marie, the ratbirds, sat close together on the window ledge and stared on their three large eggs, which had deep cracks already and swayed back and forth. Sam grabbed her own camera and Flint, who was sitting on an office chair, took her on his lap while Barry on Sam's shoulder jumping wild up and down. \"There, look,\" Sam whispered, during the first egg slowly broke up. First a small leg, then another broke through the egg shell until there was a loud crash and a small peeping ratbird slipped out of the egg. It was tiny, like Rudy as a little chick. His little body was covered with a light gray fluffy fur and with wide eyes the little chick first stared at Flint and Sam, then at his joyful parents Rudy and Ann-Marie. \"It's a girl.\" Flint said with a big grin on his face while the next egg broke up and another light gray chick plopped onto the ledge. \"Another girl.\" Sam completed Flint's thoughts, while all stared at the third egg that was wildly wobbling. Finally, the shell cracked and the last chick, a larger and very dark gray with an orange beak, was born. \"And finally, a male. Congratulations Rudy to your new family. \"Flint said, stroking the head of the redbeaked ratbird, who eagerly cleaned the fur and the small stub wings of his chicks along with his partner Ann-Marie. \"They are so cute! How will you name these little ones? \"Sam asked as she crossed her fingers with Flints and tried to hold back the tears of joy. \"The girl with the gray-yellow beak shall be called Nera.\" Flint decided, as he ran a finger over the little chick's fluffy head and the fluffy little ears. \"May I call the little one Carla, that one with the shiny yellow beak?\" asked Sam, while the second female nibbled happy with the tiny beak on her finger. When little Carla climbed on her hand and rubbed her tiny head on, Sam began to cry. \"Then this little rascal called Richi.\" Flint took up the little male that lolled on his hand. \"The names are great, what do you think, guys?\" Sam whimpered and looked at Rudy and Ann-Marie; an affirmative \"CWA\" gave of themself. Flint pressed Sam closer to him, while the little Carla and the little Richi had fallen asleep on their hands now, and involuntarily he had to remember what it was like to be a father himself in a few months. Look for the next chapter[Chapter 3] Ok guys, this Story was hard, but i finished it in one week. Here we go: It was at night after 11o' clock as Flint put his welder at side and proudly stepped back to admire his work to. It almost needed a month to finish \"Flying Car III.\". His last model \"Flying Car II\" was so damaged after the food storm that it was completely useless. Thoughtful compared Flint the car several times with the pre-made sketches; it was just perfect. He looked at his watch and it was close to midnight. He would Sam and the others present the new car, and make a test flight with Manny tomorrow. Even Steve would have his fun. Flint slowly made his way home through the dark streets. He was so tired that he nearly could not discover the way of 200 meters. Arrived at home Flint took the back door, which he had specially built for such cases in the night so as not to wake Sam. He did not turn on the lights on the corridor; he just thought only to throw himself next to Sam on the bed and to sleep forever. In the room, he could just see the outline of the bedpost as his feet gave way under something slippery. With a cry Flint fell headlong to the ground. His knee hurt so much. With his fingers he could feel a sharp object that had been drilled into his knee. Hastily Flint shut on the light with his free hand. A sharp shard had dug in Flint's knee, he pulled it out quickly. But this was not what made Flint fear most at this moment. Sam was not here. He also saw that Barry not sleep on his sleeping place, he also was missing. \"Sam?\" Flint called softly through the corridor. An agonizing groan was the response from the door of the bathroom, followed by an agitated squeal that could only belong to Barry. Flint ran to the door and pushed it open with his uninjured leg. Sam knelt on the floor, her head half in the toilet seat while she vomited again. Barry ran anxiously beside her in a circle and when he saw Flint over to him and tugged at his pants. \"N-Woo, N-Woo, help!\" \"Sorry Barry, not now!\" Impatient Flint kicked him with one foot aside and ran to Sam. \"SAM! Oh my God. \"As her bout subsided he grabbed her under the arms and leaned her on the wall next to the door. Trembling Sam clawed at Flint's arm as a new spasm ran through her body. Cold sweat ran down her face from, she was pale as a corpse and had dark circles under her glassy eyes. How long was that so? As she clutched the swollen belly with a cry of pain Flint knew at once what was wrong with her. \"Do not worry Sam, I'll get help. You can do it! \". Then Flint left her alone and ran out of the house back to the lab. Without slowing, he broke through the glazed entrance door and on the other side of the reception area rang the sirens. \"INVADERS!\" Yelled a voice. \"IMMEDIATE HANDS ON THE BACK! AND NO WRONG MOVE! \" Earl! The guard was standing with a gun in front of Flint and only three seconds later he realized who he had there before him. \"Flint Lockwood, are you stupid?! To riot at midnight here in your lab and ...\" Flint did not let him finish. \"Earl, I do not have time for this crap! Sam is in labor, you Deadhead! \" Earl paused instantly and dropped his gun, only to command wild. \"Alert RED! Baby Alert! \" Manny and Brent suddenly appeared in the broken door. \"What baby?\" slurred Brent. \"Sam's baby you idiot! We must bring them to the hospital immediately or she falls apart!\" Flint screamed hysterically. \"I'll get her. I once tamed Regina at Cal's birth, but I'm warning you. Women become beasts!\" \"The door is still open! Sam is in the bathroom! \"Flint called after him, as Earl was almost out of sight. Manny shook his head in disbelief. \"Where should we take her to the hospital? The clinic in Swallow Falls is still a construction site, we can check off! \" \"What should we do then? Something goes horribly wrong with Sam! Where we get help? \"Flint asked frantically. Manny was serious. \"If she wants to survive this ordeal unscathed, only remains for us one chance.\" \"What is it?\" asked Brent after. \"We fly to New York!\" \"WHAT? New York? \"Flint could not believe his ears. \"Flint, this is our only chance! New York Hospital was spared by the earthquake. We get that together. \" \"With my \"Flying car III.\"? I did not even tested it! \" \"Come on buddy, it works somehow. Your last also worked. \"Brent said reassuringly. Flint sighed. \"Ok. Let's make the crate ready to go! \"He disappeared into the stairwell to his lab. Soon after Flint had gone away, the wheezing Earl appeared with a weakened Sam in his arms again. Manny went to her, afraid of her constitution. Her condition was disconcerting. Her barely sentient pulse was racing at a dangerous speed, her skin was pale as chalk. Her consciousness was very clouded, she did not even have the strength to moan. Sam's breath was fast and very flat. Manny held her hand and patted her belly soothingly. \"Everything will be fine Sam. Hang in there! \" From outside came a sound. Even Sam rolled her eyes to see what was there. \"Flying Auto III.\" Was something very special. The wings were now made of tempered ultra-light chrome and platinum mixture, a nitro rocket quintupled the speed of the car. \"Let's go all aboard! Next stop: New York City!\" Manny occupied the front passenger seat as co-pilot, where Flint had specially built a second steering wheel for emergencies. On the back seat sat Earl and Brent, who took Sam in the middle. Sam stared with dull eyes into nothingness while she struggled cawing for breath. \"Should we tell Tim about it yet? The fact that we fly to New York? \"Earl asked cautiously. Flint made the final launch preparations and the engine roared loudly. \"We're running out of time Earl! We need to call Dad later. Ready?\" Everyone nodded silently, as Flint almost floored the gas pedal. While all the crew members were thrown against the headrest, the flying car raced across the street at sonic speed and shot in the cloudy night sky. \"It works.\" Flint just brought out yet and suddenly stopped when he saw two familiar figures in the rearview mirror. \"Barb? Steve? How the hell you come in here? \" \"Steve and I were working tonight and wanted to sleep in the car that night. But if a Junior Lockwood is on the way, we do not stay in Swallow Falls, don't you Steve? \", said Barb and poked the monkey beside her. \"STEVE\" he rejoiced and jumped on Barb's back. Earl grinned mischievously. \"It can't get any worse!\" \"And if it will get worse!\" Everyone stared at Manny in surprise, who scared studied the radar. \"We just keep on course for a perfect storm ...\" Suddenly all pinched their eyes as the car was illuminated from the first flash. \"Uh-Oh!\" Before Flint could act, another flash struck directly into the roof of the car. Sam, previously completely apathetic wrestled with the consciousness screamed in terror at once. It was pitch black. The material was able to ascertain the voltage, but it caused a short circuit of the headlights. Manny operated hastily a few switches in the hope to get back power. Futile. \"We are completely disoriented without headlights in this weather. And to start now a descent over the ocean would be suicide. \" \"And what shall we do now?\" Barb asked desperately. No one answered. Before Flint or Manny could think of a reply, suddenly everyone stared surprised in the rearview mirror. \"What is ... THAT?\" Brent asked excitedly. Two light dots, one red and one yellow came quickly approaching through the dark clouds. \"Another plane?\" Flint asked frantically, while Sam threatened to faint. \"I have no idea ...\" mumbled Manny stressed. The lights came closer and hovered now next to the window. And by the light of the next flash saw all who were these figures. \"RUDY\" Flint squeaked. \"And Carla too!\" Said Brent entranced, who named himself as the godfather of Rudy's oldest daughter. She was the only one of Rudy's children, who had inherited the glow of his beak. Rudy and Carla flew with strong wing beats past the car and clung tightly to the hood, where at last had been the headlights. \"Well. then give me some light, buddies.\" Snarled Flint enthusiastically, even if the two could not hear him. But anyway; their beaks again began to glow and up brightly to shine a beam that went at least 200 yards. \"Very good guys! We can do it! \". While Flint slowly took in height, Manny contacted the hospital in New York and Earl called Tim, who, as he told, was on the way with the boat immediately. Everyone was staring out the window now. The streets of New York City seemed like a fire that night. It was just after half past one as Flint and Manny went to the landing. Flint managed to park the car just so in front of the hospital entrance (the no-stopping sign he ignored about which Earl exceptionally made no move). The friends looked inside where some doctors come running. \"Ok. Brent, Manny and Earl. You come with Sam and me. Barb, you stay with Steve, Rudy and Carla on board. Make sure that Steve does not do anything stupid. \" \"You got it boss!\" Said Barb and showed a raised thumb. Flint and Manny told the arrived doctors the situation, while Earl and Brent laid Sam on a prepared tote. The doctor checked her vital signs quickly. Sam's eyes were closed, only her irregular shallow breathing showed that she was still alive. The doctor took the stethoscope away. \"We have to help her immediately. This is no picnic! \" Hastily the team pushed Sam in a room where she was again examined. Blood sampling, ultrasonic, rapid infusion. Flint sat beside her on a chair and holding her hand. She was cold. Flint had trouble to suppress his panic. Also, Manny was present, Brent and Earl waited tensely at the door. After a quarter of an hour, the doctor looked up to announce the diagnosis. \"Dystocia. We need to act immediately. \" Flint closed his eyes. That could not be. So he had that not imagined. And Sam did not too. Manny jumped up from his chair. \"What are we waiting for? What options do we have? \" The doctor was serious. \"A Caesarean section is the only way we have to save both, mother and child. But there is a big problem. \" \"What problem?\" \"You, Dr. Manny, have said to me that she had a lung crack seven months ago. And such a crack requires at least 15 months to fully heal. It would be a risk for a cesarean section, that the lung tears again. And that would be certain death! \" Flint's eyes widened. \"We have to try. We have no other choice. \" \"Ok sir, we prepare everything. However, one must supervise her lung function during the operation. \" \"I take over. I have supervised her health in the whole of the last months. \"Said Manny. \"Very good. In five minutes we can start. \" The doctor turned to Flint. \"Are you and your wife agree that we try it?\" His intercom crackled suddenly \"Excuse me ...\" muttered the doctor, as he strained was talking to his assistants on the handset. Flint stroked Sam on the forehead. Her eyes opened a little and still her eyes were glazed with pain. \"I'm sorry Sam. I can't let you or our child die. \"He whispered. Sam held his gaze not long. Her eyes, which went dark, closed again. Flint kissed her on the forehead. \"Yes. We will stay this. \"He said firmly. \"Thank you very much. We must begin immediately. Dr. Manny, you come with us. \" Manny and the team of doctors pushed Sam out of the room toward the operating room, while Flint dejected went out to Brent and Earl, who sat with a cold coffee in the waiting room. \"What's going on Flint?\" Said Earl. \"Where are Sam and Manny?\" Flint slumped beside him on a chair. \"Sam gets a caesarean section. Manny is attending. But ... she could still die. \" He buried his face in his arms. Earl tapped him on the shoulder. \"You're exaggerating now, Flint. Regina was also a little bad, but she had get it with Cal.\" Flint looked at him with dead eyes. \"No, Earl I'm not exaggerating! Her lung could tear again and that would be her certain end ... \" He fell silent just like Earl. Brent hugged Flint painful. \"It will be all right buddy. There will be a happy ending ... \" In the operating room now everything was in full swing. Sam was barely conscious, but the anesthesia knocked her complete out. Now she was again there with oxygen tube in her nose and connected to all available devices. It burst Manny's heart almost. He sat further away from the action and oversaw the monitors for heart rate, blood pressure, respiratory rate, and lung pressure. The values were already extremely in the basement, but on the other hand they couldn't do anything in advance. \"Manny, we need you here shortly,\" said the doctor. He had already performed the cut. Manny took a swab to soak up the blood. Now, the operation moved already within a half hour. Manny had already taken his place on the devices again, as the excited whispers of the doctors let him sit up. \"Manny! Quick, we need a towel. \" Manny rushed to the shelf and pulled out a fresh towel from a drawer. He had just emerged to ask what he should do now, and stopped when the doctor put him something wet in the arm. \"A girl! We have made it. \"He called cheerfully. Tears of joy shot Manny in his eyes as he wrapped the newborn close to the towel. Flint and Sam's daughter ... He handed the baby straight to one of the assistant, when suddenly the device began to beep. \"What the, huh?\" Cried the doctor shocked, but Manny has already been there and looked frightened at the monitor. Sam's pulse was racing dangerously high, while her blood pressure plummeted faster and the pressure on her lung increased. \"Oh my God, we must do something or she dies. But what is the reason for these values ?\" The doctor panicked as he stressed took a look at the bad values. Manny didn't know why he did that. He acted just out of instinct. He pushed the aside. \"Let me see!\" He looked at Sam's abdominal cavity and grabbed the scalpel next to him on the tablet. \"Scissor. Sponge. Clip. \"He called alternately to the assistants. After another ten minutes Manny presented something to the doctor that made him freeze to ice. \"TWINS?!\" He brought out in disbelief, \"That's impossible!\" Manny smiled as he handed the little boy to the silent assistant. \"It was not impossible. On the ultrasonic maybe you couldn't see the second baby, but the lung values will definitely improve again. \" Eyes wide, the chief physician looked at the monitor. The high pulse sank, Sam's blood and lung pressure stabilized and her chalk-white face turned back to color. \"Logical. The boy must have pressed off by its unfavorable position at the birth her diaphragm and the abdominal aorta. \"Whispered the doctor. Then he knocked Manny heartily on the shoulder. \"You're a hero, Dr. Manny! You have saved these three life! \" Again, Manny thought silently for himself and smiled. The medical team applauded and whistled loudly, and even the little ones screamed shrilly. Manny walked over to Sam and stroked her arm. She was still anesthetized, but the effect left bit by bit. \"It's time for you to return back to the living.\" Brent, Earl and Flint were still sitting in the waiting room. Flint was completely resolved, he had five times brought a cup of coffee from the vending machine in the last hour and did not drink a single. None was feel like talking; concern for Sam had flooded their minds. Just at that moment the door swung open and Manny stood before them. Instant bombed the three questions at him but Manny just said, they should just come along with him. \"But it's all gone well. Sam is doing well? \"Flint asked anxiously. Manny reassured him. \"She's fine. She has not woken up from the anesthesia but definitely she does, when you're there. \" Excited Flint ran after him, while Earl and Brent bet if it was a boy or a girl because Manny did not say anything about. Sam was alone in the room on her bed. Her eyes were still closed, but breathed strongly and regularly. She also was not as pale as two hours ago. \"Sam!\" Flint shouted and went to her. \"Sam, can you hear me?\" \"Don't scream at me like that, you fool. I hear you quite wonderful! \"It croaked back unexpectedly and everyone looked at Sam in surprise, just opened her green eyes fluttering. \"Sam!\" Flint joined his wife in his arms and Sam wrapped her arms around his chest. \"I had been so worried about you.\" Flint whispered weakly and gave her a kiss on the head. \"I have nothing more noticed.\" She replied and smiled. Manny had left the room briefly and returned with Sam's daughter back in his arms. \"This was not an easy thing. But your daughter has everything arrived safely. \" Sam's eyes were big and Flint's grin matched almost no longer on his face as Manny put them her newborn daughter in the arm (who was asleep). \"A girl,\" exclaimed Earl thrilled \"Then I won Brent. Ha! \" Brent took his defeat in stride and already wept streams from his eyes when he saw the baby. \"Oh man is that cute!\" Sam was still trying to maintain composure. \"Because it's a girl, let's call her Frances. After your mum, Flint? \" Flint said nothing. He touched the little finger of his daughter. \"What do you mean, Frannie? Do you like the name? The answer was a strange gurgling sound that gave the small Fran from her. \"I'm going to assume that is\" Yes \".\" He said and laughed. \"Do not forget the second.\" Said Manny amused and confused as all asked \"The second?\" he expressed Flint the twin brother of Fran in the arm. \"TWINS!\" Squeaked Sam scared and let Fran almost fall in fright. While Manny described the events of the operation, Flint decided that this little devil could be name Stanley. \"Devil? Please Flint, something like that you can't say about your son! \"Sam exclaimed indignantly. \"Where he is right, he's right, Sam. Stan almost killed you. \"Earl brought out still before her burst out laughing. \"You are stupid guys ...\" Sam pressed close to her son and daughter. \"Then we just both won the bet, Earl.\" Said Brent and poked Earl in the shoulder. \"Almost looks.\" He grumbled. \"Manny?\" Sam said loudly to make herself heard. \"Si?\" Said Manny tense. \"Manny, would you like to be Frannies Godfather?\" Manny was speechless with astonishment. \"I owe you, since I have my job as a reporter, more than just my career. You saved my life on several occasions and I have never had the chance to make it ok. Therefore, you've more than earned it. \" Manny wiped a tear from his face as Sam handed him Fran, who stared at him with big round eyes. \"It would be an honor for me Sam. Thank you ... \" \"And Earl, You can be the Godfather of Stan.\" Said Flint proud. Earl was speechless too when Flint handed him the little Stan. \"You used to be nasty to me perhaps, maybe rightly so, but we have learned in recent years that you can only move forward together and not against each other.\" Earl smiled. He pushed Brent the baby in the hand and pulled Flint in a strangling embrace, that he was blue. At this moment the door opened and Earl let Flint going on, who went to the ground. On the threshold stood Tim, Barb and Steve. \"Flint, Sam, how ...\" he began, and broke off as he saw his grandchildren. \"Here, Dad. These are Fran and Stan. I hope you like them. \"Flint gave him a child in each hand. Tim Lockwood began to cry loudly, while Barb handed him a handkerchief. \"If your mum now would be here with us ...\" he sobbed. Sam smiled. \"She is always with us. And I think she's incredibly proud of the little ones. \" Flint was happy. Happy to see his family here united. Happy, to be a father himself. Even if he did not expect twins ... And this is of course not the end :D[Chapter 4] Finally: Chapter 4 (*grin*) Ten years had passed since the night of July 4. In these years, everything went well on Swallow Falls. Until the Lockwood twins were no longer small and cute, but the biggest nerds on the island. It was 6:30 when the alarm clock rang and Flint opened his eyes. \"Another big day! Get up Sam! \" Sam turned on her belly and pressed the pillow on her head. \"Come on Sam, you late riser! Today is the international junior math competition in Swallow Falls. The kids need to be ready. \"Said Flint and massaged her back. \"Five more minutes ...\" Sam snorted into the mattress. \"Take your time with something new after 10 years, so you greet me every morning since then.\" \"Five minutes and thirty seconds!\" \"This does not! Ok, exceptionally, this one time. \"Sighed Flint and got dressed. Then he walked down the corridor and knocked on Stan's door. Nothing stirred. Now he had to resort to harsher measures again. \"Stan! Get up! Now! \" \"How? What?\" it came back incomprehensible. \"Your alarm clock long ago rang!\" \"I am sick.\" Said Stan grumpy of sleep. Flint rolled his eyes. \"And what did you choose?\" \"Tuberculosis.\" \"Against that you're vaccinated, Stan.\" Gave Flint back. \"Pertussis?\" \"You'd hear you completely different!\" \"Ebola!\" \"Then we'd all be dead, you idiot!\" Came it sleepily out of the room next door. \"Poisoned, bled to death, scruffy and rotted! Manny has enlightened me extensively in this field.\" \"Thank you, Frannie,\" exclaimed Flint. \"Ok Dad, for today you've won ...\" \"In at least ten minutes, you're down, and that's it! Frannie, where are you? \" Flint got ready for the next discussion. \"Five more minutes?\" She begged through the closed door. \"The award belongs Mum, Fran!\" Stan shouted through the wall. \"Do not forget Fran, today's math competition.\" Flint added. Like greased lightning shot Fran out of her room. She was still in her pajamas, her hair was disheveled, but she had her glasses already on the nose and a pile of clothes under her arms. \"I complete idiot, how could I forget?\" \"Hey, you shall not curse, Frannie.\" Said Sam, who was now stood up. Without another word, Fran disappeared into the bathroom. \"From whom did she have these expressions?\" Sam asked amused her husband. \"Not from me, anyway.\" He said and hugged her. Stan came out of his room, dragging his school bag behind him. \"I've really no idea why she's worried. With her fat brain we two have won anyway that thing.\" Then he jumped down the stairs. \"So the brain she has from me and the poor eyesight from you.\" Sam punched him on the arm and laughed, before both went down. Stan was already sitting at the table and crushed his head. \"Stan, what's wrong?\" Sam asked him gently. He looked at her with his big steel-blue eyes. \"I'm so nervous that I can't even eat something.\" Sam stroked his spiky brown hair. \"It'll work out, darling. You and Fran have practiced more than necessary for that. I know you can do it. \" Stan grinned at his parents. \"You look at us today if we rock the stage?\" Flint shook his head sadly. \"I'm sorry, today we both work at this time. But Grandpa Tim, Brent, Earl and Manny definitely come. \" \"And I think that Barb, Steve and Barry come too.\" Sam added. \"Awesome! Hopefully Cal will then also. \" Before Stan went on, all heard a rumbling. Fran hurried down the stairs so fast that she almost fell on the last step. Barry jumped after her, pulling her bag behind. \"So come on, hurry,\" she cried loudly. \"Come on down, we still have a quarter of an hour.\" Stan Tried to calm his twin sister. \"I now come not down. Did you forget what day it is, you donkey? \"She snapped at her brother. \"No, little sister, I have not.\" Stan sighed. \"Do not call me\" little sister \". I'm always ten minutes older than you! \" \"Wow, how outstanding ...\" he muttered, rolling his eyes. Stan knew it was pointless to discuss with Fran in the morning. She had her own programmed internal alarm clock. \"I need food for my nerves now.\" Fran hurried to the fridge and put her chocolate milk in the microwave. \"Don't forget Richi.\" Reminded Flint his rebellious daughter. \"I don't forget Richi!\" exclaimed Fran outraged, while she made cornflakes with a lot of sugar and milk. She opened the window in the kitchen and shouted, \"Richi! Breakfast! \" A few seconds later, Richi the ratbird accomplished crash-landed on the sink. He was Rudy's only son and the youngest of his litter. But he had a sharp orange beak, unlike his sisters Nera and Carla. And he loves cornflakes… Fran hugged her ratbird once extensively before it is looked eating over the cornflakes. \"Ok, one last time by all!\" Fran emptied her bag on the table. Fell out tons of issues of math books, out of school and out of Flint and Sam, calculator, formulary. \"So surface areas of squares, rectangles, triangles, parallelogram ...\" Stan held with both hands his ears. \"I can't hear the next ten minutes,\" he whined. \"I do not care.\" Flint gave her the chocolate milk. Greedily she grabbed the cup and took a sip of monstrous, just to get back to spit out everything. \"OUCH, Hot!\" She grimaced. \"Frannie, do not stress or you'll get a black out when it's your turn.\" Sam Tried to calm her down gently. \"I'll get a black out if I'm not stress! A = a ² + b ² in squares, A = gxh divided by 2 ... \"she murmured. Stan stared at her pityingly. \"It's okay Fran. What you're forgetting, I could assume. \" Thankfully, Fran smiled at her brother. \"Remember, you are working as a team. So you do the thing together and not against each other.\" Flint warned his children. Fran and Stan nodded resolutely and Fran grabbed her books finally on again. \"Sure thing, Dad.\" Sam hugged the two. \"Go on. I know that you win the thing. Goes indeed no different! \" \"But remember. When you should resign for any reason: a month laboratory prohibition! \" „FLINT!\" Stan laughed while Fran turned to ice. \"Will not happen Dad! Otherwise, my invention is never done! \" She looked at the clock. \"Oh shit, we have to go. See you later Mum, see you later Dad! Love you! \" Fran gurgled down the now lukewarm milk and shouldered her bag. \"Richi, go, come on! 'The ratbird flapped after her, while Stan slammed the door. Flint listened to 30 seconds before he dropped into a chair. \"How long this morning mood still holds on?\" He yawned and laid his head on the table. Sam brought two cups of coffee and sat down across from him. \"It will get worse, with 18 years, should have laid.\" She said with a smile. \"They're only just turned 10!\" Wailed Flint. Sam took his hand. \"Don't panic, you got me so too. And the last 10 years yet ran well. \" Yes that's right, he thought to himself. Fran and Stan were 10 years old since a week. Even when the two came into the nursery was clear that they both tend toward first-class nerds. They were quite popular in Swallow Falls, although already went off one way or another invention of Frannie and Stan backwards. They were very passionate inventors, since Flint took they to the laboratory at 4 years for the first time. But Fran was also very gifted in meteorology, as she had once lost in the weather Tower of Sparkswood front of the radar from her mother. Since then, she spent her free time with learning, skating, swimming or in the laboratory or weather tower. Visually, she was Sam very similar with the green eyes and the same orange blond hair, which she always tied together with a green hair tie. Only her hair tips were dark brown, a few hanging naughty over her ears. Stan was very similar to Flint, had spiky brown hair and steel-blue eyes. He was attracted by everything that makes a lot of noise and is under great danger of explosion. In his laboratory dungeon were tons of rockets, cannons and other weird bombs that Sam had all forbidden. His favorite invention was the \"Hair spikier\", a strange chemical mixture that looks like hair gel, but hardens the hair like iron. Nera, Carla and Richi were all fully grown. Nera was alone around for almost half a year on a world tour, so Fran had built a tracking device for her, so the whole family could always track her routes, which now already went towards European border. Carla was plump and greedy, just like Brent. She mostly slept all day on his couch and spent the night in the lighthouse of Swallow Falls where she showed the ships the way with her bright and shiny beak. Richi was a great adventurer, who spent most of the time in Fran's society. Sometimes she took him even into the classroom. Tim had desperately tried in recent years, to teach his grandchildren fishing, but pointless. But Fran and Stan got him a series of new students for his fishing school. As a substitute. The old Rufus, a regular customer of Tim's anglers Shop, had retired two years ago in the candy mountain to take on the role as a \"protector\" for the FLDSMDFR. Swallow Falls was no longer just a small island hidden under the A of Atlantic. By Flint Lockwood, the island had a little gained fame, as he had not only invented the FLDSMDFR, but with the unmasking of Live Corp. almost all of the assets of Chester V received (which were huge sums). With the money Swallow Falls could be rehabilitated and by her father and her mother, who was decisively involved in saving the planet, Frances and Stanley Lockwood have since been the elite offspring, Swallow Falls could be proud of. Especially today, where the two represented their school in a math competition against 166 competitors from schools all over the United States. Want to read something about the great math competition? Would Fran and Stan rock the stage with their \"fat Brains\"? Look for chapter 5 (comming soon! :D)[Chapter 5] This story stakes long time, so I bring out the first part of the great math competition right now, enjoy! It was already light on the streets of Swallow Falls when two figures raced along the way. \"Faster Stan. Otherwise we'll be late, \"cried Fran backwards. \"It's just quarter past seven.\" Re-voice Stan, as he pulled a large curve around a garbage can with his skateboard. Fran had taken her waveboard; so that it was significantly faster than on foot. Richi flew breathtaking loops around her, before he set out with a colony of ratsbirds. \"But until half past seven we have to be reported.\" \"We arrive on time, no panic.\" The two siblings made early the streets unsafe; Fran almost rammed Rex, the Cheespider. Rex straightened up his fries legs and roared loudly. \"I'm sorry, Rex. We are in a hurry. \"Recanted Fran to the spider. And got as revenge a ton of mustard in the back. \"AH, Yuck!\" Stan choked with laughter and almost fell off his board. \"Hey, that was not nice,\" she protested loudly and threw the mustard on her brother. \"Let it now. We need to continue. \" The twins turned into the last street before school and Fran took a run. \"Ok, Stan. This time it will work for sure! \" \"It works wh..?!\" It was already too late. With full tilt Fran hurled her board and herself at a car ramp and estimated 3 feet in the air. Arrived at the highest point she grabbed with the hands the floodlight mast over her and turned a somersault towards the floor. The board sailed through the air, directly to a person that walked on the street in front of the school. \"Watch out!\" screamed Fran loudly who caught one and a half meters above the ground along her board and touched down on the street in front of the person. The girl let out a short scream of fright, then she realized Fran who came to a stop two feet in front of her. \"My goodness, Fran. You've driven me almost into mush! \" \"Gina,\" cried Fran and the two friends hugged. \"I'm sorry, but I just had to try it.\" Gina shook her head and brushed her long blond hair out of her face. \"Your nerves cook because of the competition, right?\" Fran shrugged her shoulders. \"Possibly ...\" \"Hey Gina, have you seen Cody and Wick?\" Said Stan, who was puffing up behind Fran. Gina pointed to the door. \"I already see Wick go inside, Cody's probably with him.\" \"Cool, thank you!\" Stan tucked his board under his arm and ran up to the school. Only now saw Fran the many buses that were around in the parking lots. \"Are that the other students from the competition,\" she said uneasily. Gina nodded. \"I've already seen that go inside. The best thing is, you register now with Stan.\" The friends ran quickly into the school building, where already a lot was going on. Everywhere groups of young students had found at their age together and chatted eagerly with each other. \"This must be the others.\" Gina whispered as she passed the students. Frans stomach clenched when she saw how many there were. More than 100 \"Do not be afraid you will beat them all.\" Gina cheered her on. Stan had already arrived at the registration, together with his best friends Cody and Wick. Frans eyes widened when she recognized the man at the table. \"Mr. Thumb! You are today referee? \"She said delighted. Mr. Thumb was thick and gray-haired and the math teacher of Fran, Stan, Gina, Wick and Cody and of course, Fran and Stan were his favorite students. \"Good morning, Little Miss Lockwood! Ready for the big prize? \"Welcomed Mr. Thumb. \"Uh, yes. Sir, \"stammered Fran, as she and Stan filled out the registration form. \"That's right. Your parents have already signed the rest. \" He put the forms in an envelope. \"So the following. In a quarter of an hour the contest starts. You will always start with five questions against another team. The whole thing is timed. If you win with a higher score you get into the next round. The finale is at twelve clock. \" He looked at his clock; it was now 07:50 Clock. \"Remember,\" he hissed at the two. \"I prefer not to you, but I know that you win! Good luck, Frances and Stanley, not let me down! \" He winked, then reported to the next team. The five friends embraced each other one last time. \"You already win the stuff, you crazy kids.\" Said Wick. \"You rock the stage today!\" Cody added. \"And we now drumming your fans together. Have fun! \" Gina made off with Cody and Wick. Stan took his sister by the hand. \"Go Frannie. Our first opponent is the High School from Ohio. \" The siblings disappeared in the direction of the assembly hall. Rejoice forward to the continuation Greetings from Mauritius - MasterFran :)[Chapter 6] Here is Part 2 of 3, enjoy and have fun: \"And now, ladies and gentlemen, dear students. Rejoice now very much: Students Marty and Erica from Ohio and our representatives from Swallow Falls: Stanley and Frances!\" A deafening applause rang out as Fran and Stan were tuned for the first time in the eighth round. Stan's heart was up to his neck when he saw the full auditorium. The front ranks occupied the students of the competition, the middle ranks the students of his own school. His face lit up when he saw Cody and Wick among his classmates. They and Gina really had drummed up a bunch of people. Not only their class level; no, even the older students of the school came and cheering at them. Cody, Wick and Gina lifted a long high poster: \"Fran and Stan, go for Swallow Falls. We will paint your victory on all walls! \" \"Look, Stan, Uncle Manny, Earl, Barb, Steve and Brent are also there,\" said Fran suddenly. Stan also realized they had a couple of places occupied. He looked next to his godfather and his buddy Cal sitting, who enthusiastic raised his thumb. \"Well then let's go win a contest.\" Said Stan tired. \"You said it, brother!\" Mr. Thumb drew some cards from an envelope. \"Dear participants. You have 30 seconds for the questions. Who knows the answer first pressed the red button and says loudly the answer. Tools such as mobile phones or calculators are prohibited, it is the disqualification. The eighth round begins ... NOW!. Lets go ! \" He changed the card and cleared his throat. Stan chewed nervously on his nails, while Fran shuffled her feet under the table. \"The first task: The numbers 45, 176 and 1059 as Roman numerals ...\" Students from Ohio did not even have the chance to think about an answer when Fran hit her fist on the button. \"The answers are: XXXV, CLXXVI and MLIX\" she cried loudly. \"And these answers are ... RIGHT! The first issue goes to Swallow Falls! \" The fan mile from Swallow Falls exploded in cheers and Earl and Cal whistled loudly. \"Wow, that was amazing, Fran.\" Stan whispered his sister and Fran blushed. With a gesture Mr. Thumb made again for silence. \"Question 2: What are 8.34 meters in centimeters?\" This time, Stan was the fastest for the round. \"834,\" he roared. \"And that's again ... CORRECTLY. Another point for Swallow Falls! \" The auditorium was raging and there was Steve from the back rows call, \"EXCITED!\" Luckily, the other students were informed about Steve and Barb, so that no one had to fear the talking monkeys. Mr. Thumb clap his hands loudly. \"This round is valid for three right questions already won as if it were the first three. So here comes the interesting question number 3! What is the area of a ... Parallelogram? \" And it was again Stan, who belted out a fraction before Ohio his fist on the button. \"The answer ... is ...: gxh\" he gasped, and all held their breath in the auditorium. It was very quiet. \"My dear Stan.\" Whispered Mr. Thumb conspiratorially. \"THIS IS JUST GOT. The eighth round goes 3-0 to Swallow Falls ! \" \"YEAH!\" Shrieked Fran and gave her befuddled brother a friendly slap. The students from Swallow Falls clap loudly and Marty and Erica, students from Ohio applauded. \"We are pleased to welcome Swallow Falls in the last sixteen again! We continue with Nevada against Arizona! \"Announced Mr. Thumb. Fran and Stan left slightly woozy with joy the stage where even Gina, Wick and Cody waited. Gina wore her cheerleader outfit and danced with joy in a circle. \"I've known,\" she shrieked, \"I know that you win the round!\" Cody and Wick stood with homemade fan t-shirts beside her. \"Does exactly so on in the next rounds.\" Proudly said Wick. \"There remain so only four.\" Fran sighed and grinned. \"And these four you win too! Come on, we look at the display. \" Cody ran ahead in the direction of the classroom, where a large display board showing the current results. \"Look, here we are!\" Said Stan excitedly, pointing his finger at a square where SWALLOW FALLS stood. \"The last sixteen ...\" muttered Gina. \"Your next opponent is Illinois, which should be very good!\" When she saw Fran winced, she quickly added, \"But not nearly as good as you.\" \"I think that's it.\" Said a voice behind her and Fran whirled around. \"Uncle Manny\" she cried happily and the cameraman of her mother, she joined in his arms. Manny was not only a camera man but also a doctor, pilot and comedian. Mum had told her that Manny had saved her, Mum and Stan the life at birth. \"I filmed everything. Then I later recordings show your parents. \" \"I wish Mum and Dad were here.\" Stan said sadly. Earl had appeared behind his godson and pulled him up at his hood. \"Sam has just live broadcast and Flint still needs to help her. At least we were able to raise a replacement for Manny. \" Even Grandpa Tim and orangutan Barb tried to motivate the twins. \"If your fish has taken the bait once, then never let go until you've caught up with the cord again ...\" stuttered Tim and scratched his head. Barb clapped her hand to her forehead. \"Tim! Fishing. Metaphors. Are. Out. \" \"Sorry, it was an attempt.\" The saving solution had finally Brent. \"Hey Stan, if you strained you now, you've earned a whole box of cookies.\" On the word \"cookie\" Stan was wide awake and full of adrenaline. \"Did you hear Fran? We are now making everything down. I want my cookies! \" Fran smiled. \"Since we have again our old Stan.\" Cal looked at his watch. \"You should return to the auditorium now. In 10 minutes you are back off buddies. \" \"Cookies! Must ... have! \"Stan raced like a flash back to the auditorium. \"Then it happens now I guess.\" Said Earl and pushed the small Fran back towards the auditorium. Finally, look foward the great finale in Part 3. Comming soon- MasterFran[Chapter 7] It's the final countdown for the great Math competition! Here we go: Stan and Fran were in the second round, in the quarterfinals and in the semifinals such on speed, that they beat their opponents with ease. \"Call this number in words: 3014509,\" said Mr. Thumb. Both Fran and Stan and the school of New Jersey racked their brains. \"3014509, 3014509 ...\" muttered Stan hectic and Fran closed her eyes for second thought. \"Three million, three million, fourteen thousand ...\" whispered Fran quietly. Then she opened her eyes suddenly. \"I know it!\" She pressed the button quickly. \"Three million, fourteen thousand, five hundred and nine!\" Mr. Thumb and the auditorium were jubilant loud. \"Swallow Falls can't be beat today,\" he yelled into the microphone. \"Fran and Stan win 3-1 against New Jersey!\" \"GO ON, STAN!\" Cal shouted from his seat call. Mr. Thumb paused dramatically. \"These are the results in the following final: The Super Kids of Swallow Falls occur in the final against the hardcore mathematicians from Washington D.C.! The twins Fran and Stan against the team Phil and Sarah! \" \"Who will be the best this year?\" Someone shouted from the crowd. It was Cody who took all the attention. \"SWALLOW FALLS! SWALLOW FALLS! SWALLOW FALLS! \"Gina sang loudly and danced for joy in a circle. \"Swallow Falls! Fran and Stan! \"Agreed with each of the rest of the school. Fran looked at her watch. It was 11:50. Only 10 minutes to the finals! Stan shook and disappeared behind the stage, Fran followed him unceremoniously. \"I need to call Mum.\" She whimpered. \"I need more motivation if I want healing come through this final.\" Stan fumbled in his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. \"You can call from my mobile phone. I'm going briefly to Grandpa and Uncle Earl. \" Stan ran out the door into the corridor. Frantic Fran looked after Sam's cell phone number and dialed it on. It honked a few times. \"Sam Sparks?\" Sam's voice came forward out of the receiver. \"Hey Mummy, I am.\" Cried Fran excitedly into the phone. \"Frannie! Are you all and Stan well? How's the competition? \"Sam asked excitedly her daughter. \"It's all very well. Stan and I made it to the finals. We have another 6 minutes until it goes off. \" \"You are great! I'll tell your dad know immediately. Keep cool, Frannie. I know you can do it. Thinking if you should lose the nerves to your invention. \" Fran took a deep breath. \"Sure thing, Mom. I love you. \" \"I love you too, Frannie! I'm so proud of you and Stan, he still teach my regards. Now back from the finals! Keep your chin up. \" \"Thanks Mum, Bye!\" Fran hung up and looked at the clock. They only had two minutes. And where was Stan? At the very moment he appeared again, with Barb in tow. \"Barb,\" said Fran surprised. \"Hi, Fran.\" \"Any last advice,\" she asked nervously. Barb knocked with her long ape-arms Stan on the back. \"Phil and Sarah are you pretty evenly matched. So the finale do not take lightly. \"She warned. \"Their tactics mostly consists quickly press the button and then think about the answer. Be it faster! \" \"Do they have any weakness? Something where they are not as good? \" Stan hooked after. Barb smiled. \"algebraic sign!\" Fran was confused. \"algebraic sign? How to ... \" She was interrupted by Mr. Thumb, who appeared behind the stage. \"Lockwood Juniors, come now,\" he said aloud. Barb held up his thumb while the math teacher led the twins back to the stage. \"I can't really be biased, but: Does it all! You really make it. \"He whispered into the ear of the two. In the auditorium now all hell broke loose. In recent rounds even more spectators had crowded into the hall. Fran swallowed nervously as she took her usual place on the stage. Phil and Sarah sat at a table opposite. Both were tanned and brown-haired and did get the impression that it is not a cakewalk in this final. \"Ladies and gentlemen, dear students. There now follows the highlight of this day, this year, in this math competition: The spectacular final between Swallow Falls and Washington DC! \" The fan mile from the school bellowed loudly. \"Then we let the finals begin in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... NOW!\" Mr. Thumb pulled out a pair of red cards. The final questions. \"Our first question is a word problem. I just want to know the solution. 1 kilograms of goods costing 8, 80 €. Customer 1 can give 250 g and customer 2 100 g of this product. How much money the customers pay ... together? \" Fran was just enough to think about how much 250 and 100 grams of a kilogram were as ... Phil hit the button. \"What the hell?\" Hissed Stan. \"So fast you can not count on it!\" Even Fran had her eyes wide with disbelief that the glasses slipped almost from her nose. Sarah cleared her throat. \"Both customers pay together ... um ... € 3.05!\" \"That was a correct answer in record time! The first point goes to Washington D.C.! \" The one part of the auditorium cheered, the monkeys Felser fan mile groaned in horror. Fran bit her lower lip. Now she must not lose her nerves. Think of your invention , think of your invention , she reminded herself. Was it justified to think now of a flamethrower? \"They are too good.\" Stan whispered frantically. Fran's eyes narrowed to slits and glared at her brother. \"Not if we are better. We do not pass on Stan! We are a team, or have you forgotten what Dad told us this morning? \" \"No ...\" Stan said. \"Well, then. Then I would say ... we rock the stage! \" \"But we have no music.\" \"We have ... math!\" \"You say it.\" He growled. \"Let's see how you come to the next question rightly. Take the number 100: 50%, 34%, 14% and 2% ... and adds together the values \"! Fran responded immediately. She gave Washington an opportunity to think an answer and slammed her hand on the button. \"100,\" she said aloud. \"And ... SWALLOW FALLS IS BACK AT THE START! Because that is absolutely CORRECT. Now it is 1:1! \" Stan sighed in relief and the crowd went wild. The next question could the twins decide for themselves, but the fourth question ... again was Washington DC faster. The mood in the auditorium came to a head slowly while Mr. Thumb announced the following: \"For years, there was no longer such an exciting finale as it is today in Swallow Falls ! We come to the last question. For the last task, which will decide EVERYTHING. The ultimate finale begins in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... RIGHT NOW! Our initial number: 148! Adds the number 56, it is multiplied by 2, it is divided by 4, subtracting the number 36, the new number multiplied again two, dividing it by -3, and ... last ... they divided by -2! \" In slow motion, saw the audience as Fran and Sarah shot forward. It beeped loudly and gasped Mr. Thumb. \"You've actually managed to press both at the same time the buttons. Well, your answers! \" \"-22.\" Sarah said, and grinned. Fran swallowed once, then she said as loudly as she could: \"22\" There was silence. Very quiet. \"Two similar numbers, but only one correct answer.\" Whispered Mr. Thumb. \"All right, then we expect after. 148 plus 56 gives 204, 204 multiplied by 2 gives 408 If you divide 408 by 4, we get to 102, which subtracts 36 gives 66, and 66 times 2 gives 132 Dividing this number by -3 we get to -44. And finally ... we divide by -2. And only one has the sign of you interpreted correctly. Because - multiplied by - , + results. The result is: 22! SWALLOW FALLS HAS WON! \" All air went out of Stan, as Mr. Thumb the result announced. They had won. The crowd was now no longer tenable. All students shouted themselves hoarse and Stan fell on his sisters neck. \"YOU did it, you did it!\" He yelled in Fran's ear. Still completely surprised she only gave a sound. \"The signs just ...\" Proudly wore Phil and Sarah from Washington, D.C. a large gold trophy on stage and handed it over to the lucky twins. \"That was incredible. The cup did you really deserves. \"Sarah whispered and smiled. Fran grinned. \"You are simply great!\" Mr. Thumb handed over the two students have a certificate that students receive at No. 2. Three figures climbed up on the stage. It was Gina, Cody and Wick. \"You have won, you rocked, you were stunning!\" She sang in the choir. Even the spectacle, however, was not over. With a gesture made Mr. Thumb for total peace and drew one last card out of his jacket. \"This Cup was not the only thing that win our budding talents from Swallow Falls. Because you get on top of it another award which this year is the following. \" He took a deep breath before he exclaimed proudly. \"A 10-day holiday for you and your family this year to ... Hawaii!\" Stan stood there mouth open. \"Holy meat ball!\" \"I think he's doing, right?\" Fran gasped in disbelief. Mr. Thumb smiled. \"No, I do not Little Miss Lockwood. Now I wish you a lot of fun in your well-deserved vacation. \"Full worn!\" Gina screamed loud and the five friends were performing a little dance on stage with Phil and Sarah. The spectators applaud. \"Hey Stan, we have stashed away in the breaks some candy as a surprise!\" Stan's eyes were shining. \"Even chocolate cookies?\" Cody laughed. \"Brent has been everything to me laid ready. Chocolate, coconut, caramel and peanut ... \" \"I'm gone! Where have you left them? \" \"In the classroom. Wick and I hew us the until stomach is full. \" The three boys hopped off the stage and ran through the cheering crowds to the classroom. Even Fran left with her trophy and Gina the stage where already at the end of her godfather Manny, Earl, Brent and the rest of her friends waited. Fran threw herself immediately Manny in his arms. \"You really are a genius, my little one. The most talented girl I know. \" Fran sobbed with joy and was run over next from all the others. Barb picked Fran literally in the air. \"I told you so. They have a weakness in sign! \" \"And if you were right!\" Chuckled Fran. Earl took her straight the cup from her hand. \"I'll carry it. This thing is way too heavy for you little child. \" \"That's not true,\" she protested loudly. \"Dad just wants to specify Candy Horse! Now he's a mayor and cup winner. \"Cal said to her. \"But I must bear her now!\" Begged Brent. He grabbed Fran under the arms and put her on his shoulder. \"I take the second portion,\" said Cal, and raised the laughing Gina high. Tim grinned broadly. \"Oh man, Hawaii. Since you can determine good fishing ... \" Fran turned and looked at her grandfather down (because Cal was very large). \"So what I would rather learn about the natural and climatic conditions. And go swimming every day. And on occasion the learn to surf. \" The friends left the hall together. \"I would now like to know what Flint and Sam say to their luck.\" Laughed Earl. \"Are Mum and Dad on their way?\" Fran asked hopefully. \"Si. I just received a message from Sam that ... \"said Manny. And he was interrupted by a terrible scream. Barb held her breath with shock. \"Who was that?\" Gina's eyes widened. \"This has sounded like Cody! What they have just hired. \" Fran jumped from Cal's shoulders and ran in front of the classroom. She bounced almost with Cody and Wick together in a corner. \"Cody, Wick, what's wrong? And where is Stan, \"she said uneasily. Somehow the two stammered an answer together. \"Have eaten cookies ... and then he went bad ... Stan has collapsed ... in the classroom.\" Manny ran towards the door. \"I care about him immediately!\" He pushed the door open ... and pulled it right back to. \"Um, it's better if you wait outside. Communicates please a teacher! Immediately! \" Oh , oh. What the hell happened to poor Stan? Find it out in the next chapter ! I hope you've enjoyed the math competition :)[Chapter 8] Sorry if you had to wait so long for the sequel. But now have fun with Chapter 8 :) : While in school was the bustle, Flint and Sam have made it at half past twelve from the laboratory. Previously, Flint had the full responsibility for the lab on Louise, because not only he but also Earl and Sam were not there. Now, the two rushed to school, impatient to know if their children had won the competition. Sam had insisted take Barry, who was now in her handbag. They were only a few meters away from the school as they came to meet a girl who ripped the gray eyes wide. Flint immediately recognized who it was. \"Gina! What are you doing here? \" Gina spun around and seemed somehow relieved. \"Hello, Mr. Lockwood, I was sent by Manny. I should fetch you? \" Flint was confused. \"Why that? And where are Fran and Stan? \" Gina nodded toward the school. \"Inside. Coming right along with me. \" Sam looked questioningly at Flint, but just shrugged his shoulders. As the three entered the schoolhouse she was expecting a full-scale riot. Loud chattering pupils, teacher who tried to bring order into the crowd. And a familiar person who made his way through the crowd of students. \"Fran!\" Sam cried happily and closed her daughter in her arms. \"Hey, Mum.\" She said nervously. Sam let go. \"Well, Frannie. What happened? \"She sighed. Fran straightened her shoulders. Gina looked around nervously. \"Let's say it how it is. I have good news and bad news. \" \"First the good news.\" Gina struggled wildly. \"Fran and Stan have won the competition,\" she blurted out. Fran stared at her with narrowed eyes and Gina put her hands to her mouth. \"Oh, sorry!\" \"EH CIMP!\" Barry jumped out of Sam's handbag and threw his berry fist in the air. \"I've known! You're crazy, both of you! \"Said Flint triumphantly. \"And where is Stan?\" Sam asked. Fran and Gina threw themselves to the nervous glances. Nobody said anything. \"So Fran.\" She said sternly. \"Out with the bad news. What did he do? \" Fran bit her lower lip and sighed. \"Ok. Come on, I ... um ...'ll show you. \" She waved at the two of them through the crowd of students and ran with Gina along the corridor. Sam was as stunned. They left the classroom of 5b behind and took the stairs one floor down. Fran stood in front of a door. Flint's eyes widened as he read the name of the underlying space: Paramedic room. Gina knocked gently on the door. \"Who's there?\" Someone shouted from the room. \"We are Cody. You can open. \" It clacked a key in the lock and the door opened a crack on. Cody's red hair and his blue eyes peering out of the gap. \"It's ok, Cody.\" Said Fran Exhausted. \"Mum and Dad, it should perhaps now see.\" \"See what?\" Said Flint worried. Cody disappeared from the gap and threw open the door. And gave a clear view of the room. Tim, Earl, Cal, Barb, Steve and Manny had crowded around a table. Wick and Cody sat, red from blushing, on two chairs on the wall. The four adults and the ape looked at each other and gave a view of the table. Stan lay, eyes wide open in shock and anger, on the back. And swollen as if he had been straight overrun by the Mosquitoast's. His swollen skin was covered in some places by red bubbles. \"STAN\" cried Sam in horror and rushed to him on the couch. Stan said nothing and continued to stare into space. \"What happened to him?\" Flint asked in alarm in the round. \"Sorry, Mr. Lockwood. That's our fault. \" The answer came unexpectedly from Cody and Wick. Manny spoke between pure. \"I've already told you pequeños. That was not your fault. You could not know. \" Wick sniffed loudly. \"We have cookies shared with him. And then he has become bad ... and then he has turned over ... and, and then his skin ... \" He sniffed loudly and spits in Cody's shirt. Flint looked at him. \"Stop trying blame you guys. If Stan is such a steadfast eating machine you can do nothing. \" Wick giggled and stopped howling. Sam shook her head. \"But what is wrong with him. Since when he tolerates no cookies? The he eats tons. \" Barb interrupted her. \"It was not the cookies. At least not directly. \" She gave Sam an opened package marked with: Peanut cookies. Sam tried to figure it out, except that she should rather not eat it. Barb looked at her encouragingly. \"And dear? Have you already added together 1 and 1? \" Sam turned around the stomach. \"Please do not about?\" Manny sighed. \"But Sam, I'm sorry. And by far more violent than with you. \" \"Peanut allergy ...\" \"Si, that's what!\" With these words, he grabbed another allergy injection and stabbed the needle into Stan's upper arm. Nothing happened. \"That was the sixth injection and still no effect.\" Manny rummaged in his pocket and pulled out a small black needle. \"This is the strongest medication what I now have left. Still keep Stan! \" Another time he stabbed with the needle and pressed the plunger down. All held clamped to the air. Suddenly Stan began to cough slightly, then grabbed his whole upper body forward and breathed frightened. The red spots on his arms disappeared and the swelling decreased. Still gasping Stan just said. \"Buah, by a hair, I would have burst!\" \"Stan!\" Sam pulled her son so close to him that he already kicked wild soon. \"You squeeze my lungs off!\" \"Tit for tat.\" Laughed and cried at the same time and let him go. He sat down sulkily to the table edge. \"This is unfair! Why do I have to have a stupid allergy? \" Flint sat down beside him. \"But you can't do anything. The lies just in your genes. This happens not only to you and it's gonna be ok, son.\" Stan began to cry like a baby. \"Ah, Stan.\" Sam said exhausted and sat down on his other side. He crawled onto her lap and wept inconsolably. Fran felt sorry for her brother, that he really had not earned. So it was only one salvation. \"Mum, Dad. Stan and I have forgotten what to say. \" Her father looked at her questioningly, while the others had to grin. Stan stopped immediately with the blubbering and presented with Cody, Wick and Gina in a row. \"What is it?\" Sam asked curious. The five friends looked at each other. \"Who says it?\" \"Do you!\" \"No you!\" Earl slammed his mighty fist on the table. \"So that's enough times! Flint, Sam. The twins plan to themselves and to you procrastinate to Hawaii for 10 days. \" Flint's jaw dropped. \"You're kidding me, Earl.\" \"No, Lockwood. A police officer and mayor never lies. \" Sam was furious. \"AWESOME! I've been 20 years wanted to go to Hawaii! \" Fran put on her best smile. \"Since I'm saying. Now she smiles again as a Candy Horse, \"exclaimed Cal. \"You're crazy. Completely crazy. \"Said Flint and shook his head. \"And by whom they probably have the most?\" Sam whispered mischievously in his ear. \"Oh, stop that! You're just as crazy! \" Stan laughed. \"Be glad of it! Otherwise it would not be called in a few months \" He threw himself giggling in pose. \"Aloha Hawaii, here we come!\" Note: Before we go to Hawaii, yet comes a little bonus scene. Just for fun ! : D Master Fran[Chapter 9] Bonus Scene, takes place shortly before Hawaii Holidays. A little background information: Stan challenge Flint sometime to eating competitions. It's a little bit similar to Lion King 3 at this shot :D \"Mum! Mummy where are you? \"It was Saturday, 10:30 am morning while Sam researched the weather forecast for the upcoming days and she had to look up in astonishment as she saw her daughter. Desperate, angry, but also excited and amused Fran pushed her way through the morning shift in the weather tower to come to her mum. \"What happened honey?\" Sam asked worried as Fran clung to her arm and jumping up and down. \"Stan! He has Dad challenged again for eating competition, and the whole thing in ten minutes on the court. Sam's jaw shut as she tried to process the new information. \"Please Frannie, what is it this time?\" Fran swallowed nervously before saying: \"Slurp snails\" In the tower there was silence, just a droning was heard as Sam slammed her head on the work surface. \"Those big stupid fools! Come Frannie, I have to watch that. But it will end badly, I can predict to you! \" While Fran ran to the elevator, closely followed by Sam, Flinty jumped up from his workplace. \"We also go with! An eating contest between Flint and Stan is always funny to watch, especially because Stan is undefeated so far in all disciplines, with the exception of spooning peanut butter. \" Oh yeah, peanut butter wasn't a good idea. The complete Sparkswood laboratory, meteorology and lab station, went to the old sardine place. Meanwhile, half Swallow Falls and many of the foodimals have gathered to watch this pointless spectacle. Sam and Fran turned the stomach when they saw the mountains of slimy green snails (it might have thousands) and Flint and Stan, sitting opposite at a long table. In her eyes shone the addiction for the victory; both stared defiantly with mischievous grin during Earl pityingly counted down the countdown with a gun in his hand. \"I believe that this is not a good idea,\" whispered Fran, who had desperately clung to the jacket of her mother as the start of eating competition fell. Greedily Stan grabbed the first snail, choking the slimy contents of the carapace down, then he slammed the empty shell in a ton and his coach Brent put thrilled a mark on a sheet of white paper. Unimpressed Flint shuffled from his first shell and threw it with a smug look on his trimmed son into his own ton; Manny made a mark on Flint's list. Insanely grabbed Stan equal five snails with both hands and sucked it out and threw it with a loud cry behind him as the greenish slime ran from his face. Sam had to control herself not to vomit in the middle of the place as Flint vindictive emptied his snail shells. At some point also appeared on Gina from the crowd and joined Sam and Fran. \"A pretty stupid idea, or Fran?\" she asked carefully and Fran nodded sadly. But at some point, she was also a little bit proud of her crazy brother. The whole dragged on for an eternity, as the now completely dirty Stan sucked out the 600 shell and gave a loud belch himself, which probably could still hear in New York. Full of satisfaction Stan looked grinning at his father, who brought with completely green face another snail on the table and finally ended with a final groan along with the snail to the ground without eating it. Earl cleared his throat: \"Since Flint Lockwood is now Knocked Out, the title goes with a score of 600:598 to Stanley Lockwood!\" Excited Stan jumped with a cheer and a hard round belly on the table and let himself first celebrate of Brent, who ruffled excited him the spiky hair. \"You did it buddy! You really did it!\" Other people came to congratulate Stan, but kept their distance because Stan was dripping with disgusting smelling snail slime. His best friends Cody and Wick pelted him with his 600-eaten snail shells. \"Our new World Champion in the canteen!\" they cried exited. Also, Fran jumped up to laugh at her brother and throwing him a respectful glance. \"You stupid crazy kid!\" \"You're more than just a crazy kid!\" added Gina amused beside her. Sam, meanwhile, went exhausted to Flint, who was still lying flat on his belly and face. \"I've always told you that you're shalt not be challenged by an ten year old. Just look at you…, you stinky thing! \" Flint groaned loudly. \"Now I want to hear no admonitions, Sam. I just want to find a quiet place where I can vomit my soul out from my body in peace! \" Sam began to laugh inexorably. \"Do not worry Dad, someday you'll get me. But fail is and will remain fail! \"Just do not forget Stan, that in your condition you will not set a foot in the house!\" Sam reminded him sharply. \"But Mum…!\" \"No \"But\" Stan. You'll leave the bathroom today again, only if I do not smell anything more from these nasty snails!\" Brent, who had appeared behind them, laughed out loud. \"I smell better than you, buddy, in my chicken outfit!\" \"You would not even be suitable as a bait, boy.\" Also by Tim he got off his fat. \"But my Deodorant works too. I invented it. Smells like a trash can!\" said Stan hopefully. \"STAN!\" Fran, Gina, Cody and Wick imploded with laughter. Hope you enjoy :) And now: Let's go to Hawaii! MasterFran[Chapter 10] At last I 'm through with this chapter , the next one is a little more difficult. But I hope you like it done :p : The weeks leading up to the next holiday passed in a flash. And so at last came the long-awaited day when the four Lockwood left for Hawaii. A final farewell celebration was held the night before in Sparkswood laboratory. For Flint it was almost embarrassing. \"Honestly people, we are just 10 days on vacation and don't shoot us to the moon!\" Fran and Stan still met up with their friends in the school yard to a joint meeting. But that was now past. Exactly at 4 clock in the morning the alarm rang in all rooms. Flint was again the first on his feet. This was followed by Stan, who went up and down already fidgeting with shorts, t shirt, sunglasses and bulging bag in the corridor. \"Where's Mum?\" He asked his father. \"You know the women, Stan. Have you heard Fran? \" He shook his head. \"Nop. No sound. \" Flint searched his filing cabinet and pressed his son something in his hand. \"Go to Fran and tell her: If she is not out there in 3 minutes, then you light the Celebrationator. And with my permission! \" Stan grinned maliciously. \"With pleasure, Dad!\" Flint went back to bed, grabbed Sam at her ankles and pulled her out. She banged hard on the floor and scolded like a sparrow. \"What is this, Flint?\" She asked sleepily. \"If you keep sleeping, we miss our flight! You've hopefully not forget, is not it? \" \"Oops! I'll be right there. \" Within a quarter of an hour, the family sat in the car and was on his way to the small airport of Swallow Falls. Fran was asleep again in the meantime and hung like a sack of rice in her belt. Stan was on 180 with excitement, tapping wildly on his cell phone. Even Sam struggled with fatigue, but remained awake. \"How long do we need again to the airport?\" She yawned. \"Thirty minutes, approximately. We have then for about an hour until departure and many hours to get to LA, \"he said. \"Thirty minutes? I'm bored to death now? Can you turn on the radio? \"Stan whined. \"Let sleep your sister, Stan.\" \"Oh nightcap.\" He muttered irritably and nudged his twin sister with his finger, who farther slept calmly. \"After all, she does not snore. Otherwise I would have stuffed her the Celebrationator in her mouth and then ... \" \"Stan,\" said Flint sharp. Stan sighed and began to stare off into space. \"We're almost there, darling.\" At the airport, the family was still plenty of time until departure to LA Fran had become awake again and sipped her brother behind her. The next problem arose however when checking the luggage. \"So, their luggage and your wife are fine Mr. Lockwood. But what's wrong with yours, children? \"He asked, surprised the twins. \"Have you robbed an iron mine?\" Fran and Stan looked quickly exchanged a glance and hummed something to themselves. The man on duty opened with difficulty their suitcases and looking with big eyes on the content. Sam was furious. \"My goodness! Fran, Stan, you can't take your whole Invention Stuff on vacation! \" \"Why?\" Fran asked, a little too innocent. \"What do you want with a flamethrower on holiday? And Stan! The cansqueezer remains as well! \" Stan fingered disappointed his metal gloves that crush through momentum transfer all the material. \"But without my Hairspikier I do not go to Hawaii.\" \"And I will have my all-purpose knife there.\" Pleaded Fran and put her best puppy dog eyes on. Now mixed Flint be located. \"Done. Hairspikier and all-purpose knife. But the rest remain here! Do you understand? \" \"Yes, we have Dad!\" Flint took the rest of the stuff from the bags and handed them over to customs. \"Here, say Earl that he pick them up and bring back to the lab.\" \"I doing.\" The man said, giggling. The remaining time until departure turned out to be relatively unproblematic. Flint telephoned, Sam was reading through a huge stack of magazines, Fran sucked on a blackberry milkshake and Stan angered the huge living tomato that had crept in the waiting room. Then after hours of their flight was finally called. \"All guests of flight BT2764 to Los Angeles, please go now to gate A12.\" \"Finally.\" Sigh Stan and let go of the poor tomato. Fran padded curiously through the great gate to the entrance of the aircraft. \"This is by far cooler than a flying car.\" She marveled. The Lockwoods snaked through the ranks to their seats. Flint and Sam in the middle passage, Fran and Stan occupied the window seats. A new dispute was soon kindled and now the children beat again to the seat by the window. \"I've got seat A, so this is my place, you cow!\" Said Stan touchy. \"The sign must also properly read around, you dumbass. That's seat B and thus my!\" Fran hissed and pushed her brother away from the window. \"But we will exchange some point, Fran,\" he grumbled. \"Over my dead body!\" Flint slide exhausted into his seat and sighed. Sam hugged him. \"Do not worry, the two will already have agreed.\" \"How long did you say you fly to LA?\" \"About 6 hours, Flint.\" \"6 HOURS, MUM?\" Stan asked, horrified. \"Only to LA\" she said quietly and strapped in themselves. \"How can I survive?\" \"Look forward, Stan.\" Yawned Sam and pointed at his front seat. \"Screen! That's cool! Luckily I have mine left at customs. Ok, I take it all back again. \" He rummaged in his backpack and pulled his headphones out of the side pocket. \"Departed!\" Fran looked at him with wide eyes. \"Can we even change places that I can look at?\" She begged. \"Over my dead body.\" Did he give back and closed his eyes with pleasure. \"Please, please Stan. You can but also to the window! \"Begged Fran. \"Because it's you, little sister.\" He chuckled. Fran did not quite know whether to be offended or grateful profoundly. \"Thank you.\" She said simply and looked out the window. It tooted and Fran Stan tore the headphones from his ears. \"What's next?\" She whispered. \"Announcement from the pilot or something.\" He muttered. \"Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you warmly on board. My name is Carl Devereaux and I'm going to fly today from Swallow Falls to Los Angeles. We're still waiting for our permission to start. \" \"Good Morning! That is to say, \"Good night, ladies and gentlemen\"! \"Grumbled Stan. \"Devereaux? Is the pilot related to Earl? \"Fran asked meanwhile her father. \"Carl is his cousin.\" He said. The safety instructions rattled past them. Fran stared transfixed out the window while the aircraft was driving to the runway. It was pitch dark. She only saw the colorful lights of the headlights and the flashing of wings. Stan looked meanwhile after the specified life vest under his seat \"Mum, can I take that thing? That's funny. \"He called excitedly across. \"Of course not, Stan. What if we really drown in the Atlantic? \"Sam hissed. \"I don't care ...\" muttered Stan and pushed the lifejacket back under his seat. Flint, meanwhile, made copious notes in his block. \"Lifejackets I have to build still under my seats. And the oxygen masks also still missing. \" Sam took his hand. \"That time until we are home again, ok?\" Suddenly the plane began to shake mightily, all were pressed into their seats. \"OMG, what is that?\" Fran shouted to her brother and clawing her fingernails into the armrests. Stan typed with one hand around on his screen. \"We accelerate to 300 km / h to take off.\" Stuttered Stan. Suddenly, everything felt different. \"Are we in the air?\" She asked excitedly. \"Yes we are. Why are you asking the whole time? You were often enough in Dad's flying car. \" Fran cocked her head. \"But never in a real airplane!\" As you saw outside darkness still nothing, she looked at the screen of her brother. A large map of the world was mapped out and a long yellow line. \"Our flight route. We are right here, right above Swallow Falls. \"Stan said, pointing to the beginning of the line. \"And there at the end is Los Angeles. Have fun with the 6 hours of flight time. \" Fran stretched. \"I'll sleep for now. Wake me when something interesting happens. \"She muttered, and fell asleep in her seat. Stan took care of his sleeping sister relatively little. He was not in the mood to sleep. He drove the first 2 hours of listening exclusively to music. When repeated the songs Stan was eventually boring. \"Mum,\" he complained, and Sam was startled. \"What's the matter, darling?\" She asked anxiously. \"I'm bored!\" Sam said first nothing. \"Then find you employment?\" \"And what?\" \"Read a book.\" \"Boring.\" \"Do a crossword puzzle.\" \"Boring.\" \"Go to sleep.\" \"I'm not tired.\" Flint gave him a stack of sheets. \"You can Flinty's invention mend. The blueprints need to be revised. \"He said. Pleased Stan took a pen. \"Not boring!\" Sam looked at her husband reproachfully. \"How do you always do?\" \"I'm just a natural.\" Did he give back smiling. \"Oh yeah?\" Sam muttered, leaning against his shoulder to fall asleep again. More hours passed, in which Stan but eventually dozed off and now Flint was the only one who remained awake. While Sam warmed his shoulder, he made his first really thought about his first real vacation. Whether he was at all familiar with the nature of this world, when he was with his family for years already of strange vegetation, ratsbirds, talking monkey (or ape) and living food surrounded? Actually went to the 6 hours. First, Sam woke up again and stretched, yawning, next woke Stan up again and looked rushed around. \"Did I miss something?\" He asked, horrified. \"Did not you, honey. Besides, if you now look out of the window like. \" Stan turned to the window and his mouth fell open. The aircraft was a secure way to the airport in LA, as the display announced and already decreased slowly. Leisurely it rustled through the thick clouds and Stan stared now at the brightly lit landscape of America. \"Fran, come on, wake up,\" he cried, shaking his sister's shoulder. Fran blinked sleepily but her eyes were huge in the view from the window. \"This is so cool.\" She whispered excitedly. It honked again and Carl's voice came from the speakers. \"Ladies and gentlemen, we will shortly at the airport of Los Angeles land. Please buckle up again. \" Fran and Stan joined both their seatbelts and stared out the window like flies when the plane accreting landing. No, L.A is not the last stop ! Our Guys will switch again and then it's off to Hawaii. The next chapter is coming soon, you can already be looking forward - MasterFran[Chapter 11] I'm sorry if you had to wait so long for the sequel. My grandpa died a few days ago and I have needed some rest. But this chapter, I've finally made for him to the end. Frans breathing skipped a moment when the plane touched down at full speed on the ground. She was more comfortable than expected, perhaps because she was used to the bumpy landings by flying car. Stan sighed facilitated. \"Finally, we are in Los Angeles. I want to get out of here finally. \" He packed his headphones and Flintys blueprints in his backpack and squeezed out of his seat in the aisle. \"Ouch, my butt hurts,\" he moaned against his sister. \"Do not cry but let me out!\" Fran replied impassively. Even Flint and Sam had left their seats and were together with their children pushed towards the exit of other passengers. When the twins left the plane, there is a large black man stood in front of the cockpit . \"Was that Carl?\" Stan asked his father. Flint nodded. \"Yes Stan, he was.\" Meanwhile, Fran was talking to Sam. \"Mom, do you think that Uncle Manny can also fly a large aircraft?\" She had to laugh. \"You know that your uncle practically for all occupations has a license! And he was really time co-pilot earlier before he became my cameraman. \" Fran nodded impressed. She was proud to have an uncle like Manny. He was funny, knew a lot, and had finally saved her life ever. \"And now what, Mum?\" Asked Stan. \"What now, Flint?\" Sam asked. \"Now we go to the next gate. In 40 minutes, our next plane flying to Honolulu. \" \"What is a Honolulu?\" Fran asked confused. Stan slapped annoyed at his head. \"Honolulu is the capital of Hawaii! You never hear actually in geography? \" \"I've just forgotten.\" Defended herself. \"And what about our luggage?\" Sam asked while Flint. \"This will be reloaded. Do not worry about it. \" The family had to leave the lock as a growling noise sounded. \"Can we still muster something to eat, I'm hungry,\" groaned Fran and holding her stomach. \"Oh yeah! Is there a KFC here? \"Said Stan, clapping his hands in delight. \"Presented at all the time? Not that we miss our flight to Hulonulala? \"Fran hooked even after. Flint stroked her soft hair. \"First called the city still Honolulu and yes, there's time yet.\" He rummaged briefly in his wallet and pulled out a couple of bucks. \"Here, this is more than enough. And do not buy bullshit! \" \"Oh, we still do not, Dad.\" Stan chuckled. Fran already ran off. \"Then I will strike me now the belly full, then I am no longer hungry on the flight to Nuluhono.\" \"HONOLULU\" roared Stan and ran after her. Flint and Sam had ordered a coffee and waited in a room. \"This is almost worse than you and your attempts to pronounce the word FLDSMDFR.\" Laughed Flint suddenly going on. \"The word you can't say yet, Flint! Why did you have your machine even call FLINDSMNFER? \" \"Because,\" Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super mutation dynamic food replicator \"is a much too long word.\" The first ten minutes the two spent more carefree. As Fran and Stan still not appeared after a further quarter of an hour, Sam was getting impatient. \"Why does it take so long?\" She asked. \"They're probably landed in the deep fryer.\" Gave Flint back and looked for Stan's phone number. After a few seconds he put his phone away. \"Phone is made of.\" He said annoyed. \"And what now? Should I proceed and they looking for? \"Sam asked worried. She got no answer, because suddenly there came a increasingly loud hiss from the shopping mal. A blue red lightning shot across the floor tiles, more precisely: Two small figures with Jetpack shoes. Stan seemed to have the shoes barely under control while Fran had her arms wrapped around his waist and her sandals left behind a decent braking track. Between the teeth she held two greasy paper bags. The boy came shortly before his parents to stop staring at him aghast. \"Are you completely insane, Stan?\" Both hissed completely disconcerted. Stan met once violently to the ground and brought the rocket shoes to a halt. \"We have rushed us just a little. Is that right Fran? \"Said the boy left, and his sister let him go. \"Are not the next time a little less conspicuous?\" Said Flint exhausted and pulled his daughter's bags from the mouth. \"Yes, alright. This was an emergency. \"Apologies to Stan. Sam looked at her watch. \"We have to go!\" The family went to the last gate, which still separated them from their holiday destination. The Lockwoods went down the stairs and found themselves on the airfield again, because their last machine was a handsome propeller aircraft. The engines ran at full speed so Fran despite her glasses her eyes were watering. \"On, moving finally.\" Shooing Stan his sister. He bounded up the stairs and climbed into the plane. There was still much smaller than the Boeing of its first flight. Stan was reading his ticket. \"At last! I have the window seat, \"he rejoiced and leaped to the window. Fran slumped in her seat next to him together, rummaged in her bag and tucked a KFC chicken leg between her teeth. The rest of the content they threw to her mother. \"Here, Mum. Istill have ordered chicken wings, so it has taken so long. For Dad is still in there something. \" \"You're wonderful, Frannie!\" Relaxed gnawed the children on their chicken bones, while the aircraft is shot with a loud roar down the runway and in a safe way to Hawaii left the airport in Los Angeles. Excited Fran and Stan looked out the window. Now that it was light, there was so much to see. Cities, lakes, forests and fields ... \"And as long as we fly this time, Mum?\" Stan whined again. Sam spat out a chicken leg. \"A little more than five hours. Do not tell me please that you're bored again. \" Stan shook his head. \"Nope, I'm going to give a peep from me!\" He rummaged in his backpack and pulled out two game consoles. Frans eyes were as big as an owl. \"Where did you get that?\" She asked incredulously. Stan grinned. \"Parting gift from Louise. One for each of us. \" Undecided, she fingered the cable to the screen. \"And how does that part?\" Stan pulled the cable out of the hand and squeezed it to her forehead. \"The console works with telepathy. You have to just think clearly your goal ahead. \" He put a memory card into a drive. \"We have at least one first wrestling game to try out. So go ahead! Think of just how you would attack me and finish off. \" Incredulous, she stared at her screen, where an adolescent knight (Stan) faced of a humpbacked old nun (Fran). It was not long before her character was by a skilful uppercut of the knight on the ground. \"Come on, Fran! Just think about it! \"Hired her twin brother to her. The nun was back on her feet and rocked back and forth (Fran still had no idea why she played a nun?) Think about it, she thought. Think. Fran turned out to be first with eyes closed like a Watermelophant sat on this miserable Knight and crushed him among itselves. \"Hey, what's Fran?\" Stan asked, incredulous and offended at the same time. She opened her eyes and looked at the game. Her nun stood unharmed in the ring, while Stan's character was buried under the huge Foodimal. \"Why did you have a Watermelophanten sat on top of me?\" Fran chuckled with delight. \"You told me to think!\" Game to game playing siblings and beat each other to always scurrilous ways. Until someone from behind tapped Fran on the head. Startled, she tore the headset from her head in time to see how Stan toasted her nun in a toaster. \"What is it Mum?\" Sam pointed out the window. \"We're here?\" Were really over already five hours? Fran fell over Stan's lap and taught both eyes from the window pane. Her breath caught. Hawaii was an idyll in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The high craters and mountains were lined with dense forests, high waves rushed to the sandy beach. Also, Stan could not turn away his eyes from the sight. The children strapped themselves, craning their necks to the moment of landing experience. A quick jerk and a squeal of tires and they were on the ground. On the ground of Honolulu, Hawaii. It took barely half a day as Fran and Stan were already standing barefoot in the white sand and enjoyed it to finally be on vacation. A few women danced came forward and laid their flowers chains around the necks. Enthusiastic plucked Stan at his flowers. \"So part of me wanted to have from time to time,\" he squealed happily. Then he held surprised . \"But still I'm not really one of these people! Wait here shortly Fran! \" He swished away through the dancing groups of locals. Fran sat down in the soft sand, made him trickle through her fingers, staring out at the raging sea. A few surfers hissed through the thundering waves, and she felt a twinge of jealousy. She had firmly resolved to stand once in those ten days on a surfboard. Her parents had been around for almost an hour busy to check in and to relate the room. Up to the first dinner in Hawaii Fran wanted to savor every cubic millimeter of this island. Tomorrow Fran would go with brother and parents to Honolulu, the capital of Hawaii, whose name she still could not pronounce properly . At the airport they had no time to look around, so she wanted to do it tomorrow. On the second day, she just wanted to explore the area, swim in the sea and do whatever she wanted to make sure. Next she and Stan had not been scheduled yet. She heard a whistle and a laugh of others and Fran turned around. Strongly had to control not to laugh out loud. Here stood Stan, dressed with coconut shells, palm leaf skirt and floral decoration, trying to imitate the hula dancers. \"What the hell are you doing, Stan?\" Cried Fran and hopped over to him. Stan's steel-blue eyes sparkled to her. \"We are on vacation. And that has to be celebrated, Fran! Even without Celebrationator! \" He threw his arms in the air and yelled as loud as he could. \"ALOHA ON HAWAII!\" Yay, finally: Aloha Hawaii! Look forward Chapter 12.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 I have made parallel to Chapter 11. I hope you enjoy it. Finally a couple of Hawaii adventure for you! And Fran will meet someone very special: Fran was on the third morning traveling alone. She wanted to visit the coconut garden of the area today. In shorts, top and flip flops she made at 10 clock on the way. Fran had a half-mile walk on the beach until she could turn right on a path. Her breath caught. She had already seen palms and coconuts anyway at home in Foodimaljungle, but so many palms as here ... The fruit was hanging to the masses on the trees and out of her no one seemed to be there so early in the morning. A large sign now Frans had attention. Coconut Garden Hawaii: Reap as many nuts as you want . Warning: The coconuts can easily fall from the tree and are very heavy. Please pay attention to other visitors. Have fun . Skeptical Fran looked at one of the palm trees. How to get the coconuts down there now? She kicked violently with her foot against it. \"OUCH!\" She cursed, bouncing wildly on one leg. Effect: none, Pain 100%. It was obviously her but only one way: climbing. The bark offered her reasonably good grip and besides, she was anyway an ace at climbing. With hands and feet Fran worked inch by inch up the tree. When she reached the top she was in good 6 meters. Fran pulled vigorously with her foot and kicked the coconut. \"AHHH!\" She cursed, holding her foot again. She tried it twice with her other foot, then finally loosened the coconut and fell down into the sand. \"Finally.\" She muttered relieved. Fran kicked two more nuts from the tree, then she slid back down on the trunk and examined her profit. Fran was just about to transfer her stock as a loud \"WATCH OUT!\" broke the silence. It was already too late. Before Fran got the opportunity to process the warning call, something hit her with the force of a cannon ball in the middle of the back of the head. She heard a loud scream from far away (that was her own?), Then Fran lost consciousness. \"Hello there? Hello, You are O.K ? \" Fran opened blinking her eyes. She looked blurred, her head pounded and she could not think clearly. \"Hi there! Are you okay? \" There was this desperate voice again and still Fran did not know where she was. \"Oh, wait.\" She felt something on her nose and suddenly the world was sharp again. \"What ... what's going on?\" Droned Fran incomprehensible. She saw her now contrite Opposite: It was a boy, about her age. Black hair and intense hazel eyes. \"I'm so terribly sorry, that's all my fault.\" He whined. Fran was irritated, so the boy chattered on. \"I got my coconut Drop and warned you too late. That's why you fell in the sand and fainted. \" Fran felt for a rough bandage on her head. As she ran her fingers to the back of her head, she screamed . \"You have given me a decent headshot.\" The boy blushed with self-loathing. \"How can I make good again? If I got you smashed the skull almost with a coconut? \" Fran giggled. \"You've already made me a bandage. Such accidents happen. \" The boy shook his black hair and sat down beside her on the sand. \"You can have the coconut as compensation.\" He said sheepishly and pushed two shells over to her. \"You have a pretty hard head. That thing is broken on impact. What is your name? I'm Simon. Simon Jeorgney! \" Fran shook stroked back the strawberry-blond hair and dark brown strands. \"I'm Fran Lockwood.\" The hazel eyes were on plates. \"Lockwood did you say? You are not by chance the daughter of the legendary Flint Lockwood and Sam Sparks? \" \"Yes, I'm his daughter. And I still have a twin brother. Stan. \" Simon clapped his hands to his mouth. \"Your father will kill me if he finds out that I have bombarded you with a coconut.\" Fran slapped him affectionately on the shoulder. \"Do not worry, he does not. My dad is not so bad. He has forgiven all my friends even though they had almost killed my brother. \" \"Really?, What happened,\" Simon asked excitedly. So Fran told him the complete story of the math competition. Simon listened intently. \"And so you are now here on Hawaii? Hard number. You really are a Superbrain! \" Fran blushed and smiled. \"And how come you're here?\" Simon waved him off. \"My father sits in the government of Florida, since I also live with him. We are now for the fourth time here on Hawaii. \" She had to wonder. Hawaii a normal person not afforded every year. \"And your mother and siblings?\" \"I have no siblings. Mum and Dad are divorced since I'm four. But I visit Mum at least once a week. But on Hawaii, I'm always with my dad. Mom has a fear of flying. \" \"And how old are you?\" \"I'm 11. So almost a year older than you and your brother.\" \"A good combination.\" Said Fran grinning. Simon grabbed the stack of coconuts. \"Don't you think that we could eat them now,\" he asked with a smile. She clapped her hands. \"Oh yes!\" Then she paused. \"How to get off to the milk,\" she asked stupidly. \"I thought your island consists of food.\" Said Simon confused and amused at the same time. \"Yes, but because coconuts are already open to all.\" said Fran meekly. The boy laughed and solved a big knife on his belt. \"I have also get to Swallow Falls, of course, I must first talk with Dad. So: You just have to take the knife and break the shell. \" He hacked around on the hard shell and began laboriously, pieces break out. \"Well, anyhow.\" He gasped, before the shell had split into two halves. \"Here. Why not take the first one. \"Said Simon and Fran expressed the shell in addition with a straw in his hands. A milky liquid sloshing in the bowl and Fran took a sip. She was sweet and tart at the same time. She licked her lips. \"Mmm, tastes just as delicious as home.\" When she saw Simon looked eating still more complicated by the second coconut, she took off her shell and pulled her purpose knife from her pocket. \"Here, Take. This make it work better.\" Fran exposing a laser cutter (function number 43 of 128) and Simon screamed in fright. \"What's that?\" She shrugged her shoulders. \"Only my purpose knife.\" He carefully took the knife and cut with a slight jerk clean by the hard shell. \"Wow! Did you make it up yourself? \"He asked enthusiastically. She nodded. \"Has only one week used. And another two weeks to equip it with all 128 functions. \" Simon nodded, impressed. \"You're just like your father. He was often seen on TV. \" Together, the children went forth over the coconut milk, then they gnawed the flesh from the shells. With a belch Fran clapped the last coconut aside and rubbed her full belly. \"I'm overfed.\" She sighed. \"Me too.\" Said Simon, leaning against the palm. Then surprisingly squeaked a cell phone. Surprised Simon pulled his phone from his pocket and stared at the message. \"This is my dad. He's waiting for me at the hotel. \"He said quietly. \"My parents also determined.\" Said Fran thoughtful and both got up. \"Shall we meet here again tomorrow?\" Simon asked enthusiastically. \"I've got time.\" \"For real? And what we want to do? \"said Fran excited. He chuckled. \"Everything that the island will bear. You're my friend, there we have to have a little fun. \" Fran grinned broadly (like a Candy Horse). \"In any case. Same time and under the palm tree. \" \"All right. Until tomorrow Fran! And tell your parents that I'm sorry about your bump! \"Simon shouted, then he ran towards the beach and away. My head?, Thought Fran and touched the back of her head. After all the fun with their new buddy, she had completely forgotten that it was hurting at all. Eagerly awaiting the next meeting of Fran and her new buddy Simon? Check back soon! MasterFran ","Summary":" Before you read, noted the following: My stories based partially on the stories \"The day New York "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Rulers Of Terabithia","Author":"white collar black wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13096897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 1 As they followed the principal to their class they could hear the teacher talking to the students which stopped when the principal opened the door. \"Good morning kids welcome back hope you had a great summer\"Principal Turner told the class \"Mrs Myers these are Leslie and Lucas Burke they will be joining your class\"Principal Turner told her \"Leslie Lucas welcome to Lark Creek\"Principal Turner told them as he stepped out of the class \"Thank you Principal Turner\"Mrs Myers told him \"Well I guess you two will just have to sit a my desk this morning until we can figure out where to squeeze you two in\"Mrs Myers told them After the teacher gave them an assignment they went to recess where Leslie and Luke saw a race that was about to start so they went to joined after the race began they caught up to Jess who was shocked that Leslie was ahead of her brother with a few minutes left in the race Luke pulled ahead of Leslie and Jess and won the race. \"Are you two following me\"Jesse asked Leslie and Luke after they got off in the bus stop in front of their block at home. \"No we live over there\"Luke told him \"We're neighbors\"May Belle asked them excitedly \"It's just me and Luke\"Leslie told May Belle after she asked if they had any little sisters After that May Belle and Leslie began to talk about Barbies until Luke and Leslie's dad came outside and invited them to go with him to pick up some supplies Leslie went with him while Luke went inside the house and Jess and May Belle went home to their house. A/N- Hey everyone here is a new story hope everyone likes it. I know it's been a while since I updated any of my stories but college has kept me super busy so I've been writing all of my stories and once I am done write whatever stories i was working on I will begin to update after the first chapter as much as i can one thing is for sure I will not abandon any of my stories . Anyway please R&R; hope everyone likes this story and for anyone who follows and favorites me on fanfic please bare with me I will try to update whenever I can and as often as I can. Thanks for sticking with me. :)[Chapter 2] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 2 A few days later in class Mrs Myers had Leslie read her essay to the class and Luke saw Madison get a angry look on her face after Leslie finished reading her essay Mrs Myers assigned they to watch and write a paper on a undersea explore after Leslie told the teacher that her and Luke didn't have a t.v she told them they could write their paper on something else. \"Hey Leslie what are you and your brother going to write your essay on Bats in caves\"Madison asked her as Luke headed to the bus \"The row's for eighth graders\"Jess told Leslie after he grabbed her stuff and she moved to his seat after she sat in Janice's seat \"You're really asking for it\"Jess told Leslie after she waved at Janice when the bus took off after dropped them off at home \"Seems to me she gives out whether you ask for it or not so might as well have some fun\"Leslie told him \"Getting Janice all wound up is a weird way of having fun\"Jess told her After Leslie gave May Belle her barbies she Jess and Luke raced until they reached the woods and as they walked Leslie told the boys that they should have place just for them where they could hang out other than not being at school as they continued walking they came to a rope when Leslie began to swing on it she got the boys to try it too. While swinging on the rope Leslie let go it and landed on the other side of the creek. \"Leslie wait up\"Luke told her after he and Jess ended up on the other side of the creek \"That's the sound of the prisoners rattling their chains\"Leslie told them as they walked around the woods \"What prisoners\"Jess asked her \"The Prisoners of the Dark Master\"Leslie told him \"Hey guys come see this\"Luke told them after he found a beaten down tree house \"Dragon flies\"Jess told them after Leslie said something \"No they're warriors from the treetop provinces\"Luke told him \"These are the ruins of a once great fortress whose people have been imprisoned\"Leslie told Jess \"Prisoners of the Dark Master hear me\"Leslie said after she climbed further up the tree to the balcony \"We have come to free you\"Leslie told the prisoners \"Do you hear us\"Leslie asked the prisoners \"Show me that you hear us\"Leslie told the prisoners as the wind blew hard \"You just got lucky timeing the winds been blowing off and on all day long\"Jess told her \"Can't hear you\"Luke told the prisoners as he joined his sister on the balcony and the wind blew harder As the days and weeks went by Jess, Luke and Leslie went to the woods everyday after school and fixed up the fortress Luke and Leslie were even taking tools and stuff from their house one day after school Luke and Jess had to walk home as the bus driver kicked them off because Janice told him that they had tripped him \"What happen to you\"Luke asked his sister when he and Jess saw her \"Janice is a very talented person she can shot Ketchup packets over four rows of seats\"Leslie told them \"Can she wash up at your house if our mom sees this she'll be all over the princpal and our lives will be over\"Luke told Jess After Jess let Leslie clean up at his house he introduced them to his mom then they headed to the woods when they talked about what they're parents did for a living until pine cones began to hit them. \"Squirrels\"Jess told them \"Part Squirrel part Scott Hoager\"Luke told him \"Squogre\"Jess told them \"The sneaky foot soldiers of the Dark Master\"Leslie told them After they fought off the Squogre they climbed a tall tree where they could see the entire kingdom. \"What do we call this place\"Jess asked them after he could see what Luke and Leslie saw \"Terabithia\"Luke and Leslie said in unison[Chapter 3] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 3 After that they headed home at Jess's house he helped his dad clean up the mess an animal made in greenhouse. The next day Leslie told Jess to grab something from under the seat \"We heard it was you're birthday yesterday\"Leslie told him as he opend the art set that held varies paints and brushes. \"It must have cost a fortune\"Jess told them \"It doesn't matter what it cost\"Luke told him \"We can take it back and get a cheaper one if you want\"Leslie told him \"Thanks\"Jess told them \"Guys look the Squogre and the Vulchler\"Luke told them when he saw Hoager and his friend at the door \"The guys who can stand up to Squogre is scared of a Hoager\"Leslie told them \"Ms. Edmunds could I help you with those\"Jess asked her \"You sure can\"She told him \"We'll those two\"Leslie told her as Luke grabbed one box and she grabbed the other \"Thank you\"Ms Edmunds told them as they all walked in to the school Later on that day after school Leslie and Luke were fixing up the fortress Jess was painting a drawing of it with the name Terabithia in big letters under it when suddenly a giant tree fell. \"It's a giant Troll\"Leslie told them \"When the Dark Master saw that the Squogre's weren't scaring us away he sent a giant troll\"Leslie told them \"If we had a troll hunter we could track it's scent and sneak up on it\"Luke told them \"We rule Terabithia and nothing crushes us\"Leslie yelled from the top of a log \"We'll race you to the rope\"Jess and Luke told her as they took off running (A Few days Later) \"Are we slaying the giant troll after school today\"Leslie asked Jess as Luke sat next to her \"You and Luke have got your heads in the cloud Leslie\"Jess told her \"There is no giant troll alright\"Jess told them \"Well you better not let the Terabithians hear you they thought you were their prince\"Luke told him[Chapter 4] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 4 Later on that day during lunch and recess May Belle told Jess that Janice stold her lunch so Leslie told her that Jess, Luke and she would get her back the next day Jess tossed Leslie a flier that said Giant Troll huning season being today. So after school she and Luke went to the woods where Jess was waiting with dog that he said belong to Leslie and Luke. Leslie decided to name the got Prince Terrien P.T for short after P.T started baking they all ran to the fortress. \"Hairy Vultures\"Luke told them after they ducked when the birds attacked. \"We got to run\"Luke told them as more birds and Squogre's came at them as well as the giant troll. \"Leslie does this thing have a weak spot\"Jess asked her \"No Idea\"She told them as P.T began tickle the troll's feet. \"What do you think Janice's weak-spot is\"Luke asked them after they arrived at the fortress. \"Eighth grade girl probably Eighth grade boys who she got a crush on\"Leslie asked Jess \"Well the coolest boy in Eighth grade is probably Willard Hughes\"Jess told them \"Okay write this then\"Leslie told Luke \"Why don't you do it\"Luke asked his sister \"Would you just write it\"Leslie told Luke \"Alright fine but Jess is putting it in her locker\"Luke told them \"Okay write this Dear Janice, you're the most amazing and beautiful person I've ever known\"Leslie said and Luke wrote what she said \"I don't know if you know this about me but I need to tell you I think you are so cool you are the coolest over all the other girls in our school\"Jess said and Luke added more to the letter \"Let's find out if what I think we have is real meet me by the bus after school today we can ride home together and talk about us all my love Willard\"Leslie said and Luke ended the letter The next day at school Luke gave the letter to Jess so that he could put in Janice's desk while Luke and Leslie were the lookouts. \"You guys know if we get caught they're both going to kill us\"Luke told Jess and Leslie after he gave Jess the letter.[Chapter 5] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 5 After school Jancie was waiting for Willard when she saw him she told him about the note and after saying something to Janice Willard walked away with his friends and head to his own bus. On the bus that Janice took home everyone saw what happened and began laughing at Janice. \"So do you guys want to go\"Jess asked Leslie and Luke after they arrived at home\" \"They must have finished their book\"Leslie told Jess \"How do you know\"Jess asked \"Leslie Lucas we need your help\"Luke heard their dad yell at them from the yard. \"Come on\"Luke told Jess as he and Leslie head for their house After they got inside their house Leslie and Luke began to help their mom paint the wall and asked if Jess could help as Luke and Jess were painting Leslie and Luke's dad began to act all funny and playing around with Leslie while they painted after they were done painting Jess headed home the few days later at school Leslie told Luke and Jess about Janice. \"I just went to use the girl's room and someone's in one the stalles crying their eyes out and I think it's Janice Avery\"Leslie told Luke and Jess \"It can't still be that trick we played on her\"Jess asked Leslie \"I don't know but come here\"Leslie told them as she leaded to where the door for the girl's room was. \"You should go talk to her\"Luke told Leslie \"You're kidding right\"Leslie asked him \"That's not crying about a skinned knee that crying about somthing serious\"Luke told her \"Besides it's the girl's bathroom we can't go in there\"Jess told her \"I don't want to go in there alone\"Leslie told them \"What's the matter\"Jess asked her \"A girl who can stand up to a giant troll is afraid of some dumb eighth grader\"Luke told her After school once Jess Luke and Leslie were in Terabithia Leslie told them what she told to Janice in the bathroom they were shocked by what Leslie told them on the bus on the way home they saw Janice sit in the every front away from her friends. \"Her dad gets really mad her\"Leslie told them \"My dad gets mad at me pretty much all the time\"Jess told them \"He hit her and some neighbor heard them yelling so loud they called the police it got out and all the seventh and eighth graders know about it \"Leslie told them \"So what did you say to her\"Jess asked her when she got off the swing that they had put under the fortress \"Well I told about Luke and I not having a tv and everyone laughing at us and we know what it's for everyone to think we were weird\"Leslie told them \"What'd she say\"Luke asked Leslie \"She asked me for advice\"Leslie told them \"Janice Avery asked you for advice\"Luke asked Leslie not believeing what she told them \"So what'd you say to her\"Luke asked her \"I told her just pretend and that she had no idea what anyone was talking about and in a few weeks' time everyone would just forget about it\"Leslie told them as it began to rain. As it continued to rain they headed home when Jess told them that they couldn't got to terabithia until monday after school as he had chores on Saturday and he went to church with his family on Sunday so Leslie asked if she could go with them while Lucas was just fine staying at home.[Chapter 6] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 6 The next morning Jess looked extremely tired so Luke asked what was wrong and Jess told them that he had lost his dad's keys for work so now his dad had to get new keys and locks made at work until Leslie told him that May Belle had found the keys that she had put them in Terabithia. After school Luke, Leslie and Jess went to Terabithia to get the keys that belong to Jess's dad. \"Leslie here take this\"Luke told her as he threw her a long and think branch as they were surrounded by Squogre's \"P.T., get him\"Leslie told P.T. as she struggled against one of the Squogre's \"That was awesome\"Luke told Jess as he and Jess had gotten robotic arms to fight off some of the Squogre's. \"They'll catch us\"Leslie told them as Vulchlers attacked them \"Leslie we're the fastest in Terabithia\"Luke told her as they began to run faster until they got to the frotress \"Where are the keys\"Jess asked Leslie \"Open this\"Leslie told Jess as bright mystical light began to shine from her bag and it shined on the keys \"Where are Terabithian warriors when we need them\"Luke asked Leslie and Jess \"No idea\"Leslie said as a warrior showed up \"Great now there's four of us\"Luke said as he only saw one warrior before the others appeared. \"Attack\"Luke told the warriors as they charged the Squogre's and Vulchlers \"You almost got them\"Leslie told Jess as he had the keys within reach \"Jess look out\"Luke told him as Vulcher attcked him and Jess fell. As Jess fell he almost hit the ground until someone caught him. When they saw who had caught Jess they saw it was the giant troll who resembled Janice after that they headed home as it began to rain once again. The next day while Jess was at the museum with Ms. Edmunds Luke and Leslie went to Terabithia when they got to the rope they saw that the water level had risen in the creek again cause of the rain but they decide to cross anyway as Leslie was swinging on the rope to cross the creek the rope broke and she fell on the creek bed and hit her head so Luke jumped into the creak and grabbed his sister and pulled her the bank of the creek but not before the force of the water slammed him into the bank roughly breaking his arm and giving him a concussion. \"Leslie are you okay hold on\"Luke told Leslie as he pulled her out of the water even with his arm throbbing in pain. \"Come on Leslie breath please\"Luke pleaded with his sister as he felt for a pulse on her finding no pulse on her he carried her home unmoving his arms. As he got home with Leslie he immediately called out for his parents who came running outside after called the sheriff's office Luke called Jess's parents telling what happened to Leslie.[Chapter 7] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 7 \"What's going on\"Jess asked his parents after he got home from the museum \"We thought you were dead\"Jess's sister Brenda told him \"Brenda hush\"Jess's dad told her \"Dead\"Jess asked them shockingly \"What's going on\"Jess asked them again \"Your friend Leslie is dead she drowned in a creek this morning apparently she tried to swing across on a rope and it broke your other friend Lucas has broken arm and a concussion from getting slammed against the side of the creek after he jumped in to get her they think she hit her head and according to Lucas she did get slammed into the side of the creek\"Jess's dad told him as Jess got a shocking look on his face. \"It's not that kind of rope it wouldn't break\"Jess told them not believing what he heard \"But it did I'm sorry son\"Jess's dad told as Jess backed away from him when he approached him \"You're lying she's not even dead and Luke is not hurt you're lying\"Jess told his dad as he took off running outside to where he could see Leslie and Luke's front yard were he could see Sheriff cars conforming what his dad told him after that Jess went home and looked at the drawing he had made of Leslie Luke and himself standing next to each other and eventually cried himself to sleep. The next morning Jess and his parents went to pay their respect to Leslie when they arrived at Leslie and Luke's house Luke was sitting on the end of the couch with his arm in a cast and sling while his parents sat in the middle of the couch holding on to each other. \"Hey Jess\"Leslie and Luke's father told him as Leslie and Luke's mom talked with Jess's parents. \"You know Luke and Leslie ever had much luck making friends at their old school we were hoping that when we moved out here they would have better luck. Jess you're the best friend they've ever had and I'm sure Luke still feels that way since he hasn't said much since it happened.\"Leslie and Luke's dad told him The next day at school while Luke and Jess were in class Scott Hoager made a comment about Jess being the second fastest kid in class so Jess and Luke turned around a punched him in the face knocking him off his chair. \"Are you guys nuts\"Hoager asked Luke and Jess as he bled from his noise a little \"Jess Aarons, Lucas Burke go wait for me out in the hall\"Mrs Myers told them \"Jess Luke when my husband died people kept telling me not to cry they kept trying help me forget that he was gone but I didn't want to forget the things that girl came up with I don't get students like her or you Luke too often so I realize that if it's hard for me how much harder it must be for you two\"Mrs Myers told them A/N- Hey everyone here is another chapter this will be the last chapter for this year and I most likely won't be updating again until after the 1st of January that's when I more than likely update the rest of my stories Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year[Chapter 8] Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I do own Lucas \"Luke\" Chapter 8 During music Ms. Edmunds played a song on her guitar but one else played any other instruments while everyone else sang along to the song Jess and Luke just kept their heads down while tears ran down their faces at the edge of Luke's desk were the lyrics that Leslie had of the song that Ms. Edmunds was singing. After class Hoager and his friend Gary shoved Luke and Jess to the ground. After school Luke and Jess saw Hoager's friend Gary with a bloody nose and suddenly on the bus Janice sat next to Jess after the bus droped them off at home Luke threw his bag and his sling and ran off in the direction of Terabithia with Jess following. \"The tree must have fallen after I took her home\"Luke told Jess when the arrived at the tree that had fallen between the creek that had Terabithia on the other side. \"Come on let's go\"Luke told Jess as he climed on the fallen tree and crossed over into Terabithia \"There's that jiggling again\"Jess told Luke as Luke headed for the old truck that was on that land and removed the wind chime that was there. \"Do you hear that\"Luke asked Jess as they heard someone screaming Jess's name from the fallen tree at the creek so they rushed to it. \"Jess help I can't get across\"May Belle told Jess as she was hanging from the fallen tree. \"May Belle what are you doing here\"Luke asked her \"I was worried about you guys\"May Belle told him \"That's nice but don't be\"Luke told her \"We don't want you here this is our place go home\"Jess told her angrily \"I want to come with you guys\"May Belle told them \"This is our place I said go home\"Jess told May Belle angrily as he shoved her to the ground \"May Belle go home let Jess calm down\"Luke told her as he helped May Belle up and then followed Jess back to Terabithia \"The Dark Master\"Luke told Jess as they heard The Dark Master moving around the woods \"Run now let's go\"Luke told Jess \"Why is he here now\"Jess asked him \"Terabithia just lost one of it's rules we're a little vulnerable right now\"Luke told him as he tripped. \"Jess it's okay\"Jess and Luke heard Jess's dad say but saw no Dark master \"The Dark master is around right now because of us because of how much anger we have at the fact that Leslie is gone we have to accept that she's gone and the dark master will be no more\"Luke told Jess after he and his father talked \"The Dark masters is gone\"Jess told Luke \"Yeah he is but our memories of Leslie live on in us and whenever we remember her\"Luke told Jess the next day at Terabithia \"That's a great drawing of her and sending it down the stream is a good idea it let the Terabithiaians say goodbye to their former queen\"Luke told Jess as he put a drawing of Leslie on a little raft and let the stream float it away. \"We've got to do something about that log\"Jess told Luke as they looked up at it \"There's still some lumber at my house that mom and dad never used\"Luke told him \"What about it\"Jess asked him \"Let's make that crossing safer not just for us but for May Belle let's build a bridge\"Luke told him \"Dad can we use some of the lumber that's outside of the house\"Luke asked his dad as his mom can into the room \"Are you done packing we're leaving remember going back home\"Judy Luke's mom told him \"No I don't Leslie to be buried back home I want her buried here where Jess and I can go see her\"Luke told his parents \"It's not fair why should we bury her back home just so that the rest of our family can see her when they can come here to see her\"Luke told his parents \"I don't even want to move back home I will to live here in the last place Leslie lived in with us\"Luke told his parents as his father finally gave him an answer about the Lumber \"Okay kiddo we'll stay here and we'll burry Leslie here and yes you guys can use the Lumber outside\"Luke's father told him After leaving Luke's house he and Jess began to carry Lumber back to the stream and began to measure and build a bridge into Terabithia at the top of the bridge they make a shield out of wood and Jess painted a pencil, sword and a foot with angel wings on it and the words Nothing Crushes Us right underneath they nailed it to the top of the bridge. After that Jess went to get May Belle who looked shockingly at the bridge. \"Look they must have heard the rumor that the beautiful girl arriving today is the new future ruler of Terabithia\"Jess told May Belle and he and Luke walked her across the bridge \"Who heard\"May Belle asked \"The Terabithians they've been waiting\"Luke told her \"I don't see them\"May Belle told them \"It's an ancient forest May Belle\"Luke told her \"Full of Magical Creatures, friendly giants,anythig you can imagine\"Jess told her \"You gotta look really hard but keep your mind wide open\"Luke told May Belle as she looked around and saw everything changing befor her eyes and saw the Terabithians \"Can there be Purple flowers\"May Belle asked them \"A Castle a big one with towers and flags\"May Belle asked them again \"Of course\"Luke told her as the giant troll came towards them \"Is there a prince and king are one of you the prince and king\"May Belle asked them \"Luke's the king I'm the prince but only if your a princess\"Jess told her as the troll came towards them with two crowns and placed one on top of Jess's head and the other one Luke's head After the crowns were placed on their heads every Terabithian cheered loudly as they accepted their king,prince and princess. \"Every prisoner the dark master had is freed and the dark master is no more Terabithia is at peace and it is safe\"Luke told Jess as they stood at the edge of the bridge that was on Terabithia. The end ","Summary":" Rulers Of Terabithia Disclaimer- I do not know bridge to Terabithia or any of it's characters but I"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Sentinelle et Guides à Mega City One","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13172942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] « Sentinelle et Guide à Méga City One » : Hello ! Cela faisait longtemps que je voulais slasher Judge Dredd avec un personnage incarné par Ryan Gosling : « Blade Runner 2049 » a été un don du ciel ! Dans cette fiction, l'époque où évoluent Dredd et Joe est celle de celui du film « Judge Dredd, 2012 », mixée avec des éléments de l'environnement tirés de « Blade Runner 2049 ». Disclaimer : Je ne retire aucun bénéfices financiers de cette fiction et ces personnages sont les propriétés exclusives de leurs auteurs légitmes. I- Chapitre 1 : Joe détacha sa silhouette longue, svelte et aux mouvements pleins de grâce du mur de la salle d'attente où il se trouvait avec son formateur et mentor et suivit le jeune assistant du Juge Suprême dans le bureau. Pas un muscle de son jeune visage de blond aux traits réguliers ne démontra sa surprise de voir le conseil des juges en face de lui. Le jeune apprenti juge avait ressenti leurs présences avant même de pénétrer dans cette salle assez vaste pour tenir un conseil. Bruce, son juge formateur, ne se formalisa pas de la présence du conseil suprême. Même étant sentinel de niveau 4 , il avait pu percevoir leurs battements de coeur. « -Joseph Richard Deckard, commenca la juge suprême Hershey, en fixant un regard perçant sur l'intéressé, vous nous avez été recommandé par un membre de la famille fondateur de nôtre système de , il est dit que vous êtes un guide aux compétences exceptionnelles et aux pouvoirs psychiques extrêmement puissants. Vous pourriez briguer un poste de juge conseil ou formateur ? » Joseph Rick Deckard espéra que son désarroi passerait inaperçu auprès de ces guides et sentinelles confirmées. Surtout lors de l'énoncé de son nom complet et de la mention de ses pouvoirs exceptionnels… Dans les archives administratives, le jeune blond avait trente ans mais il n ' avait, en réalité, que trois mois d'existence sur cette planète irradiée. Il n'était sorti de stase que tout récemment. Mentalement, il adressa un remerciement à Deckard et sa fille Ana Stelline, ainsi qu' à ses amis réplicants pour sa renaissance à une époque où la population se terrait dans de vastes mégalopoles et où la criminalité explosait à tous les coins de rue… Se réveiller dans un laboratoire clandestin et s'entendre dire que l'époque, dans laquelle il avait vécu, avait disparu pour laisser place à une société gangrenée par la corruption et retournée, presque, à l'âge archaïque lui avait donné le tournis durant son premier mois d'acclimatisation. Mais fait et détail importants : les réplicants n'étaient plus que de lointains souvenirs et surtout, un mythe. Le silence de la pièce indiqua au jeune aspirant que la juge attendait une réponse à sa question. Subtilement, Joe chercha à percevoir les ressentis de ce conseil et constata que ses boucliers mentaux ne lui avaient pas fait défaut : Aucunes personnes, dans la pièce, n'avaient conscience de ses émotions et de son sondage psychique. « -Je préfère le terrain, Juge Suprême, répondit-il, posément, ses yeux bleus fixés sur ceux noirs du Juge Hershey. Mon statut de guide, combiné à mes talents de détective, serait un grand avantage à appréhender les criminels sans pertes civiles. » Joe se tut, attendant de voir la portée de ses arguments auprès du conseil. Il n'ignorait pas que son statut de guide puissant pouvait stabiliser les futurs aspirants juges sentinelles et les aider à maitriser leurs sens. En particulier lorsque ces derniers n'avaient pas encore rencontré leurs guides compatibles. Généralement, la place de Joe aurait été à l'académie. Bruce, son juge mentor, avait prévenu le jeune homme que ses pouvoirs seraient un éventuel handicap. Mais le jeune guide avait insisté : dans son ancienne vie, il n'avait pas eu le droit de choisir ce qu'il voulait faire. Dorénavant, il comptait bien exercer son libre arbitre ! Aspirant juge. Une manière de s'amender, après avoir eu le sang de ses semblables sur ses mains… Rick Deckard devait rire, quelque part là-haut ! La juge suprême allait déclarer sa décision mais l'entrée de son assistant l'en empêcha et ce dernier lui murmura des mots rapidement, tout bas . A cet instant-là, Joe perçut une présence psychique égalant presque la sienne et demeurant stoïque, il devina que cette personne au don si fort était le centre de l'occupation du conseil. « -Joseph Richard Deckard, déclara la juge suprême, d'un ton solennel. Vous êtes aspirant juge sous la supervisation du juge Volt ici présent. Nous nous baserons sur ses commentaires pour la décision définitive. -Oui, madame la juge suprême, fit Joe, avec un bref salut de respect de la main. -La séance est levée, messieurs et mesdames, prononça la juge, en se levant de son siège. » …... Bruce et Joe furent autorisés à quitter la salle quand une puissante migraine faillit faire chanceler le jeune blond qui dut s'appuyer un bref instant au mur du couloir. « -Que se passe-t-il, Joe ?, s'enquit Bruce, calmement pour ne pas alerter les autres personnes qui traversaient le couloir. » Le jeune réplicant inspira longuement et fermant les yeux, il tenta de se ressaissir : « -Juste un léger malaise, rassura-t-il, avec un sourire assez convaincant. C'est passé. » Bruce lui lança un regard suspicieux mais ne dit rien. « -Allons-y, fit-il simplement. » Sans un mot, Joe le suivit pour sa première journée d'évaluation. Distrait, les sourcils froncés, il écouta les règles énoncées par son juge. Il ne parvenait pas à comprendre la source de son malaise et étant ce qu'il était, il mit ce problème de côté pour se concentrer sur son test à venir. …... Joe, sanglé dans son uniforme de juge, était conscient des regards furtifs des cadettes juges femelles dans sa direction, ainsi que ceux plus discrets des cadets masculins. Il se savait attractif, avec ses yeux bleus qui changeaient de couleurs selon le temps et ses émotions et l'uniforme l'avantageait particulièrement. Il descendait les marches de l'escalier qui menait au halle du palais de justice quand soudain, il se pétrifia. Le temps se suspendit, littéralement, pour le jeune homme dont la visière de son casque masqua l'écarquillement de ses yeux bleus qui en devinrent presque verts. Les paroles de Bruce ne furent qu'un lointain brouhaha aux oreilles du guide qui déglutit : Deux juges venaient de traverser le halle, l'une le visage découvert et l'autre, mâle, continuait d'énumérer les règles. La jeune femme semblait être une aspirante juge et allait être évaluée comme Joe. Celui-ci reconnut l'aura de la télépathe qu'il avait décelée pendant son passage devant le conseil des cinq juges. D'ailleurs, la jeune femme, blonde comme lui, se détourna de son compagnon et le dévisagea, avec une curiosité courtoise et paisible. Son compagnon stoppa brusquement et leva la tête vers Joe et le juge Volt qui s'était tu, conscient de ce qui arrivait. Joe eut le souffle coupé une longue seconde sous l'intensité de l'attention de l'autre homme et il entendit comme un clic s'enclencher dans l'air. Ignorant des regards du personnel, des gardes armés et des autres juges présents dans l'immense hall, les deux hommes se fixaient, se jaugeant et ne pouvant détacher leurs yeux l'un de l'autre. Durant sa carrière de blade runner, Joe n'avait connu et vécu que deux expériences amoureuses : l'une, platonique, avec Joy et l'autre, affectueuse et sexuelle, avec une résistante réplicante. Il avait cru aimer et connaître que c'était le désir mais placé en face de ce juge, au charisme et à l'aura indéniables, il sut ce que signifiait, réellement, désirer. Un sentiment inconnu jusque-là du jeune réplicant émergea en lui et un désir, irraisonné et irrépressible, de se jeter dans les bras de ce juge. Désir que le jeune guide réprima avec peine, sous une attitude impassible. Mais jamais, le jeune homme n'avait éprouvé une telle envie d'appartenir à une personne et de trouver, enfin, sa place dans la vie de ce juge. Un froid se fit en Joe lorsque celui-ci reporta toute son attention à sa jeune aspirante, murmura quelques mots et que ces derniers sortirent du palais de justice. Joe les vit enfourcher leur lawmasters, échanger des paroles et s'éloigner vers la direction d'une autoroute. La désolation et la confusion de Joe durent se lire sur sa physionomie car son mentor lui étreignit, avec compassion, l'épaule. « -Ce n'est pas contre toi, Joe, expliqua Bruce, gentiment. C'est juste que ta sentinelle est Dredd. » A ce nom, Joe sut que sa vie de guide était condamnée : il avait entendu parler du mythique Dredd et il savait que l'existence du juge Dredd était dévouée à la justice et à Mega City One. Etant une sentinelle d'une stabilité exceptionnelle, il était le seul juge sentinelle à n 'avoir jamais eu recours à un guide. Même compatibles, une sentinelle et un guide se réservaient le droit de refuser de créer un lien. Et c'était ce que venait de faire le juge Dredd… Stoïque et enfouissant un sentiment de rejet, Joe rassura son mentor avec un hochement de la tête et tous deux prirent possession de leur lawmasters. Joe, enfourchant sa moto, se prépara à son évaluation et à une vie de solitude… A suivre Duneline, le 8/01/2018.[Chapter 2] II- Chapitre 2 : Le ciel était d'un bleu azur et la fraicheur de la matinée apaisait le tumulte des sentiments de Joe qui, au côté de son mentor, son law giver dans ses mains, sécurisait les lieux pour que le juge Volt pusse menotter les suspects d'un braquage de banque. Agenouillés, ces derniers murmuraient des insultes à l'égard des juges en général dans un langage fleuri et surtout, plus virulents, contre les guides et mutants. La foule de passants assistait à la scène, indifférente et habituée à la violence des interventions des juges. Plus loin, une équipe d'infirmiers et d'ambulanciers s'occupaient des blessés lors de l'attaque et une autre équipe, aux vêtements plus sombres, ramassaient les corps pour le recyclage obligatoire. Joe s'efforça d'ignorer ses déductions où et comment les corps se faisaient recycler et à quelle fin car le jeune homme n'avait pas vu de bétails d'élevage… Il réprima une grimace intérieure de dégoût, en songeant à son bacon du petit-déjeuner du matin et retint, à grand peine, l'envie de régurgiter son repas… Il se fit la promesse d'être végétarien et de connaître la provenance des ingrédients qui constitueraient ses repas futurs. Voeux pieux, dirait Bruce. Une migraine terrible fit chanceler le jeune aspirant juge et la douleur fut telle que Joe faillit en perdre son arme. Des flash d'images accompagnèrent ces maux de tête atroces et Joe cligna des yeux, cherchant à se ressaisir et à se concentrer sur ces flashs : il y vit Dredd courir, dans un couloir sombre, pour échapper à des rafales de balles et s'écrouler, le corps mutilé par les impacts de tirs supra puissants. Il perçut, plus qu'il ne vit, la peur et l'impuissance de Cassandra Anderson, l'aspirante juge télépathe et sa souffrance sous les tortures subies. Burce s 'assura que tous les suspects étaient dans le fourgon du département de justice et s'approcha de Joe qui lui intima, d'un signe de la main, de ne pas venir plus près. Le juge obéit, sentant la détresse du guide et sa concentration. Des murs gris où se détachaient des lettres, géantes et lumineuses, ne cessaient de revenir dans l'esprit de Joe qui parvint à les lire : « Peach Trees », le lieux où ces événements allaient se dérouler très prochainement ! Peach Trees ! Joe devait se rendre immédiatement à ce méga-bloc pour empêcher ce drame de se réaliser ! Oubliant tout ce qui n'était pas sa sentinelle, Joe se précipita vers sa lawmaster et sans explication à son mentor, il enfourcha sa moto et démarra en trombe. Priant pour arriver à temps ! … Cassandra, surveillant le suspect Kay, vit avec dépit que le sans-abris était toujours vers l'entrée Sud de Peach Trees et ce, malgré l'avertissement du juge Dredd. Elle avait tenté de lui éviter une sentence dans un iso-cube mais l'homme n'avait pas profité de sa seconde chance. Elle le comprenait, en partie car où le pauvre hère aurait pu aller ? Peut-être qu'un séjour dans un iso-cube lui serait beaucoup bénéfique que la vie dans la rue, à se droguer. Dredd, l'esprit en alerte par une agitation confuse et sourde dans le méga-bloc, ne manqua pourtant pas de remarquer le délinquant. Il stoppa sa marche et commença à prononcer sa sentence quand une sirène et une voix, répétitive et robotique, immobilisa toute la foule qui se situait dans l'atrium et hors de l'immeuble : « -Système de défense anti-guerre déclenchée et boucliers enclenchée. Tous les habitants demeurent calmes. » Une lumière rouge et aveuglante accompagna ces mots et les sens de sentinelle de Dredd se mirent en alerte maximale. Le juge entendit le son de la porte d'entrée blindée commencer à descendre rapidement, sans qu'il ne pusse rien y faire mais un autre bruit l'immobilisa complètement. C'était le rugissement d'un lawmaster poussé à son extrême capacité et la sentinelle aperçut une moto foncer, à une vitesse vertigineuse, vers la porte blindée qui descendait inéluctablement. Le propriétaire du lawmaster entreprit une mannoeuvre dangereuse, experte et dangereuse et la moto, s'inclinant vers le sol, glissa vers l'entrée qui se réduisait rapidement. Le juge se dégagea de sa lawmaster qui s'écrasa contre la porte blindée et son pilote parvint à s'introduire entre le minuscule espace entre la porte blindée et le sol, avant que cette dernière bloqua toute sortie et toute entrée. La force, conjuguée à la vitesse de la moto, envoya le jeune nouveau venu valdinguer, brutalement, contre le mur opposé à l'entrée. Sa chute arracha un gémissement de douleur à ce dernier qui se releva, avec peine, une main sur un côté de son casque . Cassandra vit du sang couler sur sa joue et à son aura, elle reconnut Joe, le guide non officiel de Dredd. « -Hello ! » Fit Joe, avec un sourire plein de bravade à l'encontre de Cassandra qui l'observait, perplexe et intriguée. Mais ses yeux ne quittèrent pas le visage impassible du juge Dredd. Celui-ci savait déjà son identité, par le rythme unique de son battement de coeur et son odeur propre à Joe. Joe sentit plus qu'il ne vit le mépris de Dredd à l'égard de son action de tout à l'heure et Cassandra éprouva de la compassion pour le jeune guide qui, malgré son attitude détachée, ne montra pas sa déception face à la réaction de sa sentinelle. « -C'était une action stupide, commenta Dredd, de sa voix grave et impersonnelle. Vous nous auriez été plus utile à l'extérieur qu' à l'intérieur . Maintenant, nous sommes trois à être prisonniers de ce bloc. » Joe entendit les mots non dits de Dredd : ce dernier avait géré une situation dangereuse avec une aspirante peu expérimentée et dorénavant, il avait la responsabilité de la vie de Joe, le guide qu'il avait refusé. Renfonçant son sentiment d'être de trop et un boulet pour Dredd, Joe suivit ces deux compagnons à l'intérieur de l'atrium. A suivre Duneline, le 11/01/19.[Chapter 3] III-Chapitre 3 : Joe hésitait entre le soulagement, la frayeur ou la gratitude car le fait d'être enfermé dans un bloc, sans issus de secours et moyens de communication avec le central, et pourchassé par le clan de Ma-Ma, l'empêchait d'éprouver de l'amertume, un peu de jalousie et de la peine devant l'indifférence affichée de sa sentinelle Dredd. Le juge senior, fidèle à sa réputation où le devoir primait avant tout, ne s'exprimait qu'avec son éléve Cassandra Anderson, lui demandant de prendre les initiatives lors des confrontations avec des membres du gang. Il ignorait totalement la présence de Joe qui se contentait de suivre et de les aider à neutraliser leurs poursuiveurs. Mais son attitude impassible et ses boucliers mentaux ne dupaient pas la jeune Anderson qui, desfois, lui lançait des regards d'excuses quand Dredd choisissait de ne s'adresser qu'à elle. Joe la rassurait par d'imperceptibles sourires de reconnaissance et décida qu'il aimait bien la jeune télépathe. Malgré la dangerosité de la situation, le jeune guide était bluffé et fasciné par le professionnalisme, l'efficacité, le calme et la maîtrise à toute épreuve de Dredd et il lui arrivait, sans le réaliser, d'admirer la haute silhouette, mince et svelte, de son juge sentinelle. Dredd était l'épitome du désir pour Joe qui se demandait s'il n' était pas un peu maso ! Il était clair que sa sentinelle ne voulait rien avoir à faire avec lui mais il ne pouvait cesser d'avoir des fantaisies sur ce corps que l'on devinait souple, athlétique et beau. Du peu que Joe pouvait percevoir des traits de Dredd, il devinait que le visage du juge était viril et attractif et la moue de ses lèvres, très expressive, était adorable et à croquer… La vue de la moue exaspérée de Dredd tira Joe de ses pensées et le fit se reconcentrer sur leur situation. Comme l'avait dit Cathy, la jeune habitante chez laquelle ils s'étaient réfugiés, l'ascenseur les avait amenés au soixante-seizième étages. Joe, examinant les murs délabrés et tagués, se rendit compte que les appartements étaient de véritables taudis et songea au confortable logement que le département de justice avait mis à sa disposition : il se considéra très chanceux. Soudain, Dredd s'immobilisa et avisant les alentours, jeta un vif regard dans la direction du couloir où ils se dirigeaient. Dans un bruit de ferraille, des barreaux de fer solide tombèrent du plafond et barrèrent le seul moyen de sortie. ….. Joe sentit l'inquiétude de sa sentinelle, ainsi que son impuissance car sans moyen de couper les barreaux, ils constituaient des cibles parfaites pour une attaque. Mais ce qui préoccupait le plus Dredd était que, comme l'avait observé Cassandra, le clan savait où les juges se trouvaient et étaient à leur merci. Et aucune attaque ne semblait se profiler. Que manigançait Ma-Ma ? « -Deckard, venez avec moi, fit Dredd, d'un ton professionnel. Anderson, retournez vers l'ascenseur avec le prisonnier : l'endroit est un abri de repli en cas d'assaut. » Joe échangea un regard hagard avec Cassandra, en entendant la suggestion du juge de se réserver sa dernière balle pour ne pas être capturée vivante par le clan. Il se promit de tout mettre en mesure pour que la jeune femme n'en arriva à cette extrémité désespérée. Avec un petit hochement de tête pour Anderson, il suivit Dredd à travers les couloirs. Les habitants se barricadaient chez eux, s'enfermant à double tour et Joe perçut leurs peurs et leurs incertitudes quant à ce que tramait le clan. Il ressentit leur hostilité vis à vis de Dredd et de lui-même car les civils les tenaient pour responsable des agissements violents de Ma-Ma. Une clarté avertit Dredd et Joe de l'approche de leur lieu de destination. Les deux hommes se planquèrent dans l'encoignure d'un mur et jetèrent un bref coup d'oeil dans la direction de la galerie opposée. Ce qu'ils virent les alarma : Des mitrailleuses, avec balles perforantes, étaient en train d'être montées par des membres du clan et parmi eux, se trouvaient Ma-Ma et Caleb, son bras droit. Visiblement, Ma-Ma, exaspérée de la ténacité à survivre des juges alors qu'ils n'étaient que trois, avait décidé d'utiliser les grands moyens. Le sang de Joe se glaça dans ses veines quand il revit le flash où Dredd s'écroula, le corps troué de balles. « -Oh, shit ! S'exclama Dredd, avant de se sauver. On se replie ! » Les deux hommes entreprirent de courir dans les couloirs, rebroussant chemin à l'instant où Ma-Ma ordonna : « -Feu à volonté ! » ….. Les balles sifflaient, les manquant de peu mais ne loupant les infortunés habitants de ce niveau : elles perforaient les murs, les portes et les chaines et les barricades de fortune ne les empêchaient pas de faire des ravages. La terreur, la souffrance et le désespoir des familles assaillirent Joe dont les boucliers étaient baissés car le jeune aspirant était plus préoccupé à éviter les projectiles mortelles que de maintenir ses boucliers. Une déflagration projeta Dredd contre le mur du couloir et des flammes, chaudes et aveuglantes, mêlés à la violence de l'impact submergèrent les sens du juge sénior qui s'écroula au sol. La vision du sentinelle s'obscurcit une seconde, mais une seconde où pour Joe, le temps se suspendit. Le souffle du guide cessa un instant, son sang se figea et tout son corps se statufia : la frustration, la rage, la déception et la terreur de Joe éclatèrent d'un coup, envoyant des ondes ultra puissantes qui, comme une vague de tsunami, firent exploser les vitres et dévièrent les balles qui devaient cribler Dredd. La vague d'énergie, déployée de l'esprit de Joe, puisait au plus profond de l'inconscient du jeune homme et durant de longues minutes, le silence se fit autour des deux juges. Une bulle protégeait les deux hommes et Dredd, à terre, ne détachait pas ses yeux de son guide, impassible. Mais Joe perçut son étonnement avant de s 'écouler, à la limite de l'évanouissement. Les bruits de rafales de tir parvinrent aux oreilles de Dredd, avant que les balles ne les atteignirent et sans ménagement, la sentinelle agrippa Joe par la main et le traina à sa suite. Dredd rejoignit Cassandra et leur suspect, s'abaissant pour éviter les balles qui détruisaient, inéluctablement, leur abri. Avisant une raie de clarté provenant du mur opposé à leur abri, la sentinelle fit exploser le mur qui fit apparaître une issue vers l'extérieur. « -On saute !, » ordonna Dredd qui, entrainant Joe avec lui, sauta à travers le trou créé. Joe, à travers l'épuisement, ressentit une vive douleur à l'épaule et de l'air frais. …. Le jeune guide revint à lui, adossé à un terrain de roller skate et frissonnant, il réalisa qu'il se trouvait à l'extérieur du bloc, sur une terrasse de jeu situé en hauteur. Des adolescents,intrigués,frigorifiés et apeurés, le fixaient pendant que le jeune guide inspira, avec gratitude et plaisir, de l'air frais de la nuit. Les lumières de la ville et les hautes silhouettes des autres blocs, se dessinant dans l'obscurité de la nuit, distraient Joe de Cassandra qui lui appliquait les premiers soins à son épaule blessé. Il adressa un sourire de remerciement à la jeune télépathe et relevant la tête, il s'aperçut que Dredd, en retrait, à côté du suspect évanoui, l'observait sans un mot. Rien ne transparut des pensées de la sentinelle qui, se détournant de Joe, évalua la situation. « -Il nous faut retourner à l'intérieur, déclara-t-il, en s'éloignant du guide et de la télépathe. Les renforts vont arriver mais il nous faut sécuriser un lieu de défense. » Joe, avec l'aide de Cassandra, encore fatigué par le déploiement de son énergie psychique, se leva et suivit, à pas mesuré Dredd. ….. Assis par terre, dans une salle de classe, Joe assistait à l'interrogation musclée par Dredd du suspect : Le voir se déchainer, faire preuve de brutalité et de violence aurait du rebuter Joe mais ce dernier ne put que trouver sa sentinelle sexy et irrésistible. Cassandra suggéra qu'elle pouvait lire les pensées de Kay et Dredd, allant monter la garde près de la porte d'entrée, la laissa faire. L'esprit embrumé par une torpeur bienvenue, bien qu'inquiétante, Joe accueillit cette sensation et fermant les yeux, il ne lutta pas contre l'inconscience qui l'emportait… Sentant un regard sur lui, il prit conscience qu'il s'était mis en transe de guérison, exigé par son corps malmené et son esprit épuisé et il vit que l'attention de Cassandra et de Dredd s'étaient concentrée sur lui. « -Je vais rester ici, proposa Joe, avec fermeté. Je ne serais qu'un poids mort pour vous. Je masquerais ma présence. » Il avait ajouté cette précision pour apaiser l'inquiétude de Cassandra qui consulta Dredd du regard. Celui-ci approuva d'une moue. Une amertume sans nom s'empara de Joe devant l'acceptation facile de Dredd de sa proposition. Le juge sentinelle marqua, cependant, une hésitation. Avec un sourire résigné, le jeune guide enleva ses munitions restantes et les tendit à Dredd : « -Vous en aurez plus l'utilité que moi. » affirma Joe en fixant bien Dredd de ses yeux. Cassandra, choquée et interloquée, allait protester mais elle se souvint de sa place d'aspirante et ne dit rien quand Dredd prit les munitions de Joe et sortit de la salle de classe, l'arme au poing. « -On y va, Anderson. » ordonna le juge, sans un regard en arrière. La jeune télépathe jeta un dernier coup d'oeil vers Joe qui s'était mis en transe et obeït à son supérieur. … Au fur et à mesure que ses boucliers s'affaiblissaient, Joe fut assailli par des émotions négatives, pleines de désespoir, de cris de souffrance et de douleur et de désillusion dans la vie et l'humanité lui-même. Submergé par tout ceci, Joe se demanda si son métier n'était pas futile : pourquoi apporter l'ordre et la justice si les habitants avaient perdu espoir en l'avenir et dans le futur de l'humanité. Que leur réservait l'avenir, à part, une vie dans une ville maudite et dans une planète ravagée par les radiations ? Où s'échapper ? Où fuir ? Vers d'autres mégalopoles où la loi du plus fort régnait, où la surpopulation ne garantissait qu'une vie de misère ? Le jeune guide gémit sous la migraine causée par la négativité des émotions des habitants de Méga-City One. Soudain, des petites lueurs se firent à travers tout ce désespoir et l'esprit de Joe, comme un papillon de nuit attiré par la lumière, s'y accrocha. Le jeune guide perçut la satisfaction d'un bébé d'avoir mangé, le bonheur d'une mère de pouvoir contribuer à apaiser sa faim, la joie de serrer un proche survivant et l'espoir tenace d'adolescents dans l'amour et l'amitié… Des joies simples mais qui apportèrent un baume sur l'esprit torturé de Joe qui comprit le bonheur d'être en vie. Le jeune homme sut pourquoi il luttait contre la criminalité : par ses actions, il garantissait ces petites joies aux citoyens de Méga-City One. Il avait failli ses semblables, une fois mais il ne faillirait pas à Méga-City One et à sa sentinelle. Une sérénité amena un sourire sur le visage de Joe et une brise caressa ses traits. Un parfum de fleurs contribua à élargir son bien-être. Un parfum de fleurs ? Intrigué, Joe rouvrit les yeux et des arbres, immenses et aux feuilles luxuriantes, se découvrirent sous son regard ébahis. « -Bienvenue au paradis des guides et des sentinelles ! » lança une voix chaleureuse et enthousiaste. A suivre Duneline, le 15/01/19[Chapter 4] IV- Chapitre 4 : Joe, debout, examinait la végétation dense, abondante et la chute d'eau qui alimentait un petit lac : il n'avait vu ce paysage que dans de vieilles archives datant avant et après le « black out » de son époque lorsqu'il était un blade runner. Une brise parfumée vit voleter ses mèches blondes et le jeune homme se rendit compte qu'il n'avait plus son casque mais il était toujours vêtu de son uniforme de juge. Il leva les yeux vers un ciel clair et son expression s'émerveilla de voir des oiseaux voler parmi les nuages blancs. Un sentiment de sérénité, de plénitude et de paix emplit l'âme de Joe qui se décida à donner son attention aux deux hommes qui se tenaient devant lui. L'un, les cheveux bruns bouclés et le teint hâlé, était visiblement un guide et avait un sourire chaleureux sur ses traits. L'autre, grand, musclé et l'attitude militaire, le dévisageait, calmement, sans aménité. Ce qui ressortait de ce guide et de cette sentinelle était une acceptation, sans condition, de Joe et une immense bienveillance. « -Suis-je mort ? », demanda Joe, s'adressant au jeune guide. Le jeune homme brun eut un sourire, légèrement embarrassé et coupable, avant de secouer de la tête : « -Non, tu ne l'es pas, répondit-il, sérieusement. Du moins pas encore. Tu as puisé énormément dans tes capacités psychiques et cela a épuisé ton corps et ton mental. Ton esprit animal t'a emmené ici pour tenter de te sauver. Je suis Blair, en fait et lui, c'est Jim, ma sentinelle. » Jim le salua, brièvement de la tête, et s'approchant de Joe, il l'examina attentivement, une expression soucieuse sur ses traits. Joe, perplexe, ne l'interrompit pas et jetant un regard autour de lui, il vit un tigre au pelage blanc magnifique qui l'observait avec quiétude. Il sentit la connexion qui le liait au tigre blanc et devina que c'était son esprit animal : il sourit, apaisé par la présence de son animal totem. Le tigre avança alors et se lova aux pieds de Joe qui se baissa pour le caresser. L'animal ferma les yeux et émit un ronronnement de contentement. Le jeune guide eut un sourire amusé. Il en oublia Jim et Blair, concentré à caresser le pelage de son tigre. « -C'est bien ce que je craignais, fit Jim, en finissant son examen de Joe. Tu as été empoisonné et tu aurais dû, déjà, être mort. Le fait que tu sois un réplicant a ralenti l'effet du poison sur ton organisme. A chaque fois que tu utilises tes pouvoirs, tu accélères l'effet du poison. » Choqué, Joe stoppa de caresser son animal guide. « -Ce n'est pas possible, murmura-t-il, dans le déni. Je n'ai ni bu ni mangé depuis le petit-déjeuner. Pourquoi voudrait-on m'empoisonner ? » ….. Jim, sans rien dire, prit la main gantée de Joe et la porta à la hauteur de son nez. La certitude se fit sur ses traits. « -Un poison administré de manière cutanée, constata-t-il, d'une voix convaincue. As-tu laissé ta lawmaster sans surveillance, un moment ? » Joe chercha dans ses souvenirs et l'arrestation des braqueurs de banque lui revint à l'esprit. Il se souvint d'avoir vu un passant banal admirer sa moto : sur le moment, le jeune guide n'y avait pas prêté attention particulièrement mais maintenant, en fouillant dans ses souvenirs, il se rappela l'avoir vu effleurer les guidons de sa lawmaster. « -Oui, lors d'une intervention, confirma Joe, en se traitant mentalement de crétin. Comment ai-je pu être si naïf et si imprudent ?! » Blair posa une main apaisante sur son épaule et gentiment, il entraina Joe vers le petit lac d'eau claire. « -Tu es dans la jungle des guides et sentinelles, expliqua Blair, en enjoignant Joe à entrer dans l'eau. Cette eau devrait te guérir de ce poison et te ressourcer, physiquement et mentalement. » Avec une confiance que Blair trouva touchante, Joe obéit et plongea dans l'eau claire et fraiche du lac. Sur la berge, son tigre, couché sur l'herbe, se prélassait, en le regardant. Joe se sentit revigoré et pleinement ressourcé : Le plaisir de tremper dans de l'eau fraiche et pure et de s'y prélasser, l'esprit en paix. Oubliant sa peine, sa déception et se perdant dans la contemplation d'une jungle magnifique… « -Tu peux choisir de rester ici, proposa Blair, d'un ton hésitant. Dredd me rappelle beaucoup Jim à notre première rencontre : Jim ne voulait rien avoir avec moi. Un vrai badass, ma sentinelle ! Comme Dredd… -Mais il est la loi incarnée, finit Jim, en s'approchant des deux guides. Il a grandi et vit dans une époque très dure où toute faiblesse peut coûter chère. Il me semble qu'il y ait une chance infime pour que Dredd accepte un guide et un partenaire dans sa vie. » Les paroles de Jim et de Blair ne faisaient que confirmer ce que savait déjà Joe. Un silence, gêné, se fit entre les trois hommes. Joe réfléchit, posément. Il songea à l'entente entre Cassandra et Dredd, à leurs capacités de juge et ne douta pas que ces derniers se sortiraient de la traque de Ma-Ma, vainqueurs et atteindraient leur objectif : l'arrestation de Ma-Ma et mettre fin au trafic de slo-mo. Non, Dredd et Cassandra n'avaient pas besoin de lui. Joe avait rempli son devoir de guide et avait sauvé sa sentinelle. Dorénavant, il se devait de tourner la page… Dans la jungle, il était accepté et en paix avec lui-même. Il devait reconnaître qu'il aspirait au repos et à la quiétude. Auprès de Blair, de Jim et des anciens guides et sentinelles, il ne connaitrait un tel sentiment de plénitude et d'acceptation. … Joe s'apprêta à donner sa décision à Blair qui le fixait, dans l'expectative quand une douleur fulgurante le traversa. Une rage bouillonnante, une impuissance et une souffrance montèrent en lui et Joe sut qu'il s'agissait des émotions de Dredd. Le jeune guide quitta le lac, brusquement et entrant en transe, il souhaita, de toute son âme, retourner à son corps physique. « -Adieu, Joe ! »entendit-il, avant de quitter ce lieu de paix et de douceur. Il adressa un salut de la main à Blair et à Jim et rouvrant les yeux, il se revit dans la classe. Sans perdre de temps, il explora, psychiquement, le bloc et finit par se connecter à l'esprit de Dredd. Par les yeux de sa sentinelle, Joe aperçut un autre juge qui visait Dredd de son ,Joe comprit que Ma-Ma avait acheté des juges et que ce Lex allait achever sa sentinelle. Il chercha l'aura de Cassandra, la situa très proche de l'endroit où gisait Dredd et entrant en communication avec la jeune télépathe, il l'exhorta à se dépêcher et la guida vers la bonne pièce. Dredd, blessé par une balle, était au bord de l'inconscience et allait être froidement exécuté par un juge véreux. Une bulle de douceur et de quiétude l'envahit et tira son esprit de l'inconscience. La douleur le quitta assez pour que la sentinelle pusse se ressaisir et dire à Lex : « -Attends. » Ce simple mot eut le don d'énerver Lex qui se lança dans un grand speech avant de s'écrouler sous les tirs de Cassandra. Joe prit sur lui la souffrance de Dredd quand il s'administra les premiers soins et lassé par ses efforts, le jeune guide s'évanouit. ….. Ma-Ma avait été jugée et exécutée par Dredd et son clan avait été entièrement démantelée. Dans l'ascenseur qui les ramenait à l'Atrium, Joe afficha un air indifférent et impassible alors qu'il hurlait, intérieurement de rage, de désespoir et de souffrance. Dredd soignait Cassandra dont la douleur embrumait l'esprit de la jeune télépathe. Oubliant Joe, Dredd et Cassandra échangèrent un long regard et la résignation s'empara de Joe devant leurs complicités, le respect évident l'un pour l'autre et le geste d'humanité dont faisait preuve Dredd à l'égard de Cassandra. L'espoir abandonna Joe quand il entendit Dredd, si intransigeant et si à cheval sur les règles, déclarer au juge Hershey que l'aspirante Anderson avait réussi son examen alors que cette dernière avait rendue sa plaque, persuadée d'avoir échoué. Son mentor et ami avança vers le jeune guide qui, fièrement et avec dignité, se tenait debout devant l'entrée Sud de Peach Trees. Son corps le trahit à l'approche du juge Volt qui dut l'attraper dans ses bras. « -Infirmier ! »Appela Bruce, inquiet du mutisme de Joe qui s'agrippait à lui. Ses forces l'abandonnant, sentant les ravages du poison sur son organisme épuisé au-delà des mots, le jeune guide, éperdu et délirant, enleva le casque de Bruce et le sien d'un geste désespéré et fébrile. Apposant son front contre celui du juge Volt, il murmura les phrases rituelles pour créer un lien : « -Sentinelle. » Bruce, surpris mais voyant la détresse de Joe, mit ses mains sur celles, brûlantes de son élève et ami, répondit : « -Gui... » Le juge ne put jamais terminer le rituel de lien car un grondement se fit entendre et une force formidable envoya Bruce loin de Joe. Joe, dans un instant de lucidité, réalisa qu'il était dans les bras de Dredd qui le tenait contre lui, possessif et protecteur. Des larmes de soulagement, de joie et de complétude coulèrent sur les joues de Joe qui, pressentant sa future démise, projeta ses pensées à sa sentinelle : « -Dredd, gémit Joe, avant de convulser et luttant pour rester conscient. Sentinelle...Dredd, poison ! Aide-moi ! » La machoîre de Dredd se serra et une détermination, mêlée à une rage pure, s'afficha sur les traits de la sentinelle quand Joe convulsa, une dernière fois, dans ses bras avant d'exhaler son dernier souffle. A suivre. Duneline, le 16/01/19.[Chapter 5] V-Chapitre 5 : Les infirmiers, les autres juges, ainsi que la juge suprême Hershey et Bruce, se pétrifièrent, appréhendant l'explosion de rage imminente d'une sentinelle ayant perdu son guide. Cassandra scrutait Dredd qui portait le corps inerte de Joe sur ses bras : elle perçut la peine, la culpabilité et l'incrédulité du juge sentinelle. Mais un autre sentiment primait sur toutes ces émotions : une rage froide, farouche et pure à l'égard du responsable de la mort de Joe. Des sentinelles, sentant la détresse de Dredd, se tinrent prêts à intervenir pour maitriser, si besoin, Dredd. « -Soyez prêts, infirmiers et juges, ordonna Hershey, discrètement et redoutant une réaction violente et désespérée de Dredd. -Oui, madame. » fit Bruce, une main sur son lawgiver. Mais rien ne se passa. Dredd ne bougeait pas, l'expression concentrée et finalement, semblant être parvenu à une décision, il se dirigea vers l'ambulance. Perplexes, les personnes présentes s'échangèrent des regards d'incompréhension et un infirmier, surmontant l'intimidation éprouvée devant Dredd, avança vers le juge et suggéra : « -Juge Dredd, il vaudrait mieux que l'équipe, chargée du recyclage, s'en occupe. » Entendant la suggestion, Dredd eut une moue de désapprobation et continua sa marche vers l'ambulance. La juge suprême décida d'intervenir. « -Dredd, fit-elle, avec presque de la douceur dans la voix. Joe est mort. Vous ne pouviez plus rien pour lui. Il faut le laisser partir. » C'était un ordre déguisé en conseil. Dredd serra des dents : « -Non. » Avec un soupir, Hershey fit signe aux juges de neutraliser Dredd, de façon non létale. Mais, un tigre blanc se manifesta et se mettant en position d'attaque, feula agressivement dans la direction des juges. Les juges, reconnaissant un esprit guide animal, eurent la sagesse de s'abstenir de tout mouvement hostile à l'encontre de Dredd qui parvint à l'ambulance. Avec une réticence visible, la sentinelle remit Joe aux infirmiers qui se dépêchèrent de déposer le jeune guide sur un brancard et de lui mettre un masque à oxygène. Dredd, sentinelle aux facultés surpassant celles de ses congénères, avait entendu le souffle faible et inaudible de Joe dont l'esprit et le corps s'étaient mis en transe pour ralentir l'effet du poison. Il surveilla les soins octroyés par les infirmiers, observant, impassible, le visage, pâle et las, de son guide. Sans un mot, laissant Joe veillé par son esprit guide tigre, il prit possession de sa lawmaster et quitta le secteur de Peach Trees. …. Des photos de criminels, fichés, défilèrent sur un coin de la visière du casque de Dredd qui finit par reconnaître le visage de l'empoisonneur de Joe. « -Dredd au Central, fit le juge, conduisant sa lawmaster vers le Q.G du secteur 13. J'ai besoin d'une surveillance aérienne pour trouver un suspect. -Central à Dredd, répondit une voix féminime. Requête acceptée. Drône activée. » Dredd gara sa lawmaster dans le hangar de son Q.G et se rendit dans le bâtiment de justice, afin de faire son rapport pour Peach Trees. Il était arrivée à la hauteur de son bureau lorsque le central l'appela : « -Central à Dredd. Suspect localisé au secteur 5. Envoi des coordonnées gps maintenant. » Dredd retourna à sa moto et rentrant les coordonnées de la localisation du suspect, il fit démarrer sa lawmaster. ….. L'homme, vêtu d'un blouson sans manche, les avant- bras tatoués, buvait une bière et riait avec d'autres membres d'un gang auquel il appartenait. Dredd activa le contrôle de la foule par sa lawmaster qui se mit à débiter le protocole, quitta sa moto et sans hésitation, s'approcha du groupe où se trouvait le suspect. Celui-ci, à l'apparition du juge, blanchit complètement et abandonnant sa boisson, il se mit à courir. Il se faufila à travers la foule de passants médusés et indifférents et crut pouvoir avoir le temps de rentrer dans un véhicule. « -Balle paralysante. »Murmura Dredd à sa lawgivers. Visant avec soin, il tira et le suspect s'écroula à terre, près de sa voiture et convulsant sous la charge électrique du projectile. Le criminel n'eut pas le temps de reprendre son souffle car Dredd le saisit par le cou, l'entraina contre la devanture d'une boutique et sans ménagement, le plaqua contre la vitrine. « -Qui t'a donné l'ordre d'empoisonner le juge Deckard ?, interrogea Dredd, en administrant un brutal coup de tête au visage de l'homme qui cria de douleur. -Je ne sais pas de quoi vous parlez, juge !, protesta le suspect, la bouche en sang. Je ne suis au courant de rien ! » Dredd, faisant confiance à l'image projetée par Joe dans son esprit, décocha un coup de pied violent qui fit se courber l'homme qui cracha du sang. « -Je répète ma question, fit la sentinelle, froidement et en attrapant par le cou l'interrogé. Qui t'a donné l'ordre d'éliminer le juge Déckard ? » L'homme, la respiration coupée, lutta pour se libérer mais la poigne de Dredd, implacable, était de fer sur sa trachée. « -Jeffrey, nôtre chef !, avoua le suspect, à bout de souffle. Il a appris que ce juge était vôtre guide et il a décidé de l'éliminer ! -Comment l'a-t-il su ?, voulut savoir Dredd, en secouant le criminel. Comment ? -Un employé du palais de justice lui a vendu l'info !, répondit l'homme, à moitié évanoui. » Dredd le lâcha et mettant l'homme en joue, l'exécuta, prononçant sa sentence : « -Tentative d'homicide volontaire sur un juge : la peine de mort. » Avertissant le central de son action et demandant l'intervention d'une équipe de recyclage, il vérifia ses munitions. Puis vérification faîte, il dirigea son attention vers les autres membres du gang qui le virent arriver, avec terreur. Il empoigna un des membres et entreprit une autre interrogation. ….. Joe, toujours sous assistance respiratoire, était allongé dans un lit d'hôpital et un garde armée surveillait sa chambre. La juge suprême l'observait par la vitre qui donnait sur sa chambre, le regard indéchiffrable. Elle eut un soupir de résignation, en pensant au raid que devait mener Dredd contre le gang de Jeffrey et aux exécutions sommaires et brutales. Des rapports ne cessaient de lui parvenir du secteur 5 et la juge Hershey avait donné l'instruction de ne pas intervenir et de laisser agir Dredd. D'une pierre, deux coups : cela apaisait l'envie de meurtre et de vengeance de son meilleur juge sentinelle et cela assainissait Méga-City One d'un gang actif et dangereux. Un homme,en blouse blanche, s'installa à ses côtés et la consulta du regard. La juge suprême donna son autorisation, de manière tacite et l'homme pénétra dans la chambre du jeune guide. Le tigre, allongé au pied du lit, vigilent, leva la tête et scruta l'inconnu. Celui-ci le salua, d'un signe de la main et apaisé, l'animal guide permit au docteur de s'approcher de Joe. Sortant une seringue de la poche de sa blouse, l'homme piqua une des veines de Joe avec l'aiguille et avec beaucoup de douceur et de sollicitude, il administra la solution se trouvant dans la seringue. De longues minutes s 'écoulèrent avant que Joe, inspirant profondément, rouvrit les yeux et arracha son masque à oxygène. Le jeune guide examina le lieu où il se trouvait et rassuré, il porta son attention sur l'homme à son chevet. « -Hello, Joe ! » salua ce dernier, avec un demi-sourire empreint de soulagement et de complicité. « -Bonjour, John. » murmura Joe, paisiblement. …. Joe dormait, d'un sommeil réparateur et serein. L'organisme, débarrassé du poison, commençait son processus de guérison. Dredd, stoïque et impassible, le regardait dormir depuis son retour du raid punitif contre Jeffrey. Dehors, la nuit étalait son obscurité sur l'immense cité où des juges patrouillaient. « -Je ne savais pas que la recrue Déckard se révélerait être un guide puissant, avoua la juge Hershey qui s'était approché de Dredd. Il égale vôtre niveau de puissance, Dredd. Les rapports disaient qu'il avait des aptitudes de télépathe mais il semblerait qu'il soit aussi capable de mouvoir des objets. » Dredd écoutait, sans bouger et sans répondre. La juge, habituée à son attitude laconique et peu bavarde, continua de parler : « -Je pensais que la juge Cassandra aurait été une équipière , à défaut d'être compatible, parfaite pour vous. Ses aptitudes de télépathe et son empathie auraient pu contre balancé vôtre nature intransigeante. Mais Joseph Déckard est entré dans l'équation. Je ne regrette pas de ne pas avoir accédé à la demande du conseil des 5 de l'éliminer quand nous avons découvert le projet « renaissance ». Intrigué, Dredd accorda, finalement,toute son attention à son supérieure et amie. Hershey sourit, en voyant qu'elle avait réussi à capter l'attention de son ancien équipier. « -Il est un réplicant, Dredd, informa-t-elle, d'un ton que seul une sentinelle du niveau de Dredd pouvait entendre. Cloné à partir de l'original officer K décédé et de Rick Déckard, un blade runner. Le projet aurait du aboutir à l'époque d'avant la grande révolution mais apparemment, la rébellion des réplicants et la guerre qui en a résulté à obliger Rick à laisser le projet en suspend. Rick a tout fait pour maintenir l'existence de Joseph caché afin de le protéger et a enregistré une vidéo à l'intention de ce dernier. Nous avons découvert la cachette du laboratoire que récemment et avons mené l'expérience à terme. » Dredd avait écouté sans rien montrer de ses émotions et après un long silence, il posa une question : « -Est-il au courant ? » Surprise de la question inattendue, la juge Hershey eut une pensée compatissante envers sa juge collègue du conseil. Celle-ci était, désespérément et follement, amoureuse de Dredd mais celui-ci n'avait jamais répondu à ses avances pour deux principales raisons : l'une, la loi interdisant toute relation amoureuse entre juges et l'autre, le fait que la vie de Dredd était vouée à la justice. Mais la loi de non fraternisation entre collègues ne s'appliquait pas aux juges sentinelles et aux juges guides compatibles. Dredd avait accepté Joseph et sa nature illicite alors que rien n'avait dévié la sentinelle de son sens du devoir et de justice. « -Oui, il le sait. » confirma la juge suprême. A cet instant-là, Joe se réveilla et naturellement, il tourna ses yeux bleus vers Dredd qui ne détourna pas son regard. Sans le quitter des yeux, Dredd entra dans la chambre et attrapa la main tendue de Joe qui la serra, avec gratitude et joie. Seninelle et guide se dévisagèrent longuement, sans échanger une parole. La juge suprême s'en alla, un sourire indulgent et heureux pour les deux hommes. A suivre. Duneline, le 20/01/19.[Chapter 6] VI-Chapitre 6 : Joe, à demi-allongé sur le canapé, visionnait la vidéo que Rick Déckard lui avait laissée : il l'avait vue de nombreuses fois mais jamais chez Dredd. L'appartement de sa sentinelle était à son image : propre, toutes les choses à sa place et Walter, le droïde, chargé des tâches ménagères, maintenait le logement d'une netteté militaire. Sur l'écran, Rick, le visage las et stressé, s'expliquait : « -J'espère qu'un jour tu auras ce message, Joe. Ana et des amis réplicants ont décidé que tu méritais une seconde chance. Nous t'avons cloné, à partir de ton prédécesseur K et de mon ADN et nous t'avons programmé pour que tu aies le libre arbitre : c'est le moins que je puisse faire pour te remercier de m'avoir sauvé et de m'avoir fait rencontrer ma fille. Je regrette de ne pas avoir le temps de m'attarder mais sache une chose, Joseph Richard Déckard : tu es mon fils. Tu as été désiré, aimé et j'aurais tant voulu te donner une enfance normale mais cette foutue guerre ne nous le permettra pas. Bonne chance, fils ! » Des larmes glissèrent des yeux de Joe, à la fin de la vidéo et le jeune guide les essuya discrètement. Il ne voulait pas alarmer Walter que Dredd avait chargé de son bien-être. Rick Déckard manquait au jeune réplicant et celui-ci n'ignorait pas que le conseil des 5 l'avait testé apte à être un guide et un juge. Il fronça des sourcils : Libre arbitre ou avait-il été conditionné pour être juge et ce, malgré lui ? Mais il se remémora ce que lui avait confié la juge suprême Hershey quand il lui avait posé la question : « -Dans vôtre ancienne vie, vous aviez été programmé pour être blade runner. Là, nous vous laissons le choix de vouloir devenir juge ou pas et vous pouvez, à tout moment, démissionner. C'était bien plus que la société Wallace vous avait accordé. » Joe, méditant ces paroles, avait du admettre que la juge suprême avait raison. Walter, affairé dans la cuisine, approcha du jeune guide. « -Dredd a fini sa patrouille, avertit-il, d'une voix impersonnelle. Il est dans le vestiaire. Dois-je mettre la table ? » Joe éprouva une joie sereine,en entendant l'arrivée prochaine de sa sentinelle et donna son consentement pour la préparation de la table. Dredd et le jeune guide vivaient ensemble depuis trois jours et Joe avait vite appris que le juge sénior était une créature de routine réglée à la seconde près. ….. Dredd, vêtu de son uniforme réglementaire, regarda la table où les couverts étaient placés avec une rigueur militaire et jetant un coup d'oeil vers Joe, il s'assit à table. Joe ne parvenait toujours pas à détacher son regard des traits de son juge, émerveillé par la beauté virile de son visage et les yeux verts perçants de Dredd. Il vit comment Dredd saisit sa fourchette avec une imperceptible hésitation et gentiment, enlevant toute onde de menace de son aura, il pénétra dans la sphère personnelle de la sentinelle. Dredd stoppa tout mouvement et l'interrogea du regard. « -Permets-moi, Dredd . » fit Joe, en prenant la main du juge avec douceur . Dredd se laissa faire et observa son guide lui masser la main, avec sollicitude et des gestes doux. Les deux hommes gardèrent le silence, ne communiquant que par leur lien et bientôt, un sentiment de confort et d'apaisement, provenant de Dredd, montra à Joe que sa sentinelle appréciait les bienfaits du massage. Tranquillement, Joe massa l'autre main, caressant et apprenant les moindres callosités sur la paume de son juge. « -Joseph, fit soudainement Dredd, en regardant avec intensité Joe qui sourit alors. Joseph est mon prénom. » Joe, lentement, déposa un baiser sur la paume massée de Dredd et ressentit le frisson de son juge. « -Nous étions destinés l'un à l'autre, constata le jeune guide, d'un ton mi-sérieux et mi- plaisantin. Nous portons le même prénom et nous avons le même niveau de puissance. Nous allons faire une équipe d'enfer. » A l 'allégation de leurs futures patrouilles ensemble, Dredd ne dit rien et se mit à manger, consciencieusement et méticuleusement. Joe ne s'en formalisa pas : il aimait Dredd et l'acceptait avec ses défauts et ses qualités. « -Tu n'as pas encore reçu la réponse à nôtre requête ?, demanda Joe, préoccupé. Généralement, la requête est vite approuvée par l'administration. » Dredd s'arrêta de manger et ne commentant la petite grimace de dégoût de son guide devant son plat de viande, il fixa Joe de ses yeux intelligents et calmes. « -Non, répondit-il, avec une moue d'exaspération. Je vais devoir en référer au juge Hershey. Son influence devrait accélérer la paperasse ou contrer un avis contraire. » Joe sut que Dredd lui cachait quelque chose d'important mais il n'insista pas. Il préféra s'attaquer, avec appétit, à son plat de pâtes végétariens. Il vit, amusé, que Dredd avait une légère moue de désapprobation à l'égard de son régime végétarien et riant intérieurement, il mastiqua chaque bouchée avec un enthousiasme exagéré. Dredd n'eut qu'une expression de dédain indulgent face au comportement enfantin de son guide et finissant son repas, il attendit que Joe ait terminé le sien. Joe fit l'impasse sur le dessert, en percevant l'impatience de sa sentinelle et son désir de compléter le lien entre eux. « -Walter, aucun appel du central durant la nuit, ordonna Dredd, en acceptant la main tendue de son guide. A moins que cela soit urgent . -Très bien, Dredd. » fit Walter, en commençant à débarrasser la table. Sentinelle et guide entrèrent dans leur chambre pour achever de consolider leur lien. … La juge Hershey lut le rapport de Dredd sur sa requête de patrouiller avec son guide et sa question légitime de savoir la raison du refus de pas lui avoir accordé cette demande. Galen Delmarco, debout devant son bureau, se tenait prête à argumenter son refus de laisser Dredd patrouiller avec le juge Déckard. « -La procédure veuille que nous acceptons les requêtes des sentinelles et guides s'ils veulent faire équipe ensemble, commença Hershey, d'un ton ferme. Pourquoi ne pas l'avoir accordé au juge Dredd, Delmarco ? -Nous avons vu combien Dredd pouvait être instable et incontrôlable lors de la démise présumée de son guide, argumenta la jeune juge, le menton relevé et sûre d'elle. Que se passerait-il si le juge Déckard se blesse ou soit pris en otage ? Imaginez le bain de sang qui pourrait en résulter, juge suprême. » Mais le regard plein de sous-entendu du juge Hershey fit rougir la jeune femme qui souhaita que l'entretien se termina rapidement. « -Nous savons très bien, toutes les deux, que ce ne sont que des conneries, trancha la juge suprême, sèchement. Dredd le sait aussi et estimez vous heureuse qu'il n'ait pas porté l'affaire devant le conseil des 5, Delmarco. Vous ne vous êtes pas montrée très professionnelle et séparer, de surcroit, volontairement, un sentinelle de son guide est un crime. Vous auriez perdu votre titre de juge et votre place au sein du conseil. Dredd a réagi comme toute sentinelle pour protéger son guide d'une éventuelle menace. Il a toute ma confiance,ainsi que celle des autres membres du conseil. Les rues ne seront jamais aussi sûres que maintenant Dredd et Déckard vont faire équipe : ils constituent la paire sentinelle / guide la plus puissante. » Voyant la peine et la souffrance de sa collègue, la juge Hershey reprit, avec sollicitude et empathie : « -Dredd a trouvé son guide et l'homme avec lequel il va partager sa vie. Il faut vous résoudre à l'accepter, Delmarco. Je suis désolée pour vous et je comprends votre peine mais vous devez vous ressaisir et faire preuve de professionnalisme. Puis-je compter sur vous, juge Delmarco ? » La jeune intéressée inspira profondément, ravala ses larmes et sa peine et affirma : « -Oui, juge suprême. » Fin Duneline, le 22/01/19. ","Summary":" « Sentinelle et Guide à Méga City One » : Hello ! Cela faisait longtemps que je voulais slasher Jud"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Return to Terabithia","Author":"RoCelia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8243722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is the first fan fiction I wrote. Well, for me, that sounds challengeable. So, enjoy it. Title: Return to the Terabithia Chapter 1 It was raining. At least he thought it was raining. Because Leslie, his best friend, was gone. Jesse opened his painting album which contained a portrait of Leslie. She was smiling. That made him feel a bit better but more painful inside. This was my fault. I should've invited her to the museum. I wasn't even there with her. Jesse slumped into his bed, filling his mind of Leslie. Her smile, her laugh and her Terabithia. He had no idea how to face the Mr. and Mrs. Burke. He didn't know what to do with Terabithia….with the absence of Leslie. Tears were gleaming in the boy's eyes. I'm sorry, Leslie. I'm so sorry. I… I haven't … I should have invited you . He trembled. I just don't know what I should do. He started to sob as tears overflowed and ran down his cheek. How can I live by myself in the world without you? For now, he just wanted to cry. Jesse went to the bridge which was replaced by a fallen tree. Compared with the Enchanted Rope, the new bridge seemed safer. At least it won't break and cause an accident that easily. Sighing, Jesse gazed at the other end of the bridge. It was Terabithia, the fairyland that they used to spend time together and have fun. There they rebuilt the ruin of the \"once great fortress\" into a new castle, talked about themselves, fighting with squogres, writing Janice \"a love letter from Willard\" …all the scenes were just like yesterday's events. Carefully, and a bit reluctantly, Jesse crossed the bridge and entered Terabithia. He shivered, since he was so familiar with the place, and scurried into the forest. Then he heard the noisy tinkling sound. \" That's the sound of prisoners rattling their chains.\" I don't care about prisoners! Irritably, Jesse ran to the car and pulled the door open, grabbed the metal wind-bell craft and threw it away, as hard as he could. It clattered as it hit the ground. \"Jess!\" A girl's shout came from the distant. \"Leslie?\" surprised, Jesse questioned, mostly to him. Is she still alive in Terabithia? He broke to a trot head to the direction where the voice is from, but there was nothing in sight, only the voice was echoing in the air. \"Leslie!\" Jesse shouted again, but still, no one showed up. \"LESLIE!\" \"JESS!\" Jesse stopped and started to listen carefully. A rustle came from the deep forest. Soon it came closer, and closer, and until Jesse can see it. It was a small flying creature. Try dragonfly. No. They are warriors from tree-top provinces. This wasn't a game. This was for real. The little flying pixie lingered around in front of Jess for a few moments, and then it flew upwards with a whistle. Jess looked up and got a shock. \"Leslie…\" Jess whispered. OK. Here's chapter 1. Hope you enjoy it. I have been trying to come up with more ideas.[Chapter 2] There was a huge crowd of \"dragonflies\" hovering around him. They form the shape of a human. Jess saw the whole crowd glowing and fainting. He shaded his eyes with an arm from the dazzling light. When the light darkened, Jess opened his eyes, what he saw was a mirage of a young girl in the air in front of him. The girl that Jess would recognize no matter how long he didn't see her. Yes, that is… Leslie. \"Jess…\" it muttered. \"Please… don't be so childish.\" It can't be real. She was gone. But, why? Why do I have a feeling of being fooled? Jess stayed silent. What was I thinking? She's still ALIVE! Isn't that why you come to Terabithia? Leslie still lives in Terabithia! She didn't die! He was in a shock and he was hardly having strength to say anything. How did he feel? Concern, worried, anxious, unbelieving, surprised… Is that a dream? The idea suddenly crossed his mind. \"Jess, so good to see you again.\" Leslie's soul landed gently and greeted to Jesse. \"You…you are still…alive?\" Jesse pinched himself hard in the hand; half believing it was a dream. Ouch! It hurt. So…that's not a dream. I'm not hallucinating… \"Yeah!\" Leslie's cheerful voice always made things all right. \"I'm here, talking to you, don't I?\" \"Why… How…\" Jesse tried to ask in a gentle way, \"But I heard you are…\" \"Drowned.\" Leslie completed the sentence evenly as if it isn't a depressed topic. \"Yes, I was. But you have witnessed the power of imagination before. You see…\" she paused a little, \"What stands in front of you is actually Leslie's memory. The Terabithians are gifted to call back a soul by appling the power of imagination and the endless yearns for the soul. I was called back by you the the Terabithians.I'm actually Leslie's spirit, or you can call me Leslie's soul.\" \"No. You ARE Leslie, the UNIQUE LESLIE!\" Jesse shouted, \"You are the Leslie who always lives in my heart! Even if you are her soul, you are still my Leslie!\" After realizing what he had said, Jess flushed and \"Er… I mean…my best friend.\" \"Thank you.\" Leslie blushed. \"It's very nice of you.\" \"Why don't you go back and see you parents?\" Jesse changed the subject. \"They must be extreme happy if they know your soul is still alive.\" Leslie's eyes darkened. She hesitated and looked so sad. Jesse never saw her like this before and that made he didn't know what to do. He didn't want to upset her. \"What's the matter, Leslie?\" He asked carefully. \"It's nothing.\" \"It seems…something. Come on, Leslie, spit it out. I can help you.\" Leslie shook her head. \"No. It just… I can live in Terabithia, but if I leave, the power of imagination will be extracted from me and… I will become dust.\" \"Dust?\" \"Yes. Dust.\" \"I'm sorry…\" Jess apologized. \"It's okay. It just I'm already not belong to the…to this time. No need to say sorry, Jess.\" Leslie's smile came back to her face, \"Come on, Jess. We rule Terabithia and nothing crushes us!\" \"Yeah!\" the corner of Jess's lips came upwards. \"Let's race, shall we?\"[Chapter 3] wo...Another chapter finally comes out. Hope you all enjoy it. Sorry for the delay. *innocent* R&R; please. Jesse burst his eyes open. He was panting, like he had just run a long distance. He shook his head and looked outside the window, before shivered and realized when and where he was. It was midnight, he was on his bed. Jess sighed and lied down, but he couldn't sleep. He couldn't even he forced him to. His emotions were just too instable. Is that only a dream or for real? He wondered. He was both excited and some kind of worried. What if she's still alive? What if that dream is real? The stars outside the window on the sky were blinking, as if they were asking the same question. Jesse closed his eyes, but the first thing came into his mind was Leslie's smiley face. He shivered and burst his eyes open again. That shouldn't be just a dream. She must be alive in the Terabithia. Jesse smiled by the thought. Alive in Terabithia? How could that be? But it must be real. Things came back to the first day Leslie took him to the wonderland. He didn't believe the warriors and the prisoners, but later it was proved to be real, in and beyond their imagination. He was shamed that he doubted. The sun slowly revealed its face from the horizon. Light shone through the curtain and started to fill the room. Before it filled the whole space, Jesse popped up from bed. He had a lot to do. \"Jess?\" May Belle asked, \"Are you Ok?\" \"What?\" \"You look…distracted by something.\" Jesse didn't answer. He didn't know what to say. He shot his sister an unaware look and went away. Pretending to be oblivious, he had his breakfast. His mind was in a mess. He thought of Leslie, thought of that dream. The dream was so real, real enough for Jesse to reckon that was his day experience. Like the ideas of her was driving him mad, he stood up and burst out the door. May Belle looked at the place where her brother disappeared; her eyes were filled with sadness. Today was Saturday. Jess's dad asked him to do more housework than before. Jesse did as he was asked to, but apparently he preoccupied by something else. He didn't realize he had been staying in the greenhouse for an extra half an hour until he was called to do something else. \"Fine!\" Jess answered absently. He shook his head to clear his mind. Strangely, he didn't revolt. It's not because he didn't want to. He was just so into the problem of Leslie. He finished his work as absent as he appeared to be. However, he managed to done it without making any mistakes. However, he managed to done it without making any mistakes. He was surprised by his achievement. If she really lives in Terabithia, how should I face her? What about her parents? Terabithia is our place. Jesse choked on thinking the word \"our\", which make his thoughts hard to be continued. Hope you like it. And thank you for reading.[Chapter 4] New chapter updated! Oh yeah! :P Two hours later, when Jesse came back to his home, he looked tired and exhausted, breathing as heavy as he could imagine. He slumped into his bed and sighed. It's all real! He thought, it is real! Jesse shook his head. The event of past two hours seemed like twenty hours, even days ran through his mind, like a movie is played again and again. He remembered. It was real, though it looked like a dream. What he had experienced two hours before had confirmed his prediction. Leslie was still alive in Terabithia; she would perish if she went out off the land. She was so real when he saw her… No, that can't be described as \"so real\", it was real, but now she was the same to any other creature in the kingdom—they can only live in Terabithia. One million meter out off the border would be leathal. How do I suppose to face her parents? Leslie's still alive. Well, alive in Terabithia. Maybe I can invite them? No. Another voice inside Jesse's head said. It's your place, your land, your secret, that only belongs to the pair of you. You can't do such thing! But at least her parents should know that… Jess, you silly boy. Don't you remember the promise? I do. As long as Terabithia exists, I'll always consider her as my best friend. She is my best friend forever. You have to ask Leslie, at least. Now the internal argument stopped. Jesse sighed in relief that the quarrel inside his head didn't end up blowing his head off. He thought of those scenes involved him and Leslie… \"Ready? GO!\" Leslie called. She readied her stance and grinned and Jess. Then she shot out, giggling as she always does while she ran with Jesse. Jesse let out a small laugh in return. They were sprinting, but for them flying would be more precise to describe their feeling. The sun shining through the gap between leaves, while doing so, it refracts the colors of light. Wind ruffled the two friends' hair. The pair of these two figures ran through the woods, raising dusts and leaves blowing in the wind behind. \"That is so much fun!\" Jess laughed. \"Yeah!\" Leslie cried. The sunshine flashed on their faces. Jesse glanced at Leslie, but he likely half froze when he saw Leslie's face in a fraction of seconds. Or, for him, the time had slowed down. He was preoccupied by her; Leslie looked so beautiful and charming and energetic. She was the Leslie he familiar with, but now the face looked kind of distant. He had a strange feeling—seemed like Jesse had seen a whole new view of Leslie that he never know. They both ran for a few good minutes. The time spent on the trip was so short but also so exciting, which left all the other thoughts behind. All Jess need to do now was enjoy. Jesse didn't know the reason, but he could tell something: Running together with Leslie always makes him excited. R&R; please. Thanks for all your support![Chapter 5] A new chapter here! This time I wrote a bit longer. Enjoy! Reviews and subscribes are welcomed! Jess turned around in bed. He didn't have any idea of what to do if anything happens. Still, he was glad that he didn't lose his best friend. After the weekend of heartache, heal and surprise, school time returned. Jesse thought. It had started all over again. he was not sad anymore, but rather in a conflict condition. It's where he first met Leslie. Snap out of that, Jesse! He warned himself. What are thinking about! She's OK! \"So…\" Gary Fulcher leaned forward, tilting his head, and whispered after Jesse seated, \"Now you should be the fastest one in the class?\" NO! Jesse wanted to protest. He knew Gary was just taunting, or just picking on him as usual. He had been used to that, used to be bullied by him and Hoager, had been used to keep silent, had been used to whatever unfair happened to him…until now. It was just ENOUGH! Jesse shot up and turned around, staring into Fulcher's eyes with his own eyes narrowed. Jess found surprise and a bit fear in Gary's expression, but he did not hesitate to clench his right fist. As if the armor had appeared, Jess aimed Fulcher's face as his target, and shoved him hard. The poor boy was still in shock, but he recovered quickly just enough to dodge the beat. He hit the box next to him and stumbled to the floor. \"What are you doing?\" Gary shouted, loud enough to brought attention of everyone's in this room, though some had already turned to see what had happened when they heard the box fell on the floor. \"Are you crazy?\" Jesse just sneered at Gary. He deserves it. The rest part of the day was so awful. Jesse met Avery, who tried to greet him in a genial way. He passed the Burke family; he saw the sadness and sorrow on her parents' face. For a moment he had the urge to rush to them that Leslie was still alive in Terabithia, but his reasons told himself he should not tell them their secret without Leslie's permission. Jesse had to talk to Leslie. He didn't want to see Mr. and Mrs. Burke suffer. After all housework was done, he ran to the bridge again. He wasn't thinking, like his sub consciousness was controlling him. He walked across the tree bridge and entered Terabithia. He saw the tree house, or the fortress as Leslie said, was still in good shape as it was when Leslie was still alive. Well, when she was alive in the real world. It looked like everything was OK, everything hadn't change a bit. But it did. \"Hi, Leslie.\" Jesse greeted, when he saw her. He waved a hand and smiled, enjoying the pleasure of being with her. Leslie looked cheerful as she always did. \"Hi, Jess. How's your school life?\" \"Oh.\" That was a sudden question. So sudden, so unexpected, that made him stuttered, forgetting all the sentences he had prepared to tell her. \"That's…pretty good.\" was all Jess could judge. He didn't want to remind Leslie about what had happened during the school time. So she did miss her original life. Jesse thought. Of course she did. It was a part of life. If you lives in the world from your imagination but spent no time in the reality, all you can do is wandering. The imaginary world wouldn't be so wonderful nor be so striking amazing if were not for the cruel reality. He knew how she had longed to hear about the new stuff, or rather gossips. On the hand, he hardly ha Perhaps it was not the proper time to tell her everything. \"Err, Leslie…\" Leslie held hand to indicate him to stop. Jesse closed his mouth, gave her a confused look, but inside he was relieved for he didn't have to tell any news. \"Let me guess…\" Leslie's words shocked Jess; he would never expect that. Leslie wanted to guess, she wanted to guess what happened, had Leslie Burke ever did that? \"Oh, just tell me.\" Leslie giggled. Jesse talked to Leslie about the various changes in her life. Everything had changed since her…left. Avery had become more friendly to her. She'd never done something mean to him and even started to defend him. That made Leslie a bit jealous. A bit. She was also glad that Jesse didn't have to suffer the bully. \"Leslie…\" Jess suddenly choked a little on what he's going to say. He hesitated if that is the time to say it. Maybe the sentence would never come out. \"I…We…They all miss you…\" Which Jess regretted saying so immediately. It shouldn't come out. It should never have. Jess blamed himself for being so blurt. \"Is that what you think?\" Leslie's voice trembled, \"that I'm a dead to them?\" \"No, no!\" Jess cried, \"It's just…\" He stammered. Just what? He had no idea. He looked at Leslie and shivered by this thought.[Chapter 6] \"No.\" That was Jesse's reply. No doubts, no exclaims, no hesitation. The voice didn't tremble as he thought. If he didn't know what he was doing, he may think it was a just causal talk with an acquaintance. \"You are still alive, to me.\" The next sentence was kind of ironic, to him. \"Then what's your problem?\" Leslie's attitude changed quickly, as if she didn't shivered the second before. Her tone turned into a serious one, but maybe combined with a bit curiosity at the same time. \"I…\" Jesse couldn't find his words and the thoughts he practiced and prepared before making the decision to see Leslie, \"Well…\" He thought he was ready for this, but seeing Leslie in this state always made him heart drenching no matter how much courage he stored. He couldn't find the guts to speak up or to move. Jesse suddenly remembered his conversation with Mrs. Myers after school the day he hit his classmate. Mrs. Myers Jesse was waiting in Mrs. Myers's office. He sat quietly, simply stared at Mrs. Myers with stubborn glares when she came in. He knew what kind of topic Mrs. Myers wanted to talk about, and that was the exact topic he was trying to avoid. He couldn't understand why Mrs. Myers wanted to have a conversation about death. He could remember her sniff, he thought she Before long Mrs. Myers started the conversation. \"It must be hard to you. However, you shouldn't think of her forever. You should just keep her in the deep part of your memory…and live your live like she was still here.\" Mrs. Myers said. Jesse couldn't get over it. How could he forget Leslie? How could he possibly live without her? \"When…when my husband died…People kept telling me not to cry. People kept trying to help me to forget…But I don't want to forget.\" She inhaled, \"I've already told you this.\" She sniffed a little, \"Even now, I can't say I've get over it…But then…I thought it would be easier to try to live on without thinking of him. I tried to keep on by myself. It was hard, but I had to get through it… \"It is the same to you, Jesse. You can't live in the sorrow forever. Those people who had come to the world, lived their lives, and passed away peacefully. They were a part of the world, just like what you are. That is good enough.\" \"I don't understand.\" Jesse muttered, \"Is that…\" \"No. I don't think those who care for you want to see you like this.\" They kept silent for a moment; but to Jesse, it was like hours. \"We'll still remember you,\" Jesse said, \"You're just… not in the same world with us.\" Leslie was silent, literally. She didn't arch an eyebrow or blink. She looked like a living statue in front of Jesse. But Jesse could tell she was thinking deeply. Jesse didn't like the silence, but he also didn't want to break it. If he did, Leslie might misunderstood him and that would be the thing make him feel regret; but if he didn't, Leslie would not know what he meant, either. \"Leslie?\" Finally, Jesse asked, tentatively. \"Yes?\" \"It doesn't mean Terabithia is not a heaven for me…for us… but… Will you stay like that forever? I mean that is the soul of yours…and souls will fly to the heaven…right?\" \"Where did that question come from?\" \"Perhaps…\" Jesse swallowed, \"I may not come here often.\" \"Oh? Why would you do that?\" \"Because… I want to try to live…without you.\" Leslie didn't reply. The atmosphere covered was \"I started to realize…that life has to be continued…with or without you… For my family…and my friends…\" Jesse was trying really hard to keep his voice calm and loud enough to hear, \"I can't dream about reviving you. It's…your soul…and I can't stand that to come here frequently to remind me of what I had lost.\" He panted a little, \"It might be better to learn to live by myself.\" \"Oh… \"Leslie looked up to the sky. Leslie seemed startled by his words. However, if Jesse wasn't seeing things, he could see the hidden amusement and relief. For a minute, Jesse didn't dare to say a word. He swallowed hard, finally found his courage and continued. \"Isn't that…cold and…emotionless?\" \"No.\" Leslie spoke up, surprisingly, \"That is the right way.\" Jesse looked up, bewildered. He was expecting to deal with disappointment, hurt, or even sorrow; but he didn't expect this from Leslie. He knew Mrs. Myers had come through a lot hard time, maybe more than he could imagine; but he didn't dare to think how Leslie could take that so easily. Moreover, she called forgetting the \"right way\". Leslie looked at the sky, seemed to be occupied be her own thoughts. \"These who passed way had already gone. They were like the birds flying in the dreams, the cuts on the skins, and they should live in your memory. You can remember them from time to time without warning, but don't feel miserable. The sadness should be remained only in that moment; the second after you should resume your lives like they were still here. And moreover, those who love you wouldn't want you to feel sad.\" \"Is that the suggestion?\" Jesse was still caught up by her words. \"No. Jesse.\" Leslie replied. \"This is the requirement for you.\" Note I'm really, really sorry for delaying the story for ten months! I was stuck at the last chapter because I didn't know what to write about the ending. Basically this fic is a little sad, but I want to forge some positive attitudes into it like the original story did. It was only a few weeks ago when I read a fic that inspired me. Hope you enjoy this chapter.[Chapter 7] Notes I hope I wasn't too OOC with Jesse and Leslie. If I do, please let me know. For the last chapter, Leslie was actually teaching Jesse how to deal with the demise in the lives. That is my favorite part of the story because many people will wallow in the sorrow and sadness for a long time when their close friends are gone. I wanted to cultivate some optimistic attitudes towards the lives. And for this chapter, Jesse confessed his feelings to Leslie and Leslie appreciated that… Hope you like it. In retrospect, these words from Leslie sounded odd to Jessie. But to be honest, these words sounded more like her last words were supposed to be heart breaking, but he never felt any sadness or melancholies in her tone, saved from a tiny bit of wistfulness. Jesse shook his head. Leslie could be so mysterious and unreadable at time. He just can't fully understand her. \"Jess…\" Leslie continued. There was a tiny hint of melancholies in her voice. She tried to hide it, but he managed to catch that detail. \"Yes…?\" He was afraid that she would say something really, really sad. \"Please…don't come there as often as you did before, OK? You see, I am alive now, but Terabithia is not the place for a soul to stay forever. The gifted power from the Terabithians' can only prolong the time for a soul to stay. Indeed, I want stay here forever, but I can't.\" \"Leslie…\" Jesse suddenly didn't want to hear her words. \"I… Well, I just don't know when I would leave. I do hope you are here when the time comes, but at the same time, I don't want you to see that at the same time.\" Leslie said in a causal tone as if she was not talking about her predictable demise—no, she had gone —and even smiled a little to Jesse. \"It's for your own good I suppose, but I'm not selfless enough not to ask you something from you. Like… Er… What would you say if it is the last time you see me?\" Jesse swallowed audibly. What would he say? I always think I am ready if this kind of situation occurs, but I'm not. When it really happens, I always felt lost of words. \"Leslie, I have so many things to tell you, but now they are filled in my brain and I don't know where to start. However, there is one thing—just one thing–that I always want to say…\" That I really like you… It was one thing to think and another to speak out. Jesse now realized how exactly correct the words are. He never felt so needy to practice and prepare for hundreds of times before this finally come. He didn't have a chance when Leslie was alive in both reality and Terabithia, but now it was his chance. He had to take it carefully. I have thought about it for a very long time... Slowly, Jesse opened his mouth again. \"Leslie…\" He heard his hoarse voice. \"That… I…\" he swallowed hard, his heart pounded at a fast rate. Fearing he would blush madly like a complete idiot, he turned his face away. Leslie tilted his had with such curiosity and arched her eyebrow. \"What is it?\" She teased, \"Are you blushing?\" Jesse froze at this sentence and blushed harder. If here is a mirror in front of him he would see his face had turned into the color of the tomato. Taking several deep, hallow breaths and swallowed hard, repressing the grounded sound he made. He didn't want to see how nervous, how fidget and how blushing he was. It took everything from Jesse to keep himself composed. I like you. His stomach was flipping violently. I like you. I like you. I like you. He repeated silently, more and more rapid in his mind, testing the words out. It felt awkward at first, but slowly it became more comfortable I like you. I like you. I like you. I like you. Then he decided to whisper these words out. \"I like you.\" The words flowed out softly, smoothly out of his lips. The time seemed stopped at that moment. He actually said it. Suddenly Jesse wanted to sob. He wanted to sob and sniff out of these surreal feelings. It must be a dream, the more he thought of it, the more he felt it was like a dream. However, Leslie reacted before Jesse end the railway of thoughts and emotions in his head. She held out a hand to Jesse and interrupt his rumbling surmise, startled him by surprise. What is she doing? Jesse wondered. Leslie gave him a warm smile, as a beam of sunshine just glistered though the leaves and hit her at the right spot, decorating her beautiful and impish glow. Jesse felt his heart skipped a beat when he was preoccupied by her charm. Leslie held out her hand closer to Jess, giving him more invited gesture. As he touched her hand—Jesse was really surprised to learn that souls could be so solid to touch—she gripped it tight and pulled Jesse into an embrace. \"I know\", she whispered in his ears, \"Thank you.\" And Jesse could felt a single tear rolled down his face, but he didn't bother to brush it away. For Jesse, he still couldn't believe Leslie was gone after a sudden accident, but that's why accidents were called unexpected, right? There are so many things in the world that no one can foresee it happening unless when it really happened. Leslie's demise was one of them. And there might be more. Jesse looked back to the woods behind him. He knew he would never wallow in the sorrow and sadness when Leslie was gone. It was complicated. Leslie was gone and her soul was still alive in Terabithia. She wanted him to imagine she was no longer here when she was still there. Well, to be honest, Leslie, you just want me to learn how to deal with the unpredictability in the life, right? You want me to live \"Leslie, hope you are not offend when I ask… but how can I know…or can you know when it was the time when… you left…?\" \"Who knows?\" Leslie replied, in her signature optimistic tone, \"the only the only predicable thing in life is the unpredictability.\" It was really subtle, Jesse thought, that the only predicable thing in life is the unpredictability. Leslie was one of the unpredictability, so was her accident and demise. Were it not for Leslie, Jesse might not experience such a precious time in his school life, or even, a magical switch in his life. Thank you, Leslie. I've learnt a lot from you. Jesse looked up to see the views about. All he saw was the clarity of the sky. He walked through the trees, listening to the wind whistled, enjoying the calm and serene atmosphere around. He could felt the trees and leaves were calling and singing in the wind. It felt like the Terabithians were watching him. They watched as their king left their land, with a flash of relieved smile on his face. I will try to update soon. See you later;P[Chapter 8] Notes I suck at grammar and story writing. But hope you all enjoy my story. I will revise these chapters once I had time. Reviews (even sharp ones) are welcomed. Incredible , Jesse thought. That if he didn't met Leslie? What if Leslie wasn't his neighbor? What if he and Leslie never become friends? What if he didn't believe her words of those fantasies? What if he didn't become attached to her? There were so many \"ifs\" in the world, but no one can go back to the past to witness another possibility. There was only one of them could exist in the reality. Suddenly he realized the whole scenario was a miracle. If any of its link was missing, if Leslie never showed up in his life, if Leslie didn't live next to him, if Leslie wasn't in his class, if Leslie didn't \"followed\" him to get his attention, if… There were just too many \"ifs\" which made Jesse started to wonder why. Why, of all the people… but it didn't seem to matter now. He lied in the castle he built with Leslie, processing all the scenarios about those \"ifs\" in his mind. For some moment he still couldn't believe that it is a miracle for him to meet Leslie and become close friends with her. He couldn't tell if he was lucky, but he was glad this really happened. The castle , he thought, was originally an ordinary tree house from the start. Jesse felt had never so relaxed. He was so graceful to meet Leslie. What more could he ask for? He had a bad time at school before the girl bombed into his life. Were not for Leslie, he would be still thinking about how to get rid of those who annoy and bully him every so often. It was like a wonderful dream, but the difference is that he could remember single details, of how he and Leslie met, how he and Leslie met, how they built up the tree house castle, how they end up went to their place almost every day after school, how they chit-chat about the school and their families. That day Jesse learnt that Leslie was not perfect. She was closely to that. She was selfish. If she wasn't, she wouldn't leave him at the first place. But he was selfish as well. Leslie had told him the possible outcome, she had told him she would leave at any possible moment. Jess was never an optimist, but now he had learnt to be so. At first, he was worried that he would afraid of losing Leslie at any possible minute, but ironically he felt relieved. Do I accept her demise? Do I need to forget the pain of losing her? Right now, it didn't seem to matter. As long as he felt composed, he would be happy to live in this state. After a week, when Jesse went back to that enchanted forest, he could no longer hear a familiar giggle. It was so quiet. Everything there was abnormally quiet. If not Jesse had not been there before he would though no one had stepped into this silence place. He was frustrated and \"Leslie?\" he called, \"I'm here!\" No response. The only sound answered him was the whisper of wind. The forest was silent. The wind that usually greeted to him was completely still, which made Jesse shivered at the thought of the fall of warriors . A sudden aura of solitary and loneliness hit him. He immediately realized what must've happened. He always knew this might happen sometime not very distant. However, he wished he could spend more time like this. The same eerie feeling of fear and distress filled his heart once more. He didn't want this now. It caught him off guard. He thought there was more time to prepare for this moment, but thing seemed to happen so fast before his trauma could be healed. However…She had told him that she couldn't tell me when she would leave. She couldn't tell either… Or she didn't want to? Leslie must have foreseen this. More or less, she knew when she would go away. That was the reason he asked Jesse to say something to her. The way she hugged him was her unspoken goodbye to him. He considered it should the best to her. It should be done in this way, just like how Leslie had told him. But I left her alone. Again. He knew this would happen. He should have stayed by her side when she went to another world. But Leslie may not want me to see this. Jesse leaned back to a tree and closed his eyes, lost in his own thoughts. Unlike the first time, he was a lot calmer. He thumped his head to the tree. That was too much. He thought he had Leslie back but then she left so soon… too soon to adjust for him. It was also the same to Leslie's demise. When he came back from the museum, he had no idea what was happening. He didn't get any warning from anyone or anything when he was told of Leslie's accident. There was no sign to tell what would happen. Slowly, Jesse pulled his head off the tree trunk and looked up to the sky. Everything else is still fine. He thought, life has to be continued with or without her. Leslie wouldn't be happy if she learnt I felt sorrow for her. Suddenly, he heard somebody was calling him. Very close to him. \"Jesse!\" He pushed back off the tree, turned over but didn't see anyone. That must be his imagination. \"Jesse!\" Another call was heard. This time seemed to be further than the previous one. \"Jesse!\" This time it was much farther. It wasn't his imagination. Jesse quickly ran to the place where he thought the voice came from. He saw May Belle was clutching to a branch of the trunk. Her body was hanging in the air. \"Help me!\" Jesse quickly ran over and pulled May Belle up. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked, \"you are not supposed to be here.\" \"But I want to!\" May Belle exclaimed \"It doesn't matter if you want to or not.\" Jesse was not in the mood to see May Belle. May Belle hum something Jesse couldn't recognize, but Jess didn't care at that moment. \"Go back, May Belle.\" Jesse muttered, \"This is our place.\" He didn't have the will to push May Belle off. May Belle didn't stop. It took Jesse a while before realizing she was not speaking to herself, but speaking to him. \"I'm sorry, Jesse.\" Shocked, Jesse turned around to see May Belle's empathy face. Her face was filled with empathy and sorrow, which made Jesse's heart flinch. Why did she feel sorry for him? That's \"I just want to go to your place! I want to understand! Jesse you promised me to take me to your place someday and how can you break the promise!\" She cried, \"but I feel sorry for Leslie, too. I should've asked you first…\" Jesse stilled for a moment. Did he really promise to take May Belle to Terabithia? Yes, he did say that once, but at that time he was busy coaxing May Belle to go home and stopping her from following him and Leslie. He didn't take May Belle's feelings seriously. He had made a mistake. He had made May Belle upset, but actually she was sorry about him. Why? He should be the one who felt sorry. It was when Jesse made a decision. Finally, a new chapter is updated. I hate to drag this process for so long. Sorry. The story is almost done. I can't believe that I had spent so many time working on it. Wait, almost done…? Which means the next chapter will be the ending! ;P See you next time P.S. the final chapter will be published after my final test is done. Wish me good luck~~[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I don't own the story or the characters of Bridge to Terabithia \"I will take you to our place.\" Jesse stated, \"but…\" he swallowed, \"can you give me more time to prepare for this?\" May Belle stared at him for a minute, and huffed a breath. \"Why? If I had known where you will take me to, what's the point of preparing? We are right at ' your place '!\" \"I want to give you a surprise.\" Jesse quickly replied, sounded more convincing—just a little—than his previous excuse. Before May Belle could say another word about it, he walked past her and took her hand, \"Let's go home.\" May Belle was clearly not happy with it, but she didn't say anything. She followed Jesse, wishing someday he could take her to his place. In the evening, there were many things filling in Jesse's head. He was thinking about the plan. What could he do to surprise May Belle? He lied on his bed, thinking. For a while he was frustrated by himself that he couldn't even come up with an idea to impress her sister. \"Hey, Jess.\" May Belle suddenly popped out and almost startled Jesse, \"You don't have to surprise me. Going to your place was enough already.\" But you are my sister. Jesse wanted to say, but that was not in his character. The Jesse she knew was always thinking and imagining. He always lived in his own world and tried the best to everything to prove himself. Therefore, Jesse kept silent. He didn't how to choose his words. In fact, even did he knew, he wouldn't know what to say because he had no idea of the \"surprise\". But there comes the second reason for me to prepare for the surprise. Jesse sighed inaudibly, First was for Leslie, then was for May Belle. There were no reasons to fail Leslie and to disappoint May Belle. But what could he do? Jesse closed his eyes and started to retrospect, trying very hard to trigger some inspirations from the memories. He had gone over hundreds of plans in his mental simulation system, but none of them seem to be impressive. What if he couldn't come up with a perfect idea? What if he didn't manage to do so? He held his head. If Leslie is here, she could come up with many ideas. Suddenly, an idea flashed inside his mind. A smile. Several sentences. A slogan. A race back to the rope. It was Leslie who had taken him from the cow pasture into Terabithia and turned him into a king. It was Leslie who had taught him to see really heart and opened his mind wide open. It was Leslie who had brought something special to his life and let Jesse kept her alive in his heart. But now she was gone, and May Belle wanted to visit the place for him and Leslie. It's about time for him to realize it. He should carry on Leslie's job like a king . After all, he was the only boy in his family and he had to take the responsibility as a big brother. A big brother should always do something for his little sister. He sighed and then smiled. I must be the most stupid brother in the world. A few days later, Jesse held out his hand to May Belle and smiled at her. May Belle, who was toying with the Barbies Leslie sent to her, was confused by him action. \"What do you think being a queen?\" \"Queen? Who's going to be a queen?\" May Belle asked out of curiosity. \"But you have to keep a secret. Don't tell anyone. Not even Joyce Ann\" \"Joyce Ann?\" May Belle exclaimed, \"She's just a baby!\" Jesse smiled and held out a hand. \"Then I take that as a yes?\" A smile appeared on May Belle's face as she realized \"Where are we going?\" She couldn't help but asked. \"It's a surprise.\" Jesse simply said \"I like surprises.\" May Belle giggled. \"That's also a present.\" May Belle giggled. \"Present? What present?\" The corner of his lips twitched upwards as he held out his hand to her. May Belle gladly took his hand and followed him. \"Before we go, you need to promise me something.\" Jesse turned into genuine but serious manner. \"What is it?\" May Belle was curious. \"Now close your eyes.\" Jesse said, \"No peaking until I told you to open them.\" May Belle mentally hesitated for a while, but only a few seconds. She felt something special was going to happen today. However, a part of her still doubt about her brother. Today, he treated his sister as a friend for the first time in a long time. It was strange, but it seemed to be in a good way. Surprisingly, May Belle wasn't surprise at his sudden change of act. She seemed so calm and so tranquil like she was ready for something significant. Jesse couldn't imagine his little sister would be so \"serious\" at some time. \"You seem uninterested.\" Jesse spoke up. \"Aren't you excited to see the place? You're quiet today.\" May Belle took a breath, eyes still closing. \"I was just too excited to say anything. At the same time, I still doubt you could make up any 'present'.\" \"You'll see.\" That's all Jesse said. As they walked, May Belle heard Jesse muttered. \"Leslie would love it.\" Jesse didn't seem to be aware of her presence for this brief moment and spoke mostly to himself, before finally turning to May Belle, \"You will love it.\" \"What are you talking about? Where are we going?\" May Belle grew more curious, still trying hard to keep her eyes closed, \"Can I open my eyes now?\" \"No, not yet.\" Jesse replied with a little smile on his face. He was sure that May Belle would be surprised, or even more excited. He believed that May Belle would even be thrilled. \"Now step down.\" \"Can you tell me where we are going, please?\" \"No. It's a surprise.\" Jess could see the pleasance and curiosity on his sister's face, \"Now step up.\" May Belle probed with her feet and sensed the uphill before her. She stepped up a little and continued to follow his brother's lead. A few minutes ago Jesse asked May Belle to come with him to somewhere that hid a secret for him. May Belle was curious was kind of secret needed to be hidden in what kind of recluse place. After a few minutes of silence, May Belle felt something was put on her head. It was not heavy, but she felt an incredible amount excitement. Jesse finally spoke up. \"Okay. Now you can open your eyes.\" May Belle opened her eyes and looked up at Jesse. She was \"Look,\" Jesse whispered in May Belle's ear, \"there's a rumor going around that the beautiful girl arriving today might be the queen they've been waiting for.\" \"Where?\" \"Can't you see them?\" he whispered. \"All the Terabithians are standing on tiptoe to see you. But you need to look very hard and keep your mind wide open.\" May Belle closed her eyes and opened them later. She was confused at first, but was amazed by the sight in front of her. She shouted out with excitement moments later: \"Wow~~\" In front of her, the Terabithians were clapping and waving at her. Jesse could see the Terabithians, could see their features clearly with his own eyes. Before that, it was Leslie who guided him to this world. The next several minutes went on like he predicted. May Belle smiled, giggled and laughed. No word needed to be spoken. There was enough to prove Jesse's great idea. Jesse smiled. For the first time after Leslie's accident, he finally could lay all the burdens down. The garland on May Belle's head started to glow and grow, like a circle of flower seeds that had just burst out and grow like bamboo shoots after raining. I'm back, Leslie. Jesse smiled, as the king of Terabithia. With the new queen. Notes Finally, the story is ended! Wo~~Hoo~~~! It toke me so long to write and think about the internal conflict since I was not good at writing. Yes, I did quote the novel and the movie. I had struggled on grammar and vocabulary as well because I wanted to present the best of my work. The last chapter is based on the ending of the movie, which would be kind of rushed, but I hope you enjoy it. Hope the ending wasn't so dramatic. About the last sentence… Jesse said \"princess\" in the movie, but it was \"queen\" in the novel. Even though this story is categorized in the \"movie\" category, I still think it would be better to use \"queen.\" Otherwise the last sentence seemed to be awkward to me… And about the previous chapters, I will edit them when I have time. I know my grammar sucks, but I'd try my best to improve it. Comments and reviews are welcomed. Thank you for your patience. ;P See you next time. P.S. I will select and organize my drabbles during my writing process and present them to you soon. Thank you for your comments and support. It has been a long time since I wrote anything. I attend to college this autumn and I wish my spare time would be enough for me to come up with new ideas and write them down. Please R&R.; I appreciate every review.[Chapter 10] Here is the Bonus: drabbles that popped out of head when I was writing \"Return to Terabithia\". You can read them as separated ones. 1. \"I'm sorry that you felt bad about what happened,\" On the way back home, May Belle asked, \"I don't know what would happened if that was me, either.\" \"No. Feeling bad about it will not change anything but made her feel sad about it.\" 2. Jesse pushed May Belle hard. When she fell on the ground, he suddenly felt a surge of guilt shuddered into his spine. 3. However, the problem still remained. Even though Jesse was alleviated from the pain and sorrow, as the king of Terabithia, it was his job to organize this wonderland. Before that it was Leslie and him together ruling Terabithia, and now it needed a new one. So, Jesse figured that May Belle could be the new princess and brought her to the magic land. 4. He was the one who started all of these miseries. If he just say \"yes\" when Ms Edmund asked him, everything would be fine. 5. He could feel Leslie was guiding him. He could feel her holding his hand and walking in front of her to the place belong to them. Jesse looked back at his sister. It was time to guide her to their place. ","Summary":" It is the first fan fiction I wrote. Well, for me, that sounds challengeable. So, enjoy it. Title: "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Losing Your Memory","Author":"disneymemories1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9933409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Losing Your Memory Jess walks in May Belle – See I told you Mom – Oh My God Jess Dad- Where in gods have you been? Mom- Where have you been? Jess- Mom I ask you it wasn't like a - Brenda – We thought you were dead Dad – Brenda hush Jess- Dead? What's going on? Dad – Your friend Leslie is dead she drowned in a creek this morning apparently she tried to swing on a rope and it broke they think she hit her head Jess- No it's not that kind of it couldn't break. I wouldn't have. Dad – But It did…I'm sorry son Jess- No you're lying she not even dead you're lying! 4 years later…. *Jess thinking about the day Leslie died* Jess goes on the computer Anonymous: Jess Jess: Who are you? Anonymous: Meet where your old best friend use to live Jess: Okay Later that night… Jess knocks on the door and the walks in the house Jess sees Leslie Jess: Leslie! Leslie: Hi! Jess: I can't believe it's you Leslie: Hi but one question who are you Jess is shocked that Leslie does not know who he is Jess: It's me Jess Leslie: Still not ringing a bell Jess take's Leslie hand Leslie: Where are you taking me? Jess: Just follow me Leslie: Why are we in the woods? Jess: This is not the woods this is Terabithia Leslie: Tera-what Jess: Leslie we made this when we were little Leslie: I'm sorry I just don't remember Jess: How could forget but you're the queen Leslie: Queen of what Jess: Of Terabithia Leslie: If I'm the queen who's the king Jess: I am Leslie: You are Jess: Yes Jess kissing Leslie Leslie: Jess? Jess: Yes Leslie: What are you doing here we have not been in here for years Jess: You remember![Chapter 2] Jess- So I'll see you later Leslie- Okay sure Jess walks into the house Jess- She's back! She's back! May Belle – Who's back? Jess- Leslie May Belle – I thought Leslie died Jess – Nope I just hang out with her May Belle – Oh My Gosh! Dad- What's going on? May Belle – Leslie back Dad – What May Belle – Jess saw her Dad – Jess is this true Jess- Yes I just hung of with her Dad – okay The Next Day…. Leslie – Hey Jess Jess- Hey Leslie, Leslie can I ask you something Leslie – Yeah sure Jess – How did you come back I thought you were dead Leslie – Well this is what happen I went to Terabithia alone I swung on the rope and then the rope broke then I almost drowned and I hit my head on a rock and someone came and saved my life and then I was in the hospital for four years Jess- wow Leslie –I know it was pretty crazy Jess – Well see you later Leslie – see you later[Chapter 3] Jess walks into school today Katniss: Hey Jess Jess: Hey Katniss Katniss: So how did it go with Leslie? Jess: Ummm…..good Katniss: Is she your girlfriend now Jess: Yes Katniss: Okay cool They both walks into class Teacher: Okay everyone take out your homework Principal: Umm sorry to interrupt we have new student Leslie Burke Teacher: Ms Burke you could choose any seat you want Jess: Hey Leslie Leslie: Hey Jess She sat write behind Jess After school Jess: Leslie, you wanna come over my house for dinner Leslie: Okay sure Jess and Leslie walks into Jess house. May Belle: Leslie! May Belle run to hug Leslie. Leslie: Hey May Belle At the dinner today Mom: So Leslie how are you great Leslie: I'm doing okay Dad: That's great Leslie: Well it's getting late I'll see you tomorrow Jess walks Leslie to the door Jess: See you later Leslie: See you Jess and Leslie kiss[Chapter 4] The next day at school Teacher: I want everyone to paired up for this project Jess: Leslie you wanna work with me Leslie: Okay sure Jess: Will work after school Katniss: Hey Jess Jess: Hey Katniss, Katniss this is Leslie and Leslie this is Katniss Leslie: Hey nice to meet you Katniss: Hey nice to me you too Jess and Leslie walks home Leslie: You wanna work at house Jess: Okay sure Jess and Leslie walks into Leslie house Annie: Hello you must be Jess Jess: Hello nice to meet you Leslie: Jess this is my little sister Annie Jess: Hello nice to meet you Leslie Dad: Hello Jess it's nice to see you again Jess: Hello it's nice to see you again Mr. Burke Leslie: Dad will be working on the project upstairs Leslie Mom and Dad: Okay Jess and Leslie walks upstairs Leslie: So what do you wanna work on? Jess: How about we work on the solar system Leslie: Okay will work on it Jess: Where are we gonna get the things we need Jess and Leslie walks into the store Jess and Leslie walks into the store and pick up things they need for the project The person who works there: That will be 10 dollars and 59 cents Jess pays the man Leslie: Aww man when have to work on the project tomorrow Jess: Okay see you later That moment Jess sees walk away in the rain it reminds him of that moment he fell in love with Leslie[Chapter 5] Jess walks into the house and runs into his room He takes out his art notebook And look at all these photos he painted of Leslie Jess: Oh My Gosh, I Love Leslie May Belle: Did you just say you love Leslie Jess: Mind you businesses May Belle: Jess and Leslie sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G first come love then comes baby- Jess: I'm gonna kill you May Belle walks out the room The next day… Katniss: Hey Jess Jess: Hey could I tell you something Katniss: Okay sure Jess: I love Leslie Katniss: Wait what? You do? Jess: Yes Katniss: You have to tell her Jess: No I can't In class… Teacher: The project has to be done by Friday Leslie: We have to finish the project today at my house Jess: Okay cool At Leslie house Jess and Leslie are done with the project Jess: Okay where finish Leslie: So I'll see you tomorrow Jess: Okay see you[Chapter 6] Its Friday the day of the project Teacher: Jess Aarons and Leslie Burke you guys are up next Leslie: This is our science project on solar system Jess thinking: Look at Leslie I just love how she speaks Jess still thinking about Leslie Jess and Leslie walk home Jess walks into his room Jess is getting a call from Katniss Jess: Hello Katniss: Hey it's me Katniss Jess: Hey Katniss: So did you tell Leslie that you love her Jess: No not yet I just did not get the chance to Katniss: You better tell her or I will tell her my self Jess: Okay, Okay I'll tell her stop pressuring me Katniss: Okay my mom what's me to clean my room I'll talk to you later Jess: Okay bye Katniss: Bye Jess thanking of ways how he will tell Leslie that he loves her Jess: Okay I'll tell her tomorrow[Chapter 7] The next day Jess walking to Leslie house Jess thinking: Okay how am I gonna tell her Leslie: Oh hey Jess Jess: Hey so where are you going Leslie: I'm gonna be out of town for the weekend Jess: Okay see you this week Leslie: Okay see you Jess sighs Jess: That was close Katniss calls Jess Jess: Hello Katniss: So did you tell her Jess: I couldn't she gonna be out of town for the weekend Katniss: Okay talk to you later Jess: Okay bye Jess hangs up May Belle: Jess do you have a piece of paper I could write on Jess: Ummm…. Yeah I think so…Oh yeah I have one May Belle: Oh thank you Jess: You welcome Jess starts practicing how he's gonna tell Leslie Jess: How about I just go to bed to get my mind of all of this. Jess goes to sleep[Chapter 8] The next day… Jess walks downstairs Mom: Good morning Jess Jess: Good Morning Jess starts to eat his breakfast Jess finishes eating Dad: Jess you have to do your chores Jess: Okay Jess starts doing his chores Jess: All finish Dad: All finish Jess: Yup Dad: Okay you can go back inside Jess walks back in his house He walks up to his room Jess: I should call and see how she's doing Jess calls Leslie Leslie answers her phone Leslie: Hello Jess: Hey Leslie Leslie: Hey Jess Jess: So are you doing Leslie: I'm doing find so how are you Jess: Oh nothing just finished doing my chores Leslie: Oh Jess: So I just called how are you doing Leslie: Oh see you later Jess: Ok love-see you later Leslie: Were you about to say I love you Jess: Umm…..no Leslie: Well okay bye Jess: Bye Jess: That was close[Chapter 9] The next day…. Jess: Leslie! Leslie: Jess! Jess: Leslie you know where we should go Leslie: Where Jess: Terabithia Leslie: Cool we have not been there in a while Jess and Leslie walks into Terabithia Jess: So how was your trip? Leslie: It was okay but I did miss you Jess: I miss you too Leslie: So how was your weekend? Jess: It was okay all I did was chores Leslie: Oh Jess thinking: Just tell her why you so nervous it's not even that big Jess sighs Jess: Leslie there's something I have to tell you Leslie: Okay tell me Jess: Leslie Burke…. I love you Leslie: You do I love you too Jess kisses Leslie[Chapter 10]  ","Summary":" Losing Your Memory Jess walks in May Belle – See I told you Mom – Oh My God Jess Dad- Where in gods"},{"Movie":"Blade Runner","Title":"Miracles","Author":"anon1126","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12777894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This story begins two years before Blade Runner 2049 and will have a few scenes spanning that time until the film plot begins. Ella landed her spinner in the waste land in the ruins of Las Vegas for a routine scan of the area. She put her vehicle in park before she got out and began walking through the area to see if there were any signs of life. She wandered around until she came upon a large building that seemed better preserved then anything else in the rest of the location. She walked up the sandy stairs until she reached the door. She stopped and pulled out her blaster and carefully pushed the door open. As she walked in, she kept her eyes open, ready to see anything. She moved forward through the front terrace but stopped as her eyes cut down and she saw a trip line. Ella smiled as she knew there must be life somewhere in this otherwise barren land before she lifted her feet, one at a time, to step over the wire. She continued to move onward until she came to a staircase. Ella took a quick breath as she moved ahead and climbed each stair slowly, keeping her blaster raised in case whoever was here was trigger happy. She assumed they didn't find visitors welcome since the building was rigged. She reached the top of the staircase, Ella was greeted by the sight of a piano in another sitting room. She stepped off the final stair and walked into the room with no cover on any side. Suddenly, she heard the sound of an animal growling. Ella stopped in her tracks and looked to her right, where the sound originated, and saw a dog. Ella hadn't seen a dog other then depicted in a book and she didn't know how to react but then she was surprised once more as she heard a voice from her other side. The mysterious male voice said, \"You mightn't happen to have a piece of cheese on you, now?\" Ella turned and saw the owner of the voice to her left holding a blaster similar to hers eye level with her. The man was older with gray hair and deep brown eyes but he was muscular and clearly still in very good shape. \"Why are you quoting Treasure Island to me?\" she asked as she looked back at the dog for a moment, \"I am Ella and I'm here doing a routine check on the area. Who are you?\" she followed up her first question as she looked back and forth between her two threats, attempting to be ready if either or both made a move. The man moved forward around the room, keeping his weapon pointed at her, \"My name is Rick Deckard and I used to do what you do now,\" he began, \"What are you going to relay back on your message from your routine check?\" he asked, curiously. He was unsure of how trustworthy she might be. He knew the newer officers were more loyal to the cause. Ella raised her brow at his question and stepped forward just slightly towards him, \"We thought you were dead but you've been hiding out here?\" Deckard nodded, \"I don't plan to be found anytime soon either. Are you going to make this easy or difficult?\" he asked, his tone intimidating. She watched him closely as she thought over her next reply in this situation. She hadn't expected to find someone but she had been toying with leaving the force herself. \"I have a proposition for you,\" she began as she eyed his weapon, \"Can you lower that so we can talk? It would make conversation much more pleasant,\" she added as he looked at her curiously before doing what she said. \"I'm listening,\" he replied gruffly. Ella smiled mischievously, \"I'll report that I found nothing if you will allow me to fake my death and join you here. I don't want to kill anymore,\" she revealed, saying it aloud for the first time. Deckard looked at her, his eyes full of questions, \"Are you sure you can fake your death to ensure no one thinks you're alive? I can not risk being found here because I will never go back.\" \"I can do it,\" she replied, \"I would stay right now but my last location would be here so this would be the first place they look. Do you agree to my terms?\" she asked, her tone hopeful even though she didn't want it to sound that way. She wanted to keep the power of the conversation but she may have lost it. Deckard moved around the chair he'd been standing behind and took a seat, leaning back as he pondered her offer. Finally he spoke, \"I agree to your terms but if anyone comes after us, I will let them find you.\" Ella nodded as she turned to go back down the stairs, \"I'll be back.\" Deckard watched her leave and knew he accepted out of loneliness but would never let the young girl know it.[Chapter 2] Ella drove back to the main city and went straight to her supervisor's office, \"Lieutenant Joshi?\" she said at her door. Joshi turned and gestured for Ella to enter, \"How did your recon mission go?\" Ella shook her head, \"There was no sign of life as usual. Do you have another mission ready for me?\" Joshi nodded, \"Yes, I have a kill for you,\" she answered as she handed Ella a file, \"This one is very important so don't mess it up, do you understand?\" \"Of course ma'am. I will get right to it,\" she replied as she left the office and went straight to the last known address of her victim. Ella found the person easily and she was able to take them out without them noticing her coming. As she began to prepare the eye for report, she got an idea. She pulled a knife out of her retrieval kit and pulled her tracker out of her shoulder, wincing as she tore apart her own flesh. There was another body at the sight and she placed her tracker into it before scanning her target's eye and then setting the place on fire. The force would believe she died with no traces other then her last known location and she was free to head back to Las Vegas and freedom with Deckard. She took a car as close to the waste land as she safely could and then walked the rest of the way. She arrived back at the building just as night set. She walked in and instead of sneaking in like she had before, she stepped over the tripwire and shouted, \"Deckard? I'm back!\" Ella stood in silence for a few moments before she heard his voice from above, \"Come on up and tell me how you died.\" Ella made her way back the sitting room where she'd met Deckard earlier that day and found him behind the bar pouring two glasses of whiskey, \"Would you like a drink?\" he asked. She nodded as she took the glass from his hand and began to tell him the story of how she had passed just hours before, \"What do you think of my execution?\" she asked, strangely comfortable around him. Deckard shrugged, \"It seems convincing enough. Are you a replicant?\" he asked out of nowhere. Ella looked at him, \"I believe so but I have childhood memories which could have been implanted and most likely were. I've always assumed I am. Does that matter? Would you prefer human company?\" Deckard shook his head, \"I don't care either way, I was merely curious,\" he added as he stood, \"Let me show you where you'll sleep,\" he said as he noticed his dog had laid down at Ella's feet. He gestured for her to look, \"You've made a friend. He may start sleeping by your side.\" Ella smiled at the animal as she leaned forward and placed her hand on his head, petting him, before she stood to follow Deckard. He led her down the hall until he stopped at a door, \"You can stay in here,\" he reached forward with his arm to show her. Ella walked into her new room and couldn't suppress a smile as she saw how nice it was. \"This is perfect,\" she said, \"Thank you for agreeing to this.\" \"It's nothing,\" he replied, \"You'll be the one they take if you failed. I'm two doors down the hall if you need anything,\" he finished before he disappeared. Ella walked forward to the bed where she sat down and pulled off her coat and her boots before climbing in under the covers. She felt a sort of peace for the first time in her life, however long it had lasted.[Chapter 3] A month and a half later, Ella had broken through some of Deckard's walls as they sat together for their nightly drink, \"When's the last time you were around anyone before I came into your life?\" she asked, hoping it wouldn't spark his temper. \"Twenty-eight years,\" he replied without hesitating, \"Why do you ask?\" he sipped his drink. \"I guess I was just wondering if you've gotten lonely over all that time,\" she started, \"That's so many years without people or the comfort of someone's touch. Do you want that in your life?\" she asked as her drink began to make her feel more bold. Deckard looked at her, a half smile crossing his lips, \"Why do you ask?\" Ella looked away, \"It's nothing really. I just had a lot of 'relationships' before I came here and I didn't realize how much I'd miss it.\" \"Of course I crave that but it's never been an option and it shouldn't be now,\" he said in a serious voice, \"What you're talking about will complicate our lives here, understand?\" She nodded, \"Of course, like I said, I was only asking. I'm going to head to bed if you don't need me around,\" she said as she got up abruptly and threw back the rest of her drink before she disappeared to her room. She got under her covers and shook her head at her behavior. She'd barely been in hiding and she was already breaking while also risking a smooth relationship with the one person she was stuck with. Luckily, the whiskey put her to sleep quickly. Ella woke the next morning and got ready slowly before she entered the main living space to see Deckard training in the open space below. She stood and watched over the railing for a few minutes, admiring his dedication to stay fit and ready. Finally, she began to descend the stairs making her presence known, \"Good morning,\" she said, \"I'm sorry about last night.\" Deckard stopped stretching and turned to face her, \"You have nothing to apologize for. Your concerns are legitimate just not possible. Did you sleep alright?\" he asked, changing the subject. She nodded, \"The whiskey put me right to sleep,\" she commented as she looked him over, his t-shirt soaked in sweat, \"Do you think we could train together? I don't want to get rusty in case anyone ever shows up.\" He looked at her, his eyes showing he was lost in thought. She wasn't sure if he was weighing the possibilities training could lead to anything else but finally, he agreed, \"That is not a bad idea. I train in the mornings so you'll have to start waking up earlier. Can you do that?\" he asked, his tone mocking. Ella rolled her eyes, \"I suppose I can give up a few hours of my beauty sleep. Just wake me up on your way downstairs.\"[Chapter 4] Ella woke, weeks later, to the familiar knock on her door letting her know Deckard was ready to work out. She got up as usual and pulled her hair up before joining him. \"Do you want to move on to attack positions this morning?\" she asked once she was by his side, \"I think that might be important if we get attacked, call me crazy.\" Deckard didn't reply to her suggestion but instead moved forward to catch her with a punch from below. Ella dodged his attack easily and backed up to look at him, \"I'm not a rookie, you're going to have to do better then that.\" Deckard grinned as he moved again, moving as if he was going to grab her but as she prepared he turned and got behind her, grabbing her in a firm hold, \"This is a rookie move,\" he whispered. Ella grinned as she pulled all of her body weight to the floor, sliding out of his hold while also catching him off balance and knocking him to the floor. She stood over him and crouched down to protect from his legs. \"Was that a rookie move?\" she asked with a wide smile crossing her lips. Deckard didn't reply once more as he rolled over swiftly and pulled himself out from under her and back to his feet sending her on her back on the floor, \"More time in the field allows you to add your own twist to the learned academy moves,\" he stated as he reached his hand out to help her up. Ella wasn't ready to be defeated as she kept his eyes locked on hers and straightened her legs to give him a swift kick to his ankles bringing him to the floor with her, \"I didn't graduate yesterday,\" she corrected him. He looked over at her with a smile on his face, \"You're not half bad. We're going to end up really hurting each other at this rate. Wanna take a break?\" \"Absolutely not,\" she replied as she looked back at him, their eyes meeting as she moved to lay next to him, \"Are you sure you don't want to be more then hiding from the law friends?\" she asked, trailing her finger across the floor to his chest and up to his cheek where she allowed the rest of her hand to join. He didn't respond as he continued to look at her, his reserves breaking down over the last two months. \"This building is huge if we had a fight,\" she continued, \"I think we could be great together, if you'd give us a chance,\" \"I haven't been with anyone in thirty years,\" he replied, \"And I loved her. I don't want to fall in love again and it's already hard not to but I can't risk myself again,\" he revealed, allowing himself to be vulnerable as he stared into her eyes, looking for her reaction. He saw understanding in her eyes as she answered, \"It's ok. I don't want you to feel pressured into anything,\" she stood up and offered her hand, shaking off the emotions she felt, \"Let's get back to work or maybe we should resume tomorrow?\" He grasped her hand and stood along with her, placing his hands on her upper arms, \"I am not trying to hurt you and if I could bear to have my heart broken again, I would gladly make love to you right now. Don't think this has anything to do with you.\" \"I get it,\" she said softly, \"Let's train more tomorrow. I'll go on a supply run, sound good?\" she asked as she backed away from his touch, her own heart as vulnerable as his. Deckard nodded and turned away leaving her alone. She took a moment and sat down on the floor before getting lost in thought. Ella had felt attraction to Deckard the first time she saw him, even with him holding a blaster on her, but as she'd gotten to know him, it had only gotten worse. He was right when he said they shouldn't mix their relationship up because they hadn't done a thing and she already felt like her time here with him would last an eternity. With each day, her heart was his more and more and she knew soon, she wouldn't have anything left. Ella took a deep breath and stood from the ground once more before she went to gather supplies for her trek out. If she ever found another place where she could live out her days, she would just to stop the hurting that she was battling each day. She sighed once more and looked up the stairs knowing that he was about to take a seat at the piano for his morning whiskey as she walked out to gather what they would need for the next month.[Chapter 5] A/N: This chapter will lean toward more of an 'M' rated tone. Deckard and Ella were in a good rhythm as their first year as a team in isolation ended. Ella wanted to celebrate the occasion so she gathered what she could to make cupcakes, or what history knew as cupcakes. She got up earlier then him so she could surprise him. Deckard entered the sitting room at his usual time, surprised to see Ella as he'd done his usual knock on her door to wake her for training. \"You're up extremely early,\" he commented as he looked at her. \"It's been a year since I first walked into your world and I wanted to celebrate,\" she replied as she held out what she'd created, \"It's as close to cupcakes as I could get.\" Deckard couldn't suppress a smile as he took the mess of a dessert she'd created, \"I didn't take you as the sentimental type but I guess,\" he let his smile show in full, \"Happy Anniversary.\" \"Back at you,\" she replied, \"Now, I wouldn't eat that before we train just in case I added too much sugar. No one is throwing up in my presence,\" she added as she took back his treat causing him to frown, \"No pouting. I'm saving you.\" He laughed softly as he shook his head and headed down the stairs to begin their usual workout routine. Ella walked to the railing as he proceeded down the stairs and grasped the rope she'd tied into the ceiling, sliding down to the lower level. \"I still don't know why you think that's necessary,\" Deckard added once he reached her, trying not to roll his eyes while he was already shaking his head. Ella looked up at her creation with a beaming smile, \"First, it allows us to get down here quickly if we needed to and second, it's cool. I just like to slide down here and beat you,\" she finally admitted as she got in her stance, prepared for him to make the first move of attack. \"I wish a less attractive and pleasant version of you had shown up at my door,\" he commented as he stepped toward her, \"You've made this more difficult then you can know.\" \"Made what more difficult?\" she asked as she relaxed her defensive stance and looked at him seriously. Deckard reached out and placed his hand under her chin to make sure she wouldn't look away, \"Resisting you. I've wanted to return your feelings and advances since day one but I have been so afraid but now, it seems more important to live then hide.\" Ella swallowed as she locked her eyes onto his, \"Don't say things like that unless you're really ready to give in and let go of your fears because I have spent this year finding distractions to keep me from hurting because I can't be with you the way I want to,\" she confessed as she almost broke eye contact but just blinked instead. \"I know,\" he whispered, \"And I wouldn't do that to you,\" he revealed as he leaned down and closed the gap between them, placing his lips to hers. Ella's body melted at the feeling of his mouth on hers as she gave in, running her hands up his chest and around his neck into his hair. She deepened the kiss, pushing her tongue through his lips meeting his on the other side. Deckard ran one of his hands down her arm to her waist and under her t-shirt, pushing it up before pulling back to look into her eyes, making sure what he was doing was ok. Ella nodded as she lifted her arms allowing him to pull her top off before he reached behind her and unlatched her bra. He lifted her onto one of the old casino tables before shimmying her pants and panties down to the join the rest of her clothes as she worked on his, pushing his pants down his legs with her feet down to the floor. Ella wrapped her legs around his waist to pull him close as she began their kiss once more, running her hands under his shirt and over his chest. She was amazed at how firm he was as she lifted his shirt up and moved her kisses down to his chest as he growled in her ear at the same time as he slid into her. Ella gasped causing Deckard to look down at her, his concerned eyes locked on hers, \"Are you alright?\" She nodded, \"I'm better then alright,\" she gasped bucking her hips against him to pull him in deeper.[Chapter 6] \"Are you happy that you gave in?\" Ella asked as she looked over at Deckard in his bed, a month after their initial moment together. He pulled her into his arms with a smile across his face, \"I was still scared that day but after we finally connected, I realized how foolish I've been to put it off all this time. How about you? Is this everything you hoped it would be while you pined for me for a year?\" \"Wow, cocky much?\" she replied, \"But, if I'm being honest, I did pine and this is even better then I imagined it would be. I hate that we wasted time that we could have had but I know now I won't dare waste a second,\" she revealed. Deckard smiled at her as he leaned down and placed a kiss on her forehead, \"I pined too. Are you ready to train?\" he asked as he began to move to get out of the bed. \"Yes even though I would much rather lay here with you for the entire day,\" she replied, \"I know a few ways we could use the time,\" she smiled as she rolled on top of him, looking down into his eyes before leaning down and kissing him. \"I suppose we could use a warm up,\" he agreed, wrapping his arms around her to pull her closer. Later that morning, Deckard began his journey down the stairs to train while Ella slid down her rope to join him. She immediately took her usual defensive stance before she stopped and looked at him, \"We need to change up our training routine somehow.\" \"What do you mean?\" he asked, stopping in his tracks as he was readying to attack her. \"We've grown to comfortable with the same motions and that will make us ill prepared for a surprise attack or any attack,\" she replied, \"We need to find a way to change up our tactics to stay fresh. I think we've grown too comfortable, especially now.\" Deckard nodded, \"That's not a bad idea. Follow me,\" he said as he walked past her to an area Ella had somehow not explored in her last year living in the building. He led her into an old club area with a stage and booths where she imagined people once watched performances while they drank together, \"How have I never walked into this room?\" she asked, stunned. Deckard shook his head, \"You've tended to stay in the areas you know. Stay here and we'll kick our training up a notch,\" he said as he turned to leave. \"That doesn't make me nervous at all,\" she said to herself as she waited in the dark room, alone. After a few minutes, lights began flashing from all around the room in colors and holograms came to life on the stage before her eyes. Ella became distracted instantly and let her guard down as she took in everything around her. While she was lost in her own thoughts, Deckard attacked from behind and got the jump on her sending her into one of the booths she'd been looking at when they first walked in. Ella rolled over to get upright again and tried to get her bearings but she hadn't been in these kind of lights in over a year and she couldn't keep track of what was around her. The next thing she felt was Deckard grabbing her from behind, pulling her out of the booth and back onto the floor where she tried to regain control but he dropped her before she could. Ella swung her feet out to take him off balance as she usually did but he was already gone and she was alone again. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a second to get herself together and focus on sounds other then the music. When she opened her eyes again, she heard a step coming from her left and she threw up her fist and felt it connect with Deckard's forearm, stopping his attack. Ella finally had a chance to gain the upper hand. She swung her leg up in a high kick and felt his shoulder make contact with her ankle before the lights flashed their way and she watched him get thrown into the same booth she'd just been in. Ella moved from that spot and slid behind a pillar across the room, closing her eyes to listen for any sign of his approaching. She was listening but the song changed causing her to become distracted again and he attacked at the same moment, grabbing her from behind the pole with both arms, trapping her. She raised her hand, \"I was wrong,\" she announced as she pulled against his grasp, \"Can we pause?\" Deckard let go and moved to stand before her, \"What were you saying?\" he asked, \"It's so hard to hear over all the noise,\" his tone was condescending. She rolled her eyes, \"You are ready for anything which means I was halfway wrong but I am not ready for anything anymore. These lights and the music completely threw me. If there was someone here actually trying to kill me, I'd be dead.\" \"We'll train in here from now on and you'll be ready again,\" he replied as he reached out and grabbed her hand in his, \"You'd be surprised how easy it is to get used to fighting in all the distraction once more. Wanna take a break until tomorrow?\" Ella nodded as she allowed him to pull her into his arms.[Chapter 7] Eleven months passed since Ella and Deckard had changed their training methods and Ella was once again ready for anything just as she had been the day she arrived in Las Vegas. The pair began their day like they did everyday but Ella felt different as they went into the club to train. She didn't say anything to Deckard because she couldn't describe it as she waited for the darkness in the room to be filled with neon lights. The lights came up and Ella looked at them, her off feeling worsening as she did. Deckard appeared in the room and was surprised to see she hadn't moved from where she was when they walked in. He walked up behind her and grabbed her waist from behind, putting her in a lock. Ella was shocked he'd already gotten the jump on her and at the same moment, she leaned forward still within his grasp and lost the oatmeal she'd had for breakfast on the floor. Deckard let go once she began getting sick and moved to place a comforting hand on her back, \"Are you alright?\" he asked, looking at her with surprise across his face. Ella finished and took a moment to catch her breath before she finally looked at him, \"I don't know. I felt off but even after that I can't describe it. Is it ok if I go back upstairs and lay down?\" she asked. He nodded, \"Of course,\" he agreed as he wrapped his arms around her, protectively, helping her up the stairs and into one of the chairs they usually sat it at night. \"Can you describe how you feel at all? Have you ever felt this way before?\" he asked, not trying to overwhelm her but also filled with concern. Ella shook her head as she pulled her knees up to her chest in her seat, \"I feel strange like something within me is not right,\" she tried to explain, \"I didn't have my normal cycle this month which I thought was because I have been away for so long. What else could that mean?\" she asked as she watched him close his eyes. \"I'll be right back,\" he replied, \"We need something to see what's going on. Don't move and if you get sick again, try to use a trash can or something, ok?\" Ella laughed, \"Yeah, I'll keep the floors clean,\" she said back, sarcastically getting a weak smile out of him before he left the room. Deckard returned that afternoon and handed Ella a stick, \"This is a pregnancy test. Do you know how to use it?\" \"I'm not capable of bearing children,\" she replied but nodded as she saw the look on his face as she took the test from his hand, \"I'll be back in a minute,\" she said as she walked away to take it. Once she was finished, she walked back to Deckard so they could await the results together, \"How did you know that this could even be possible?\" she asked as she took a seat and stared at it, briefly looking away to see him. \"Let's save that story for after we find out what's going on,\" he replied as he looked at her, watching her watch the test. After a few minutes, she picked up and saw a plus sign on it. She passed it to Deckard and he put it back down and stood, \"This can't be happening again.\" \"Again?\" she asked as she stood.\" He paused and looked at her, realizing he was reacting unfairly. He grabbed her hands and looked into her eyes, \"You're pregnant somehow and this isn't the first time I've gotten a replicant pregnant. The first time is the reason I'm left the force and went into hiding to begin with. I hid the child after she died giving birth and then I disappeared,\" he explained, watching her expression as she took in each piece of his story. \"What are we supposed to do? Can we raise a baby here? Do we need to find an even more remote place to hide?\" she asked numerous questions as she tried to process what was going on. Deckard pulled Ella into his arms so she could rest her head against his chest, smoothing her hair soothingly, \"We'll figure it out but I can't lose you like I lost Rachel, I won't.\" Ella tried to take deep breaths as she wrapped her arms around his waist, \"I guess this is our second anniversary surprise,\" she said trying to lighten the mood. She didn't know if she was doing it more for herself or him.[Chapter 8] Ella was sitting at the bar a little over a month later, her hand resting on the small bump that had appeared on her usually perfectly flat stomach. As she sat, reflecting on how much her life had changed in the last two years, she heard a single piano key echo through the floor. She hopped off her barstool and found Deckard, \"Someone is here,\" she whispered as she saw him sitting on their bed pulling on his t-shirt. He stood immediately and grabbed the blaster he'd threatened her with the day they met, \"Stay behind me,\" he ordered as they made their way to the main area. Ella stepped softly until they saw a young man, the intruder, \"Don't give him your Treasure Island line,\" she stated causing him to look back and give her a small half grin. \"What do you want?\" Deckard asked once they were close enough. The young man turned, \"I'm looking for some answers about a child born. Do you have those Detective Deckard?\" he asked, his hands raised. \"I don't know what you're talking about but I'd go back down those stairs and back where you belong, if I were you,\" he replied, gesturing toward the stairs with his gun. The young man saw Ella behind Deckard, \"Detective Ella? Joshi told us you died on a mission.\" \"I did as far as anyone is concerned,\" she said as she recognized the man, \"Why are looking into a mystery child, Joe?\" \"It's Officer K,\" he corrected her, \"But, if you must know. We found a skeleton of a woman and we revealed that she died giving birth and she was a replicant so you can imagine why everyone is on edge to find the child.\" \"To destroy it so the world will remain as it is?\" Deckard asked, his tone scary, darker then Ella had ever heard. Joe nodded, \"Can you put the gun down and talk to me? I'm aware that it's two against one so I can appreciate my position here. I just want to ask some questions. My interests don't involve harming the child.\" Deckard looked back at Ella briefly, \"Can he be trusted?\" \"He was always a great Detective but I can't tell you if he's found a reason to disagree with their position,\" she replied, \"We should just hear him out and that way we can decide and maybe avoid a fight. I'm not sure I'm up to it since you won't let me train,\" she whispered. He nodded and gestured for Joe to take a seat, \"Ask your questions and then I'll decide what to do with you.\" \"What was the name of the mother of your child?\" Joe asked, getting straight to the point of his visit. Deckard closed his eyes for a moment, reliving the painful memories once more, before he replied, \"Her name was Rachel and we hid the child after it was born. Rachel was gone but I turned to others to get the baby out of danger. The child was hidden so well that not even I could find it. I taught them how to scramble the records and then I disappeared, until Ella found me anyway. What else do you want to know?\" he asked, his tone still dangerous but slightly lighter. Joe looked at the pair, surprised to find Ella alive, \"Ella, why did you leave? Besides myself, you were the best.\" \"There is only so long you can kill for a living and be alright with you,\" she replied as she moved from standing behind Deckard's chair to take a seat next to him, \"I began to question why those people needed to die and then I came here for a routine check of the area and found Deckard. He gave me the out I needed so I faked my death and came back. Don't you get sick of what we do? We don't get to ask questions, we're just given a name and expected to eliminate that person without a reason.\" Joe thought about what she said and knew he'd been questioning their work, himself, and nodded, \"I do but I didn't think we had an option. We don't. Look what you've done to escape it. What happens when they find you?\" \"I don't know but I couldn't do it anymore,\" she replied, \"What else do you want to know? We can't help you find the child and it's only a matter of time before people follow you here if they know what you're searching for. You're putting us in danger,\" her voice was strong as she hid the worry she was feeling. Deckard nodded, \"You have to go, Kid or we'll force you out. They can't find us under any circumstances. Contact Freysa in the underground. She helped me hide the child and she is the only soul alive who might know where it is.\" \"Why would you give up that information with the chance that I would kill you child?\" Joe asked, his face showing surprise. Deckard looked at him, \"I can see it in your eyes that you understand the shift the child could bring to this world for the better and I'm choosing to believe in that.\" He looked back at Ella for a brief moment before speaking again, \"Do you want a drink before you leave? You look like you could use it,\" he sympathized. Joe nodded, \"I really could. Thanks.\" \"One drink and then you leave,\" Ella added as she watched them get up. \"Are you going to join us?\" Joe asked, trying to give her mood some levity. Ella shook her head, \"I'm not in the mood for a drink. You two enjoy.\" Deckard gave her a supportive smile as he and Joe disappeared. Ella stood from her chair and moved to look out the window. She knew someone would come and she watched helplessly for the first sign of their end.[Chapter 9] Ella watched the orange sky outside, the most alert she'd been in two years, until she saw what she knew was coming and her heart sank. Three spinners were headed their way. Ella sighed as she took a deep breath to get into fight mode and turned to go to the bar. When she walked in, Deckard looked up and knew from her face that nothing they could have done would stop the people from coming. \"We need to leave,\" Deckard stated as he began walking down the stairs behind the bar, followed by Joe and Ella. As they made their way down to the floor below where an emergency vehicle was awaiting them, Joe looked to the left and saw a shot coming straight for them, \"Get down!\" he yelled. The three jumped back but didn't miss the entirety of the blast as they all crashed down to the ground. Ella was awake but she couldn't move as she watched another ship land and a two men and a woman came out. The men grabbed Deckard as the woman saw him, \"We've been looking for you,\" she said. Ella took a deep breath as she forced herself to her feet and ran for the men just as Deckard woke and began fighting. He had the men so Ella went after the woman. \"You're going to have to go through me to get him,\" Ella said as she launched a high kick at the woman's face making contact causing the woman's lips to curl into a smile as Ella heard Joe start to get up behind her. \"You're one of us,\" she said, \"I'm Luv and I'm sure Mr. Wallace will be glad to have you back as well,\" she added as she pulled out a long whip from her pocket. Ella couldn't dodge it quickly enough as it made contact with her shoulder and sent a shock through her system that caused her to begin to fall and the world to fade around her. The last things she saw were Deckard being knocked out and Luv beginning a fight with Joe. Ella woke in pain and opened her eyes slowly to find herself in a dimly lit room, in a chair. She blinked to strengthen her eyes and began to look around. She saw Deckard coming to in a seat across from her. She tried to get up to reach out to him but the pain in her body was too much as she gasped in pain causing Deckard to fully wake. When he saw her, his temper flared, \"What did they do to you? Is the baby ok?\" \"Sh,\" Ella replied as she used her strength to reject his hand reaching for her abdomen, \"These people can not know and I don't know but I hope so. I think she just paralyzed me temporarily. How are you? They didn't bring Joe as far as I can tell.\" Deckard looked around and saw that they were on a platform surrounded by water but before he could respond, another voice joined the two. \"We've been looking for you Mr. Deckard and the return of one of my angels is an added bonus,\" a man with long hair and frightening eyes said as he appeared followed by Luv. \"Now, can you help me find your child? If you do, I can reward you handsomely,\" he offered before he turned his gaze to Ella just for a moment. \"There's nothing you can give me to get that information,\" Deckard spat back, \"I don't even know myself so you're wasting your time.\" \"Oh, Mr. Deckard,\" the man said in a soft tone as he placed his hand on Deckard's shoulder, \"You must know something. Can she help?\" he asked as Ella turned to see a woman walking toward them. Deckard stared as he stood to look at the approaching him. The man spoke again, \"I can give you Rachel back and all you have to do is help me.\" Ella felt a sting in her heart as she looked Deckard interacting with the replicant made to look like his first love but suddenly Deckard rejected the woman, \"Her eyes were green.\" Luv moved forward as Deckard turned away and looked at Ella, his eyes warming as he saw her but was interrupted as Luv put a bullet through the new Rachel's temple. \"I suppose we won't be needing her,\" Luv announced as she stepped back. The man moved forward and used a small device to release Ella from her pain as he pulled her up to stand before him, \"Does this one mean anything to you? She's another one of my failures,\" he said as he placed his hand on her lower abdomen, \"Barren within but perhaps if I let her stay with you then you'll give me what I want,\" he looked back at Deckard whose eyes were lit with flames at the sight of the man's hand on her stomach. \"I can't help you because I don't know anything but I guarantee you don't want to harm her,\" Deckard replied as his muscles tensed, ready to attack. Ella gave Deckard a warning glance as the man looked at her more curiously, \"What value could this missing angel have to me? Perhaps you've told her and if she watches me torture you then she'll give it up. Luv,\" he turned his attention to her, \"Take them to the island. We'll get results from our friends there.\" Luv nodded as the man disappeared, \"You two will not like your new friends but I happen to love them,\" she said as she used a button on in hand to cuff Ella and Deckard, \"Come, come.\" Deckard looked at Ella, \"I'm sorry,\" he mouthed. She returned his glance with a strong expression as she mouthed, \"We will get out of this.\" Luv brought them to a prisoner plane and loaded them in, attaching their handcuffs to another set bolted to the floor, \"I wouldn't want either of you to get any ideas,\" she said with a smile, \"Especially you,\" she said to Ella, \"You're spunky.\"[Chapter 10] As they began their journey, Luv placed a pair of dark colored glasses onto her eyes and she looked at Deckard, \"I'm going to run a quick scan and make sure I can tell my good friends where you're the weakest. That will make our work so much quicker,\" she said with a bright smile. Ella looked at him as she listened the the sound of waves crashing below them and hoped Luv wouldn't turn the glasses onto her because their secret would quickly be revealed, if the baby had survived what they'd already been through. Deckard looked back at her, his own eyes showing the same concerns. She saw him swallow and hated to seem him really afraid when it was all her fault. \"I might as well give you a once over too,\" Luv said after she finished looking at Deckard. Ella's breath caught as she sat locked up, unable to avoid what was coming, as Luv locked her glasses on to her. Just as Luv began her scan, she was interrupted by the sound of one of the ships providing them protection exploding. Ella and Deckard began trying to get out of their handcuffs while Luv spoke with their driver to get to the island before they were hit. \"It's Joe,\" Ella said as she looked at Deckard, \"And he saved us in more ways then one,\" she added. Deckard nodded, \"I was terrified as she looked at you but I won't lie, it would have been nice to know the baby is ok.\" \"If we get out, steal her glasses and then you can look,\" she said with a devious smile as she worked with her aching muscles to free herself. Neither could get any headway on their bonds before Joe hit their transport just enough to put it down without causing any injury. They crash landed into the water and skidded across to the land but the waves were fighting to pull the ship back to itself. \"We have to get out,\" Deckard said as he looked at Ella and then down at the floor where the water was starting to come through. Luv opened the doors to get them to land but she was grabbed by Joe and the two disappeared into the water but the open doors caused the water to start to come in faster. \"Deckard,\" Ella said truly panicked for the first time, \"How are we going to escape before the water gets too high?\" \"Take deep breaths, Babe,\" he urged, \"Panicking will only make this worse. Just keep trying to loosen your restraints. Your wrists are smaller,\" he added. Ella took a few deep breaths as she began to work her hands to try and slide out of the handcuffs while the water grew higher and higher around them. She looked up while she worked and saw Luv coming back. She sped up her work and with one more tug, she freed herself and just as Luv entered the ship, Ella lunged forward and pushed her underneath. Luv found against her but Ella's anger plus the pregnancy made her stronger as she forced her to stay underwater until she was finally limp just as Joe swam into the ship. \"Get Deckard!\" Ella yelled as she held her breath and submerged herself beneath the water to get the glasses Luv had used earlier. She grabbed them and then came up to see both men ready. The three swam to shore through the angry waves and once they reached land, Ella's actions finally took their toll and she laid down on the ground regaining her breathing. Deckard bent over, grabbing his legs as he too got his breathing under control before he finally looked at Joe who was severely injured. \"Why didn't you let me die back there? I know that's what Freysa would have ordered if you found her,\" Deckard questioned as he made his way to Ella to check on her. \"You did die back there and now you two can join them and you can meet your daughter,\" Joe replied though his breathing was labored. Deckard couldn't hide his surprise as he reached out his hand for Ella's, \"Can you stand?\" She nodded as she grabbed his hand and stood, leaning against him once she was up, \"I'll be fine by morning. It's the paralytic that's holding me back,\" she replied as she handed him the glasses, \"Here, you can check now.\" \"Check what?\" Joe asked, clutching his side. Deckard looked at the young man, he knew he could trust him now as he put the glasses on, \"She's pregnant but we don't know if the baby made it through today,\" he revealed as he turned back to look at Ella and he looked straight at her stomach as a large smile crossed his lips. \"Is the baby ok? Your face makes me think so but I sometimes can't read you,\" Ella said while Joe remained quiet to process the news. Deckard nodded as he removed the glasses and pulled her into his arms, \"After twenty-eight years of solitude, I'm getting another chance at a miracle along with a chance to reunite with my first. I know I've never said this in all the time we've been together, Ella but I love you and I'm so glad you broke into my home,\" he said as he wrapped her tightly in his arms. Ella rested her head against his chest, wrapping her arms around him as she listened to his heartbeat, \"I've said it every night when you fall asleep. I love you too.\"[Chapter 11] Epilogue \"Deckard, I think it's time,\" Ella said as she grasped his arm with one hand, her other on her large stomach as she took a deep breath. \"Freysa,\" Deckard shouted as he turned to place a hand on Ella's stomach, his anxiety reaching its peak since he'd lost his last love to childbirth, \"Ella is in labor!\" he shouted again because she wasn't coming quick enough. Ella smiled at him as her contraction faded, \"Calm down, Babe.\" Freya arrived at the scene, pulling off her glasses to reveal her one good eye, \"She is due so there is no reason not to prepare for the birth. I am glad Joseph brought you all here so we could do this right this time,\" she added as she placed both of her hands on Ella's stomach, \"The baby's position is good. Take off your pants and underwear so I can assess your progress,\" she turned to her young apprentice, Joe's girlfriend, \"Get me a blanket, Dear.\" As Ella finished pulled off her clothing, a blanket was placed on her as she laid back and reached for Deckard's hand, squeezing it tightly because she was scared too. Freysa reached inside of her, \"It won't be long. Breathe through the pain and call for me when you feel immense pressure.\" Ella nodded as they left and she was alone with Deckard once more just as another contraction took over her body. She breathed through her teeth as she waited on it to pass. Deckard was a wreck beside her, running his free hand through his grey hair. When it passed, she looked at him, \"Hun, I need you to calm down because I can't do this if you're freaking out too. Please take a real breath for me.\" He inhaled fully before smiling at her, \"I'm sorry. I'm just nervous but you're in good hands and I can be strong for you,\" he promised as he leaned down and placed a kiss on her forehead even though it was already covered with beaded sweat. Hours passed before Ella felt as though her lower half would fall off and she yelled out for Freysa. She came immediately and lifted the blanket, a smile showing on her lips, \"You're ready to push. When I say it you push as hard as you can until I tell you to stop. Got it?\" Ella looked at Deckard, finally nervous but he gave her hand a squeeze as he smiled at her tenderly, \"I'm ready,\" she agreed. Ella pushed three times before the baby was safely out, \"It's a boy,\" Freysa revealed as she began checking to make sure Ella was ok after laying the baby on her chest. \"We did it,\" Deckard whispered looking at Ella and the baby, \"I'm so proud of you. Is she going to be ok?\" he asked. Freysa nodded, \"She did perfectly. She was built for this,\" she said as she scooped up the baby, \"I'll bring him back in just a moment after we clean him up.\" Ella nodded as she looked back at Deckard, tears in both of their eyes, \"What do you want to name him?\" Deckard didn't reply immediately as he leaned down and placed his lips to hers, his stress leaving his body now that he knew she was ok. When he pulled away, Freysa placed the baby back in Ella's arms, clean and wrapped up. \"He looks like an Elvis,\" Ella said with a grin as she looked at Deckard, remembering him playing Elvis songs constantly during their time in Vegas. Deckard grinned back at her, \"How about Aaron? That was his middle name,\" he said as he looked down at the baby, wrapping his arms protectively around both of them. The End ","Summary":" A/N: This story begins two years before Blade Runner 2049 and will have a few scenes spanning that "},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Bridge to Terabithia 2: Welcome to Paris","Author":"Opel Vectra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12046088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Terabithia 2 : Welcome to Paris Chapter One : The Aristobrats *WARNING* This is just a comedic-sequel of that drama/fantasy film , i'm not looking for any coying anything of hurting other fans, … Okay, so…this was the apparent end and Jess finally accepted what happened in the movie/book… His sis was just crowned queen of Terabithia… Some hours later, in the night, Jess quitted the house discretely, and goes to an abandoned VW van, He knocks on the back-doors when a similar voice ask : « What's the password ? » « Annasophia Robb » The voice opened the doors, Jess grabs…Leslie's hand ! « Leslie ! » « You're late, Terabithia King » «Sorry, that was supper… Good to see ya Leslie » Indeed, Leslie's death was faked, she and Jess made it up to get freed of everything (parents, school...etc) « Have you finished with your dummy Jess?» « Yep, tommorow, everyone will gone « aaargh ! Jess's dead too oh my gosh ! » by the way, where will we go for our new life ?» « Paris » « Capital of France ? » « Yep… Les Champs Elysées, La tour Eiffel… » « And the aristocats…right ? » The two kids laugh as they prepare for their trip… Meanwhile, at Mrs Edmunds's The phone rang and… « Hello ?» Leslie says « That's us boss… we're ready ! » TO BE CONTINUED…[Chapter 2] Terabithia 2 : Welcome to Paris Chapter Two : Leslie Je-ne-sais-quoi In the plane, Jess and Leslie are listening some… « oooooooooooo champs élysées… oooooooooooo champs élyséeeees ! au soleil ! Sous la pluie ! À midi ! Ou à minuit ! Il y aura tout ce que vous voudrez, o champs élysééés ! ! » on their walkman when… Ms Edmunds Allright, allright kids, THAT'S ENOUGH ! NOT ANOTHER WORD ! Jess Relax…we just wanna have some little fun ! like you ! Ms Edmunds You're gonna have fun in Paris ! Why don't you just…take a break ?! Leslie We are… « oooooooooooo champs élysées… oooooooooooo champs élyséeeees ! … » Ms Edmunds: (facepalm) Then, in the plane, an old lady goes scolding …. « Pardon me madam, could you tell your kids to stop singing Joe Dassin and SHUT UP ? » « They aren't my kids…» Leslie, incommoded by the granny's presence says : « yes mommy, we shut up, like the crazy hag woman said… » « why you little…. » A grandpa interposes himself… « (to that crazy hag woman) calm down Adélaïde, they're just kids… (to our heroes) excuse my wife, she is a little bit sensitive…» Jess and Ms Edmunds stares at Leslie… « what ? » Outside the Paris Airport, the Kids and their music teacher are discussing quietly about the passeports… « someone's gonna recognize me ! we should have put wigs and voilà ! » « we're ok with the passeports but why calling me Katniss ? » « i love Hunger Games, especially peeta… » « cut it out kids ! we don't have time ! i got english lessons at the goblins ! do hurry ! » The trio run for the metro but Adelaide follows them…. TO BE CONTINUED…[Chapter 3] Terabithia 2 : Welcome to Paris Chapt3r Three : As seen on TV In New Zealand, in Jess's family house, morosity, sadness and mayhem are taking the lead… Ellie, Brenda (jesse's older sisters)and their parents are crying a river, while May Belle is watching TV « i can't believe Jess died…like his girlfriend…. What was her name ?» « Bessie…Berk, or something… » « Leslie… Leslie Burke….» May Belle « HEY ! QUIET ! « KUWTH » is STARTING ! shut the hell…. » Suddenly on TV… Presentator « Good evening, i'm Jennifer Lopez, and unfortunately…tonight, your favorite show, Keeping up with the Kardashians, is replaced by a documentary about Elvis Presley, the king of rock that passed away more than 20 years a… » Jess Sr./T-1000 ? « allright, that's enough ! I can't take this anymore ! » (zapp) (Bridge to Terabithia) « Your friend Leslie Died… » (zapp) (The Lion King) « Long Live the King ! » (zapp) (Bambi) « your mother can't be with you anymore… » (zapp) (Cars 2) « you…will find the 2nd agent…and kill him » Jess Sr./T-1000 ? (leave) « I'm gonna be sick !» In Paris Leslie, Jess and are dressed as parisians, at the Galeries Lafayette…where a new shop is just opened… Evrything sounds good until a crowd of journalists come… TV host « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(to Leslie) [•REC] Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » Jess to Leslie « she's talking to you, say something….come on….say… « Je m'appelle Katniss » Come on… » Leslie « I'm not gonna say that ! » TV host « QUOI ? ahhhh you are inglishe ! so, have you visitid ze niou shop dat opened in dat gallerie» Jess «(bad british accent) yes indeed, we visited, and tha was super amazing and super shiny!…. » « i think we better go…bye ! » (To the kids) « what the heck's wrong with you kids ? your parents are gonna see you !» Jess « No danger Ms…. » Leslie « we're dead… they can't find us….» As they're leaving the galleries, Adelaïde, (the old lady from the plane) is still following them… TO BE CONTINUED….[Chapter 4] Terabithia 2 : Welcome to Paris Chapter Four : who are those kids ? In a flat in Paris, Jess and Leslie are watching in the iphone « t2 : judgement day » in french with the T-1000… Jess « i love french films… » Leslie « hey look, it's your dad ! But he's naked ! » Jess « very funny… » Leslie « by the way, i'm sorry for what happened yesterday at the galleries…. » Jess « That wasn't your fault… frenchies are so…. » Leslie « i know… » Jess « want some gum ? » Leslie « no thank you… » Meanwhile, at the Aarons's, Jess Sr. is watching Bridge to Terabithia, the scene where the father tells his son about the boy's friend demise….and cry…. Mom « Sweetheart, what'cha doin' ? » Jess Sr. « Nothing… (turns off) i just….watch the galleries lafayette website….for my lil'honey whompuss May-Belle's birthday…. » Mom « Yeah, right…then….why is your « Jess Aarons » toy here ? » Jess Sr. « THAT'S NOT A TOY ! THAT'S AN ACTION FIGURE ! » Mom « what action it does ? » Jess Sr. « he talks ! » He presses the head « daddy, is she going to hell ? » Mom « wow ! may i keep it ? » Jess Sr. « hey ! that's mine ! you're gonna break it… » Jess's dad accidentally press the play button to an interview on the galleries lafayette website and… Interview : TV host « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(to Leslie) Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » NOOO ! THIS CANNOT BE ! To be continued…[Chapter 5] Terabithia 2.5 Chapter Five : François After they saw the interview, Jess's parents have decided to hire François Latouffue, a private detective who lived in paris…and who was Jess's Mom's boyfriend in high school to track the kids from the interview…! François « sau, wat canaille dou for you ? (French accent) » Jess Sr. « listen up buttercup…our son apparently died from drowning, like his friend Leslie… » François « Leslie ? » Jess Sr. « yeah…and yesterday, we just saw an interview in Paris, and we saw that non-dress girl leslie with that son of a motherless goat ! » His wife slaps him Jess Sr. « sorry…(to François) i'll show ya… » (interview) TV host « Sacrebleu ! Des nouveaux clients ! Vous devez pas être d'ici vous !(to Leslie) Jeune fille avez-vous visité le nouveau magasin qui vient d'ouvrir ? » François « hey ! the girl is the same actress who plays…that blonde brat from « Charlie and the chocolate factory»..non ? i love that act…» Jess Sr. « Zip it French-boy ! we called you for bringing Leslie and Jess back to us, so Jr. Can be grounded for the next 365 days ! » May-Belle apprears May-Belle « i'm not a French-boy ! » François « waouh ! you are sau cioute ! what ize your naime ? » Mom « Honey, weren't you supposed to be in bed ? » May-Belle « in bed ? it's 5 pm… » Mom « oh yeah, right… May-Belle, this is François, François, May-Belle» François « Enchanté… » Jess Sr. « (pushes François) go to your room dear… » May-Belle « Jess is dead ! and you guys know it ! he can't appear in a damned interview…» Jess Sr. « you better watch your tongue young lady…. » Mom « Honey, go… » May-Belle « eat my shorts » Mom « what was that ? » May-Belle « EAT-MY-SHORTS » Mom « don't mess with the bull young lady…you'll get the horns… » May-Belle « you two are despicable… » As May-Belle leaves, François is engaged… WILL HE TRACK JESS AND LESLIE ? To be continued….[Chapter 6] Terabithia 2.6 Chapter Six : City of Love, n'est-ce-pas ? In new zealand… Those two jerks Scott and Gary who haunted Jess's Nightmares for too long get attacked by… ? « Take this! » When the boys get a serious damage…. ? « Where are Jess and Leslie ?… » Scott « They're dead! Don't cha know tha… » BLAM! (Scott gets shot….) ? « anyway, he didn't existed on the novel… (to Gary) And now pee-wee, for the last time…Where are Jess and Leslie ?… » Gary « don't know! » BLAM! (Gary gets shot too….) Meanwhile, in Paris Airport, François finds out in his 2cv, that someone is in his suitcase…. François « welle watte have wi hireu….watte are you douhingue? » BLAM! ? « Hehehehehe….Zip it French-boy ! » François's killer calls his partner in crime… ? «yeah, I've just arrived…meet me at the Eiffel tower… then we'll take good care of you know who… Hehehehehe » Meanwhile, Jess and Leslie are waiting for Ms Edmunds in her flat, when… « Allright Kids…be ready! Tonight is the night! » The trio is face to the Eiffel tower by night….Leslie's listening… \"Oh, this is the night, it's a beautiful night And we call it bella notte….\" \"Wrong film Leslie\" \"But it's Disney, right…and we were in a Disney movie…\" \"Right…\" \"And in every Disney movie, the hero never dies and always gets the girl…\" \"Right…WHAT? The hero never….what about in …. What was that?\" \"What, what?\" \" I was looking for the name of a movie…some dramatic-fantasy movie with that gal who plays that blonde brat from « Charlie and the chocolate factory»…\" \"Ferris Bueller's Day Off ?\" \"no…that was a more recent movie….made from a book….\" \"I'm sorry Leslie but I don't know…what about you miss Edm…\" Jess and Leslie find Miss Edmunds dead…Jess soon saw a red light on Leslie's head…. \"Get down!\" BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! (someone shoot at the kids with a sniper…) \"phew..thanks for saving me Jess…\" \"I had to… I didn't want you to finish like the girl in Bridge to Terabithia…\" \"OOOOOOOOH YEAHHHHH! Bridge to Terabithia! (kisses Jess) that was the name of that…oh my goodness JESS!LOOK OUT…\" (Adélaïde and her leader shoot at the kids with snipers…) May-Belle \"YOU'RE HISTORY !\" Jess \"why MAY BELLE! What a surprise….\" May-Belle (shoots Adélaïde)\"Thanks, but I don't need you anymore…(point a gun at Jess and Leslie) You LIARS ! How can you do that to us! So, from the start, that was an act!I'll make you pay for this!\" Jess \"it was her idea! (winks at Leslie) Faking death and going to Paris…\" Leslie \"No! He's the criminal mastermind! He told me to fake death so he can write a story about my demise and sold the movie rights to Gábor Csupó!\" Jess \"what ?\" May-Belle \"movie rights? I've got to be in that film!\" Jess and Leslie \"NOW!\" After an epic catfight… Jess and Leslie are meeting a man dressed as a director named Gabor Csupo who ask them… \"greetings kids, I'm looking for actors for a dramatic fantasy movie which is an adaptation of a book…\"[Chapter 7] ...Ten years later, Jess totally lost contact with Leslie, we don't know why… He lives in Paris as a pizza deliver and gained a perfect french accent and handle…one night… (The bell rings) \"Oui ?\" \"Domino's pizza m\"dame!\" The door opens… \"Leslie! What'cha doing here ? It's me! Jess! Your pal! Remember ?\" \"Jess ? What Jess ?\" \"you know….Jess… Jess Aarons…We faked our death together as kid…\" \"OH YEAH! I remember you! Ohmygodness! JESS!\" \"LESLIE!\" The two friends reunites and hugs…[Chapter 8] \"You…didn't leave…\" \"I did…but I came back for a friend's birthday party…\" \"so what do you do ?\" \"I'm a novelist…just like my parents…\" \"they found ya ?\" \"nope…ye know what ? I'm Isabelle Rouque…\" \"so you're the one that wrote \" Confessions of a Mid-Age Reality Warper \" and \" King Terrien \" ?\" \"yep, that's me pal…\" \"I'm your biggest fan! I got all the tomes of \" King Terrien \", from 1 to 15!\" \"and one dedicated 16th…I'll release it next week…\" Jess's POV OMG[Chapter 9] Leslie-Awwwww Jess… I can't believe we found each other again… Jess-yeah… Leslie-where were you all this time already? Jess-this is difficult to explain Leslie…actually… While Jess was talking, an Acadiane charges at the two friends…almost crush 'em… Then, two thugs sprayed chloroform on Jess and Leslie… Later… Leslie woke up… Leslie-hey…what the….where am I ? She sees Jess lying on the ground… Leslie-Oh Noooooo! Jess! Googly bear! No time to sleep Terabithia King, wake up! Tell me you're not dead…. Tell me you're not dead…please… As Leslie was about to cry… Jess-Hi Leslie… Leslie (Scared) -AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH! (kicks Jess) YOU'RE NOT JESS! YOU'RE A FREAKING ZOMBIE! HE'S A FREAKING ZOMBIE! Jess-It's allright Leslie, It's allright…I'm alive…. Leslie-You're not dead ? Jess-I totally got ya! You should have seen your face! Leslie-ooooooh You lying cockroach! Jess-that was for the whoopee cushion in French Class! The two kids laugh when suddenly the door of the Acadiane opens…a man in pajamas scolds Jess and Leslie… -Hey quiet! I'm trying to get to sleep! It's 1 am! Leslie- He started it! Jess-WE started it… -Leslie, I don't care about who started it, and Jess, SHUUT UUUUUUUP! Leslie-you know us? Jess-who are you by the way? Leslie-Let us go you…you kidnapper! 1985 Jess- Kidnapper? No…you're not kids anymore…oh, I almost forgot….let me introduce, I'm Jess Aarons…THE Jess Aarons… 2007 Jess-no, there's only one Jess Aarons: ME ! no, wait a sec…you mean, you're Jess Aarons, the Jess from… 2007 Leslie- …the 1985 film for television ? 1985 Jess- exactly![Chapter 10] 1985 Jess-My mission is to keep your mind open…and to make you people, you know…just grow up….you guys thought like kids for 10 years since you started living \"à la française\"… 2007 Jess shoots at 1985 Jess with an AK-47…but the oldest Jess was stronger than his \"double\"… 2007 Jess- run Leslie! I'll take care of him… But 2007 Leslie escape with her Jess… 2007 Leslie-What is wrong with you dude? 1985 Jess- he's not my 80's double…he's an impostor and a sicko!…he's… 2007 Leslie-I remember now Jess…I remember why we haven't seen each other for years! You're becoming paranoid and…I can't stand it! 1985 Jess- speaking of years…how can you forget the rules? 2007 Leslie-what rules? 1985 Jess- the girl dies in the novel and the film so…why not on the 2007 movie…on your movie, Leslie was supposed to Kick the buck…where did they go?… The two kids escape… Leslie-you were right…that guy is completely nuts! Jess-I told you he was a sicko…[Chapter 11] At Leslie's \"Funeral'… Everyone was sad… Jess and Miss Edmunds (RIP) were faking sadness while Leslie was observing them while laughing… Jess, Leslie and Ms Edmunds's plan was working but Jess noticed something weird… It came from Leslie's grandmother's denture, It was actually come kind of \"It\"… A creature coming from the sewers whose hobby was to kill children… Jess managed to protect himself and his team quickly as possible… There was no doubt: the creature was back in Paris… Sacrebleu! 2007: It's awakening 2007 again: Jess confronts the creature for the 1st time… 2008: Jess and Leslie never saw each other until now… 2009: It took the shape of \"Barricade\" to get rid of Jess…(failed) 2012: It turned into Vanessa Hudgens to seduce Jess and eat him…(failed) 2017: It's Back… Jess had nightmares about the creature but one thing was sure… Leslie and him were safe… By the way, where is she ? \"Hi Jess, I discovered your 80's double has a passion for epic fantasy, he asked me to come in a role play game for my next \"King Terrin\" tome… Toodles Leslie\" Jess- oh man…[Chapter 12] At Charles Degaulle airport, '85 Jess was waiting for Leslie who went to the girl's bathroom… Where Leslie got attacked by a giant toilet bowl… Fortunately, ('85 Jess's older sister and cyborg reconverted accomplice) came to rescue Leslie… Jess found Leslie… 2007 Jess- ah! Leslie! I'm glad this maniac didn't kill… 2007 Leslie- don't speak to me, ever… 2007 Jess- why? 2007 Leslie- We should never have that plan! … 10 years ago, Maybelle tried to kill us instead of playing with my barbies… 2007 Jess- speaking of Maybelle, that's not… 2007 Leslie- and now, a police car crashed you, a toilet bowl and your eighties double attempted to kill me! This means…you bring bad luck…. 2007 Jess- where are you going Leslie ? 2007 Leslie- Marseille! Where I should have been! Taxi! A white taxi arrive, the driver was smiling at Leslie with his Marseille colored T-Shirt… Driver- what's your destination mademoiselle ? 2007 Leslie- Marseille! Driver- that's my way! What about your friend ? 2007 Leslie- That's not my friend… 2007 Jess- Leslie… Driver- that's weird…I thought that… (his phone's wallpaper is the poster of \"Bridge to Terabithia\") 2007 Leslie- go… Driver- on est partis!Fasten your seatbelt … …and get ready for takeoff! The taxi was supercharged car, as the driver drives, the car accelerates… At Porte Dauphine, a van (which reminded Leslie something familiar…) stopped the driver… Driver- Sacrebleu! What is he doing? (To the van driver) eh toi, c'est quoi ton problème ? Leslie's mom- Leslie! It has been a long time! Leslie- mom? Leslie's mom- yes…you're alive! That's a miracle! Lying to your mom ? how can you do that to us ? Leslie- Jess started it! Leslie's mom- I don't care, you're coming home with me this minute! I don't want to miss The Walking Dead at AMC… Leslie- very well…if that's what you…HOLD ON A SECOND! My parents NEVER watch television! You're not my mom! Who are you ? Leslie's mom was actually the creature that was tracking down Jess! It morphs and kidnaps Leslie… Driver- houlala…Emilien would never believe me…[Chapter 13] Meanwhile, in Paris… Jess's POV \"This is the end folks…try to impress girls and what do you get? Nothing… This is that '85 Jess's fault… But Leslie was right… We were supposed to have fun in Paris, not to hide… But nothing was more dangerous than Maybelle…or rather… WHAT ?\" 2007 Jess- is she…'85…Miss Edmunds? 1985 Jess- yes… (to '85 Miss Edmunds) sweetheart, that's…me, but from the Disney adaptation with…the girl in \"Charlie and the chocolate factory\"… Jess…that's my wife… 1985 Ms Edmunds- Enchantée…. 2007 Jess- is that your girlfriend? 1985 Jess- sure it is… do you remembered that in the book Jess… 2007 Jess- Oh yes right….Jess has a crush on his teacher that's why he didn't invited Leslie… 1985 Jess- speaking of Leslie, I saw her with a little girl that looks like your sis at the Eiffel Tower… 2007 Jess immediately understand… \"WHERE DID THEY GO?\"[Chapter 14] As \"Maybelle\" took Leslie Hostage \"aaaaaaaaaaaaaah….Paris… What a beautiful view…GAME OVER LESLIE! Instead of drowning yourself from reality to Terabithia, you'll drown yourself in the seine! Totally cool, n'est-ce pas ?\" Leslie- I don't understand…you have my Barbies! Maybelle/the creature- yes… but I could have the role of my life… 2007 Jess arrives… 2007 Jess-yeah…being… the main protagonist of the book… the 1985 film, the 2007 film… Maybelle- yeah… 2007 Jess-unfortunately you are…the princess of Terabithia… Maybelle morphs into… \"I am not Maybelle! I'm Max! Max Russel Aarons! This time, there will be no more escape… farewell Jess… I could have been you…I could have been Leslie's friend! Leslie's only friend! But the author wanted me to be a puny little girl who was the sister of the hero… I've been A LITTLE GIRL since 1977 and I'm done with all that Barbie stuff!\" 2007 Leslie-look, I was supposed to be a brunette in our film, but I'm blonde... 2007 Jess- and you're pretty cute as a blonde… 2007 Leslie-^^… 2007 Jess- Max, you could be the main protagonist without killing my GF you know… In the end of the recent movie, you could have kill me as Maybelle and take my place by being the hero for the rest of the adaptations… and stay as a little girl to trap others… Max- not bad… 1st I kill every future Jess and Leslie to come as a cute little girl…like this… (morphs as Maybelle…) and then I'll kill you… 2007 Jess- eh regardez là! C'est pas l'actrice qui fait blanche neige quand elle était petite dans « Once upon a time »? Max/Maybelle- What ? What are you doing? Don't touch me! Get away from me! And then, hundreds of little girls came to Max… (yeah…in th 2007 movie, Maybelle looks like snow white as a kid from « Once upon a time »….) 2007 Leslie- thank you Jess… I thought I was a goner… 2007 Jess- It's allright, we're only characters in a movie… are you still in 1st place at running ? 2007 Leslie- sure, why ?… 2007 Jess- forget it, keep running… Max- You can run, but you can't hide…and you'll not escape! You like robots? (Morphs into Barricade…) Take this! Max charges into Jess and Leslie, But the two disappears and max accidentally crashes himself into a Ford Pinto and blows up… \"What's happening Leslie…am I dead ?\" 2007 Leslie- of course not…we're in a cloud… okay…actually, I'm some kind of humanoid extraterrestrial, like the twins in \"race to the witch mountain\"… you know…the Dwayne Johnson movie…I can teleport myself… 2007 Jess- cool… 1985 Ms Edmunds- dang it… that police dude destroyed our Pinto! 2007 Jess- you're a alien too ? 1985 Ms Edmunds - no no…I'm some kind of supergirl… Later, 2007 Jess and Leslie married, 1985 Jess and Ms Edmunds too… FIN ","Summary":" Terabithia 2 : Welcome to Paris Chapter One : The Aristobrats *WARNING* This is just a comedic-sequ"},{"Movie":"Bridge to Terabithia","Title":"Welcome Back Leslie","Author":"RikiDante","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9463940","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Jess Aarons, its been 6 years since my best friend Leslie Burke died. Every day I miss her even more, she was someone who understood me. Though now she is in a better place and even though I miss her terribly she is in a better place. So I'm 16 now and I'm in High School, life is no better for me, I still live in the same place with my family me and May Belle still go to our so called \"Terabithia\" just to remember Leslie. Me and Janice actually became really good friends, she isn't my BEST friend, just a really good friend. It was after school I was helping out Ms. Edmunds who had now turned into Mrs. Lawrance she had married a musician who has his own karaoke place and what not, I took her boxes to her car then went my way to my house I jogged to my house it was good exercise and good training since now I was on a team I have won 4 bronze, two silvers, next week I'm going for the gold. So I'm walking in to my house I say hi to my family then go to my room I start sketching and I'm starting a bucket list, the first one one there I want to go scuba diving like Leslie wrote on her essay just to see if anything that she wrote was true. I then stood up changed my clothe and went for another job May Belle came with me so I had to slow down and keep up at her speed. We went to down town to where Janice worked we walked in and she smiled when she saw us. \"Oh hey guys whats up?\" we walked in I hadn't broken a sweat and May Belle she was panting like a mother. \"Oh we were just out for a jog, can you give May Belle some water?\" I chuckled and she nodded getting a bottle of water and handed it to May Belle. \"So what are you planing to do today?\" Janice said while taking a sip of a soda she brought for her self. \"We should go to Terabithia Jess!\" I looked at my sister and raised my eyebrow, Janice looked extremely confused. \"Terabithia?\" \"Its where Leslie died…\" Janice looked at me still with that confused look on her face. \"Why would you go there? Why is it called Terabithia?\" May Belle sighed slightly and spoke. \"Its a place Jess and Leslie made up before she died, They were the King and The queen, and I'm the princess… Jess made a bridge so we could cross over to Terabithia.\" Janice looked confused still then looked back at me. \"Why will you go there?\" I sat down and looked at her. \"Every time a year passes after Leslie's death I go there with a drawing of her, maybe of how would she look, by now and put it on a small raft and send it down the river.\" Janice's look of confusing was finally whipped off her face and nodded. \"Can I go?\" May Belled glared slightly. \"Terabithia is made only for me, Jess and Leslie.\" I looked at May Belle and smacked her slightly and softly on the shoulder. \"Terabithia isn't real!\" I looked back at Janice and smiled. \"Sure you can go Janice.\" She smiled stood up we waited till the end of her shift then we left walking back to my house we went inside I grabbed the drawing I made of Leslie, I just shifted her looks into a more woman like she looked beautiful as always I smiled. Then went out side where Janice and May Belle waited for me, May Belle was holding the raft we made, we then tied the drawing to the raft and we began walking over to Terabithia. We were walking and talking about Leslie and how she could light up a room with her smile. \"I don't know how she could be so nice to people. Like me, I was always such a jerk to her and she still talked to me as if I did nothing to her.\" I smiled slightly recalling the moment I told Leslie to talk to Janice the girls bathroom. \"She always kept her mid WIDE open she saw people with kind eyes no matter who they were.\" We finally got to the bridge that I built after Leslie died, Janice looked baffled. \"YOU made this Jess… When you were 10?!\" I chuckled slightly and scratched the back of my head and nodded. \"Yeah I did…\" We walked over to the river and placed the raft in the current and watched it float away. It hurt me every time to watch a drawing of her I never got to see the woman she became, SHE didn't get to see the woman she became.\" We stood up and we left to my house we walked Janice to the road and she waved good bye and so did we. Me and May Belle went back inside then we went to our room and just didn't talk for the rest of the day it was usually like this for us on the day of Leslie's death we stop talking to each other. I grabbed my sketch pad and started working on the drawing for next year it became night. I looked out to the stars and stood up got dressed and climbed out of my window I always did this on this day I needed my private closure every year, though I never really do Leslie will always be a wild though dancing though my memories. I ran to our wonderful \"Terabithia\" I went there and knelt down near the river stared at it and tears rushed down my face I took a deep breath and heard steps coming from the bridge and then a female voice. \"Are you okay?\" I shot up to my feet and saw HER Leslie her face glistering in the moon light that sunk in through the trees, I was perplexed by this, words didn't escape my mouth, it just hung open. Her hair reached the lower half of her back I couldn't believe it. It all made sense they only found her blood but never her body, It COULD be her. The only thing I could manage to choke out was \"Leslie….\"[Chapter 2] My jaw had dropped open her beauty just as I had pictured it, she stood in front of me her beautiful blue eyes staring back of me they were filled with worry for me, but her eyes also said something more than that, it was like she didn't know who I was. I took a step closer to her and she in her self defense, took a step back I tilted my head. \"Leslie its me Jess…\" Her eyes glistened with hope. \"Wait you recognize me?!\" I was a tad confused by what she had asked me. Of course I knew her, the girl I've cried for almost every day. \"Yes…. I-i do….\" She sprinted towards me. \"Oh that is so cool! Tell me about me! Who was I?! How was I?! Were we friends?!\" She sounded so excited as she did that adorable thing she always did, she bit her bottom lip awaiting my response and she held my shoulders and she couldn't hold still. \"Whoa, Whoa, Whoa! Wait what do you mean, how can I tell you, about YOU.\" She sighed slightly releasing her bottom lip from the grip of her top teeth. \"Well, you see today is my birthday… Well thats what my parents tell me…\" She looked at the river as it rushed down. \"They found me in this river un conscious, They don't know who I was, they call it my birthday because they found me on this day and they adopted me, they took me to a doctor. They never really bothered in looking for who my actual parents were, sooo I just went with it. They never really let me follow the river and tonight I decided to find out where it led to, and I found this bridge, and you. Oh I'm Annabelle by the way.\" I was just taking this in, I couldn't believe Leslie was alive, the girl I cried for these las 6 years was standing in front of me wondering who she was and just as excited as she would be as if she'd met a new person, it felt like she was asking about someone who wasn't her, she stared at me it felt like she could read my thoughts. To her I was always an open book, she always knew what to say when ever I was sad even when I was mean to her she always knew what to say to get me out of that cloud I got my self into and she dragged me back to earth with her. \"I was someone important to you?\" I then snapped out of my train of thought when I heard her voice echo in my ear. \"Uh… Yeah, You were my best friend… Your name was Leslie Burke and you had a loving family.\" She was so excited at hearing me talk to her and she hugged me, my face flushed red and hugged her back I have been yearning for this for 6 years, to hold her once more, to see her, to be able to speak to her.\" She let go of me, I wasn't really ready to let her go just yet but I wasn't going to force her to continue hugging a person she considers a stranger. \"So you hug stranger on a daily basis?\" She looked at me and smiled. \"You say your my best friend, I have no reason to distrust you.\" I raised an eye brow at her. \"What if I wanted to hurt you?\" \"If you wanted to hurt me, you would have done it by now, right?\" I shrugged slightly thinking she may be right. \"Okay, so, how long did we know each other for?\" \"We didn't really know each other for very long just most of our 5th grade year, you were my first and only friend during that entire year, then they made us think during this entire 6 years… That you were dead.\" Leslie's eyes expressed shock as her mouth fell open and she covered it with her hand she looked sad. \"I am so sorry…. I don't know what to say I feel like your talking about some one who isn't me…\" I looked at her and smiled half heartedly she was right I felt the same way It was so un real that she was here. \"Every year on the day and place of your death, as in today and here, I come set sail to a drawing I make of you yearly of how you MAY look today.\" She looked down at the river to see if she saw a raft with a picture of her, I guessed. \"I set sail to it this afternoon, I come over at night to try and get closure so I can stay strong for the rest of the year, until next time.\" She looked at me a pained look in her eyes she hugged me again she felt pitty for me I didn't want that so I pulled away and looked down at her. \"But now, I know your alive, I can live the rest of my life knowing that my best friend didn't die in the river that we used to play on.\" She looked up at me tilting her head slightly to the right. \"Play on? What do you mean?\" I took a deep breath I had to re live everything for her she couldn't remember anything from that day, or any of her 10 years of life before that faithful day. \"On this river there used to be a rope that hung on one of the branches, we used that to get to the other side of the river.\" She looked back at the tree that I had pointed at, then looked at the bridge. \"Why didn't we just used the bridge?\" I walked over to the bridge and slid my hand on it. \"This bridge wasn't here, I made it after I lost you, A tree had fallen making it the only thing i could use to get over there, then I decided to build around it making a Bridge… A bridge to Terabithia…\" She went over to me and held my hand, the one i placed on the bridge. \"Don't stop please keep telling me, about us.\" I looked at her and my face flushed slightly when I saw her deep blue eyes shine with the moons light that danced upon her beautiful face. \"The branch broke when you swung on it, and after that I blamed my self because I left and didn't invite you to where I was going… Then my dad told me that I shouldn't blame my self, but something deep inside my heart always tortured me and nagged me that It was my fault.\" I felt her arms wrap around me from behind and her chest and head pressed against my back and she sighed slightly. \"All these years you kept mourning for me…\" I turned around to look at her and smiled. \"Now I know your alive, and I can't be the only one to know, your parents they-\" she cut me off mid sentence. \"No, not yet. My parents, the ones that adopted me, they can't know about anything just yet. Neither can the ones that are my biological parents, alright?\" I was confused on why she didn't want anyone to know just yet, she hugged me again and then I felt something vibrate and she reached into her pocket and looked at her cell phone and she made a face. \"Oh shoot! Those are my parents calling they must have noticed I'm gone. I have to go!\" She began jogging down the bridge. Then I turned to her. \"Leslie…\" She didn't turn and i sighed. \"Annabelle!\" She stopped and looked back at me. \"Meet me here again tomorrow night? I have to show you something, I have to show you what I meant by Terabithia.\" She smiled brightly and nodded at me then she began running down the other side of the river towards where she lived, only she knew where that was of course. I smiled brightly she was back and I ran back home I was so happy I climbed in through my window and jumped into bed taking off all of my dirty clothe off and getting dressed in some long pants for sleep and stayed shirtless and layer down smiling I couldn't help it SHE WAS BACK![Chapter 3] I woke up the next day all mopey. Hoping deeply that what had happened the day before wasn't a dream. I rubbed my eyes slightly and stood up I was so confused with what had happened yesterday I'm not sure if that was real, or if I had finally lost my mind. I got ready to go for my usual jog before school I went out jogged out for a while the only thing clouding my thoughts was her face, her touch, her smell, just everything about her, hearing her voice once more. I don't know what I'd do if it was just my head playing an illusion. After a couple of minutes of running rain started pouring down on me I sighed slightly and I began to pick up my speed I was really fast and I was really hoping that today I would get that gold medal I ran over back home took a quick shower and got dressed in simple ripped blue jeans, a white shirt, and some super worn out sneakers. I grabbed my back pack when I heard the buses horn and I ran out through the rain and got into the bus and shook my hair to get it dry I saw Janice and I sat down next to her and I smiled. \"So how was the rest of your day, yesterday?\" I looked at her I wanted to tell her SO badly that I saw Leslie, but to her I was going to sound crazy and I sighed, and decided to, hide the truth from her. \"Just the same old same old, after everyone was asleep at my house I went to Terabithia and just stayed there for a while…\" She looked at me and pated my shoulder. \"You know if she were still alive she would probably be so proud of you.\" I looked at her and raised my eyebrow. \"Proud of what?\" Janice giggled slightly looking at me. \"You got great at drawing, and you've won medals for running.\" I smiled slightly and looked at Janice. \"She would have probably kicked my butt at running and she would take everyone of the golden medals. I wouldn't mind though, I would love to have had her here.\" I smiled just crossing my fingers on that Leslie was REALLY alive and that last night it was really her. We went to school and the day went by regularly me an Janice had lunch together and not a surprise when Scott Hoager and Gary Fulcher, yup the same bullies from 6 years ago are still the same ones, came up to me Hoager doing that annoying beeping sound and sat down I looked at them with my un interested eyes. \"So, you going to come in second to us again today?\" I didn't look at them nor did I speak, Janice glared at them. \"Oh what cat got your tongue farm boy?!\" He looked down at me just because I was poor, I continued eating my lunch and didn't really look at them. \"You know when I speak I want you to look at me!\" He pushed my lunch off of the table and on to the floor and I stood up to look at them. \"Oh what the farm boy got mad?\" I clenched my jaw and my fist, then I heard Janice's voice. \"Jess its not worth it…\" I took a deep breath and just walked out and I could hear them laughing. I was so angry I wanted to punch their faces and just break them in half I took a deep breath and Janice came up behind me in the hallway and she handed me an apple and I chuckled grabbing it and I took a bite out of it. \"You don't know how badly I wanted to hit them both…\" Janice shrugged slightly. \"If you did that would make you one of them… And your better than that Jess, way better, you have to be the bigger person.\" \"What If I'm tired of being the bigger person?! What if my patience limit has been reached?!\" Janice frowned on me. \"Jess, you are better than that, you don't fight fire with fire, you'll just get burned… You know how you can actually shatter their ego?\" I looked at her and waited for some silly plan she might come up with, I looked at her with a face that said 'Go ahead'. \"By kicking their butts today out on that running track!\" She actually pulled a smile out on me and I hugged her and kissed the top of her head, I had actually gotten way taller than her. \"Thanks Janice!\" I looked down at her and her face was red, I remembered I've never hugged Janice, and I chuckled and patted her head and walked off to class munching on the apple. I went to class and it went by smoothly after school I was in the locker room in my running shorts, shoes, and shirt, none of these where given to me by my family Ms. Edmund gave them to me, well, Mrs. Lawrence now. They were a birthday gift when my family had forgotten again. I'm so used to that. Hoager was coming behind me I knew because of that STUPID beeping sound, he then pushed me slightly when I was closing my locker and I took a deep breath looking at him. \"Nerd Alert, Nerd Alert!\" I looked at him with an expression that simply expressed 'This is getting old.' \"So farm boy think you can beat me?\" I clenched my jaw and began to walk out of the locker room and out to the field. \"I don't think I can win…\" Hoager laughed \"So you are finally notecing that I'm way better…\" I turned around and looked at him. \"The thing is I don't think I'm going to win… Because I KNOW I'm going to win.\" I turned around and began walking out to the field and took my place I saw the benches filled with my opponents family, people coming from other Towns and I looked around to see if I saw my family, and oh look they aren't here, even if I mentioned it to dad. I looked at the crowd and then I spotted HER Leslie, proof I wasn't crazy she stood there in the benches wearing shades. I smiled brightly I wondered what she was doing here. I noticed she talk to these adults and there was two little boys next to her, Maybe she was here to see someone and that was her family. I stretched slightly and looked at her again, just to make sure she was actually standing there. I heard the coach yell to take our places so we all did, we heard the 'On your marks, get set...' then I heard the gun shot that indicated that we began the race so we all started running I kept my speed down during the beginning of the race I smiled slightly then nearing the half of the race I began to pick up my speed, going by all the guys that had begun to get tired, then I went by Fulcher and then Hoager and then there was this guy from out of town who was actually in first place I then took a deep breath and then began to pick up speed and at the last minute i passed him and crossed the finish line, i stopped a couple of feet ahead of the finish line and I took a deep breaths and some sweat had built up on my for head and I stretched and smiled. \"Yes!\" I saw the people get off the benches to se there children, friends, brothers, or even their boyfriend. I frowned slightly as they all congratulated the runners. I sighed then I saw Leslie she was walking towards me, I smiled brightly, then I rapidly whipped the smile off my face when I noticed her smile and her eyes weren't directed to me, when I turned to look at who it was for, she looked at the guy behind me, the guy who had ALMOST beat that gold medal out of my grasp. She walked right by me as if I wasn't there and hugged him. Everything happened in slow motion in my head, it was actually kind of funny. I thought well thats her adoptive bro- My train of thought was literally cut off when I saw them kiss and my jaw clenched a the coach came over to me. \"Jess Aarons! Look at how far you've made it! Now get over there and get on that 1st place step!\" I was upset but I smiled at him and made my way to the steps and got on the first place step it felt great to see Hoager on that 3rd place step and I looked besides me at the 2nd place step and I saw the guy that Leslie kissed and I looked away when they called me and put my medal on me and I smiled I've been waiting for this for so long. We waited for their family members to take pictures then we got down I grabbed their hands and raised them up high and smiled brightly, it was a fake smile but I did it for show. Then I saw everyone go their way so I was starting to head out my way. Then I felt some one grab my shoulder when I turned around I saw it was Leslie and I smiled. \"Hey!\" she smiled up at me \"Congratulations, I didn't know you ran.\" I shrugged. \"A little bit.\" \"A little bit?! You just won that golden medal!\" I chuckled slightly. \"Its the first one I've won…\" I turned around and began walking over to the locker rooms. \"You beat my boyfriend…\" I stopped slightly and then continued walking I looked back and smiled, once more a fake smile. \"Yeah, I noticed he was your boyfriend.\" She frowned slightly. \"I know your fake smiling. How? I don't know… I just do.\" I turned to look at her. \"Because you were my best friend.\" \"Don't say were… Because we are going to be best friends again.\" I smiled slightly and went into the locker rooms. I took off my shirt the went for my pants until I saw Leslie walk in so I stopped pulling down my pants. I looked at her. \"Really?! Do you walk into guys bathroom often?\" She giggled slightly and that was very adorable. \"No, not really. I just wanted to make sure, if we were still going to meet tonight?\" I smiled and nodded. \"Of course, I wouldn't miss it for the world.\" She smiled then walked out. I undressed showered and walked to my house when I got home I had the gold medal around my neck and I walked into my house and my parents weren't here I stayed here did my regular chores then they came home and they saw me like nothing and went into the house and spread out as usual. \"So where were you, Jess?\" My father spoke to me I didn't look at him and i didn't respond either. \"Hey, I'm talking to you! You missed your sisters play!\" I looked at him my face angry, I was hurt I grabbed the golden medal from my pocket and threw it at his chest. \"Thats what I was doing wining my first golden medal, ALONE, without my family there to support me watching the rest of my opponents be congratulated and taken pictures of!\" I walked out and heard my father say \"Shit!\" then my mother yell at my father. I could hear my father \"It was that or watch May Belle?!\" then i heard mom say \"And you didn't tell me so I couldn't pick Jess! Today isn't May Belles opening night that was the day before yesterday! and we were there!\" I sighed I saw that it was night time so I ran to the Bridge I was so angry at my dad, he had always favored all of my sisters over me I sighed as I looked at the river and sat there waiting for Leslie then a few minutes later she showed up and I smiled walking over to her she hugged me and I hugged back taking in a deep breath of her scent. I then walked her over to the old abandoned truck and she looked at it then at me as in trying to reach into her brain to find a file to see if she could remember. \"I feel like I'm having a Déjà Vu…\" I smiled as her eyes watered with tears. \"I don't know why I'm crying…\" I went over to her and I pulled her close and hugged her. Then we heard steps from behind us and we turned and it was him, Leslie's boyfriend. He looked angry at me. \"Annabelle?\" Leslie's eyes were wide as she pushed me back and took a step away from me.[Chapter 4] Leslie looked over at her boyfriend then back at me and then at him. \"Jonas, hold on I can explain.\" He looked at her he was furious. \"Explain?! What are you going to explain, that you came over here in the middle of the night to see this guy! Its clear to me you're cheating on me!\" Leslie sighed slightly. \"Jonas its not what you th-\" before she could finish he had begun to run off Leslie looked at him her face was filled with anguish. \"Jonas!\" Leslie began going after her and I grabbed her arm and looked at her. \"Where are you going?\" Leslie looked back at me. \"Jess I have to go get him, I'll come back tomorrow…. Maybe…\" She released her self from my grasp that 'maybe' was like a blow to my heart, it hurt so badly I lost her once and now knowing that she was alive I couldn't let her go. I paced back and forth where I was, as i said to my self \"Don't go after her…\" over and over to my self. Then when I saw her shadow almost fade into the dark background I sighed deeply. \"Damn it!\" I then began running after her and seeing her shadow back into view then she was still pretty far but I saw her and Jonas stop a little bit ahead and they were fighting I could hear them. I stopped a couple of feet away from them and Jonas looked at me and glared then Leslie looked at me then at Jonas. Jonas went over to Jess pushing past Leslie. \"I don't know who the hell you are but you better stay away from my girl.\" I raised my hands slightly as if a cop had aimed a gun at me. \"Okay I'm not staying away from Le…Annabelle, you don't have to get all jealo-\" Before I could finish my sentence the guy literally punched my face I saw blood splatter out of my mouth and all I heard was Leslie yell my name and sprint towards me. I was fine it hurt but it wasn't that bad I spit out the blood that had pilled in my mouth and Looked at him. \"I'm the only person from Annabelle's past, as in before she was adopted.\" He then looked slightly guilty but still glared at me. \"Were you her boyfriend?\" I sighed rolling my eyes. \"NO! I was just her best friend we were 10 years old the last thing we thought of when we were that age was dating someone.\" Jonas then went back to looking guilty once more and then looked down. \"Now you know what I was doing all the way over here.\" Leslie had spoken to Jonas as she looked at me, well at the blood that dripped out of my mouth, she reached into her back pocket and handed me a handkerchief that she had, so i could clean off the blood. I grabbed it and wiped my self clean. \"I'm sorry man, I just though that Annabelle and you were seeing each other as in like lovers. Okay, you can punch me back.\" I chuckled slightly looking at him. \"I'm not a fighter, I wont hit you just because you hit me, though I will tell you something you should trust her.\" Leslie looked at him and nodded. \"I did, but heres the thing, what if she snuck out on you, not told you where she was going and you follow her and find her with another man.\" I took a deep breath. \"I wouldn't assume anything I would confront her about it… And talk….\" He looked down and scratched the back of his head. \"I'm terribly sorry…\" I looked over at him and patted his shoulder and smiled. \"Its okay…\" I turned over to Leslie and I smiled at her. \"Are we meeting tomorrow?\" Leslie had opened her mouth to speak but was immediately interrupted by Jonas. \"You know Jess… I think that… You guys shouldn't meet anymore and I me-\" I turned around and interrupted him before he continued putting his foot further into his mouth. \"Okay, Jonas first of all, that isn't your decision to make, its Leslie's… I mean Annabelle's. Second of all you have no idea what it feels like losing a friend from one day to another and feeling guilty for 6 years, then after wards finding out she's alive! Do you honestly think that I would just let her go so easily?!\" He looked slightly shock but surprisingly spoke back. \"Well she is my girlfriend and I don't fancy her coming over here in the middle of the night to meet up with some guy!\" I took a step closer to him and looked down at him. \"I am not just 'some guy' I am her best friend and you know what I wouldn't care if you came along I am not going to stop you we aren't doing something that you can't see I'm just showing her some things from her past to see if she remembers and it kind of works because when she saw just a small bit of it she teared up… I'm only trying to help with her memories…\" He took a defensive look then glared up at me. \"Well Annabelle doesn't need her past she is just fine how she is right now!\" \"Well I am her past and she might not need me… But i really do need her!\" Leslie came in between both of us pushing us both apart and looked back and forth from me and Jonas. \"Okay, I don't need either of you to decide anything for me because I am my own living, thinking human being! Jonas, I do need my past you don't make choices for me, I am going to keep meeting up with Jess, he is also right you can come along I wouldn't mind we aren't doing anything you can't see.\" She was looking at Jonas while speaking then she looked over at me to speak to me. \"Jess… Thank you for being patient with Jonas and what not, but you don't make choices for me either, its my choice to remember or not, and I really do want to remember, you are right, but please take it slow, and it was really sweet for you to say that you needed me thank you, but both of you chill out and stop fighting please I need both of you right now…\" She reached up placed her arms around our necks and pulled us in close and kissed our cheeks. \"I'll chill Lesl- Annabelle\" She smiled at me then looked at Jonas, he sighed deeply and nodded. \"I'll chill…\" he looked at me \"Just one more question, what do you keep calling her?\" I looked over at Jonas and Leslie released us from her grasp and she looked up at me. \"Explain to him Jess.\" I nodded slightly \"Her birth name is Leslie Burke and I am Jess Aarons.\" He raised his eyebrow. \"Jess Aarons… Jess Aaro… I knew I recognized you from some where your the kid that took that golden medal from me.\" I sighed slightly he was going to make a big deal out of me beating him by a landslide. \"Oh man that was awesome how you just smoothly went by me with barely breaking a sweat!\" He grabbed my hand and pulled me into a hug I raised my eyebrow and hugged him back. Leslie had looked at the time and sighed. \"Jonas we have to go back its already pretty late.\" Jonas nodded Leslie hugged me good bye and they walked off I saw Leslie head into a neighborhood not much far a head, all this time she wasn't even that far away from me and I never even knew all she had to do was live over the river and go to a completely different school from mine and done she disappeared for ever. I watched them disappear and then I jogged back to my house I snuck in through the window and when I went into my bedroom I smiled and I still could't believe that she was alive and she was still as sweet as I could remember. I shut my window and turned around and the first thing I see is my father sitting down on my bed I looked at him and the smile that was on my face was gone. \"Where the hell were you?!\" I raised my eyebrow at him. \"Do I need to give you an explanation?\" He stood up to look at me. \"Since you live in my house you owe me explanations of everything you do!\" I looked at my father and slightly clenched my jaw. \"I was out meeting with people that actually went to see me race!\" I looked at me his face never changed when he was with me he had always looked at me with those same cold eyes. \"I was out watching your sister!\" \"An thats an excuse?! You chose May Belle over me OH what a shocker! I was never loved by you I have always been last to be loved by you I was never first on your list! No matter how hard I tried to make you proud I always came last to any of my sisters to you and mom! I can't believe my own music teacher and her husband who have NO fucking children have been a better parents to me than both you and mom! I can't wait to turn 18 and get out of this hell hole you assume I call my home!\" I walked past my father and down the stairs and went out of my house and began to run, I just kept running I don't know where I was going It began to rain and I just ran I didn't want to go back home. That was the last place I wanted to go.[Chapter 5] I continued to run I was already soaking wet with the rain, I had ended up running to Mrs. Lawrance's house I stood there in front of her door on her porch as I looked down at the ground my hair dripping water on to the ground all in my view was my soaking pants, shoes, clenched fists, and my dripping wet shirt that stuck to my chest I took a deep breath and placed my finger on the bell and gently pushed it hearing the little song ring across her home and steps scurrying to the door and lights flickered on the porch and then she opened the door, her deep blue eyes expressed shocked to see me there. \"Jess?\" I heard her say then I heard Mr. Lawrance come up behind with a shock expressing gasp and I looked at her my jaw clenched, and my view then began to slightly fog up, they were being filled with tears. So I wouldn't cry I rushed into their arms leaning my head mostly on Mr. Lawrance's shoulder and I took a deep breath I felt Mrs. Lawrance leave rushing, then my right hand hung there, she then came back and I felt a soft and warm towel on my shoulders then she wrapped it gently around me. I felt them move me further into their home and sat me down on a wooden chair of course I understood how on the earth would they dry their couch if I sat there. Then they brought me some hot chocolate and they just sat there in their sofa looking at me waiting for me to speak first of course. I finally looked up at them and held the empty mug in my hands and I smiled slightly apologetic. \"I'm sorry I came here at this time… I just had a fight with my dad and it didn't really turn out so good and the first place I thought of to come was here…\" Mrs. Lawrance placed her hand on my knee and rubbed it slightly. \"Thats okay Jess, Your always welcome here right Hector?\" Mr. Lawrance nodded slightly. \"Of course you are, your like a son to us.\" I smiled slightly at them this time I was grateful with that smile. \"Its just, you guys have been more parents to me than my real parents… You guys some day will make the greatest parents ever.\" They looked at each other and Mrs. Lawrance leaned on Mr. awrance's shoulder and he gently combed her hair with his fingers and they smiled and they both said in perfect sync. \"We sure hope so.\" I smiled they were like soul mates they looked so perfect for each other. I felt a little pushy by asking what I was about to ask but I did so I really didn't want to go back home, I really didn't wish to see my parents faces, I didn't want to spend another second in that hell hole, I just couldn't stand it. I crossed my fingers slightly when Mr. Lawrance took the mug out of my hands took it to the kitchen and came back to take his rightful place next to Mrs. Lawrance, I kind of envied them to be honest, how happy they were, the way they looked at each other, I really wish to have that in the future. Back to what I was going to ask them I opened my mouth to speak but Mr. Lawrance spoke before I could. \"Jess, if you want you can stay here for a while, you know maybe until things cool off at your home.\" Mrs. Lawrance looked at him I though she was going to protest but she smiled then looked at me, I smiled brightly looking at both of them. I just remember being younger and wishing they were my real parents. After a couple of minutes of talking explaining to her what had happened not getting into the details of Leslie. When I told them I won my first gold medal their faces light up and they clapped slightly congratulated me and smiled and let me continue speaking. I told them I went out for a walk, just to get some fresh air and stayed out slightly passed the time I should have gotten back at, so when I snuck inside my house my father was in my room and began a short but kind of painful fight with him. They patted me slightly handed me a change of clothe. Mrs. Lawrance placed some sheets on the sofa, and on top of that left a blanket and a pillow. \"Okay you're going to be sleeping right here you can go change in the bathroom up stairs 2 door to your right.\" I nodded headed up the stairs changed out of my wet clothe left them to dry hanged on the shower curtains, grabbed some toothpaste and a toothbrush that they had given me, brushed my teeth headed down the stairs and got into the sofa, wrapped my self in the sweet fresh smelling blankets and shut my eyes and went down like a rock. When I opened my eyes the sun was sneaking in through the curtains that covered the big window in their living room, then I could smell some cooking in the kitchen, before I went out to the kitchen to snack on something I stood up open the blinds to let the room be filled with some light, this was like my fantasy of a happy family. House smelling like delicious cooking, beautiful house, great parents, and being an only child, but of course I wasn't born into the Lawrance family I was born into the Aarons family. I chucked slightly at my silly fantasy I walked into the kitchen and I heard Mrs. Lawrance beautiful singing voice, she sang a pretty song to go along with the morning, I chuckled and sat down at the table and she turned around and saw me and smiled. \"Oh good morning, Jess. Pancakes, Or waffles?\" I raised my eyebrow at her. \"How am I supposed to choose between them?\" She smiled at me and placed both pancakes and waffles on to a plate. \"Then both.\" She put the plate in front of me set one up for her self with and one for Mr. Lawrance who was just coming down the stairs. She placed Jug of Coffee and another of Orange juice in the center of the table and next to that a plate with bacon, another with eggs, and another with toast. This REALLY was like a fantasy. We all dug down on everything after doing our prayer. We then moved on to the living room chatted a bit and they suddenly decided to play random instruments and sing and of course I went along with it Mrs. Lawrance's music class was always my favorite part of the day and having it on a Saturday was even better. After a while of living out my fantasy of being Jess Lawrance it was time to go back to my actual life and nightmare of living as Jess Aarons. \"I have to go home now Mr. and Mrs. Lawrance…\" Mr Lawrance looked at me and so did Mrs. Lawrance and they smiled and once more they did that speaking in perfect sync together. \"Calls us Hector and Amy.\" I chuckled slightly it was so weird how they did that. I reached for a hand shake and the pulled me in for a hug. I smiled hugging them back of course. \"Thank you for being the parents I never had….\" they then released me and I smiled and walked away and out of their home as I was standing on the pavement I looked back at them as they stood on the porch I waved at them and I walked off back to my own home. I stood in the yard and sighed deeply. \"…I'm back where I belong…\" I walked around did my chores i started out side, yup I was stalling, I didn't want to go back inside. When I finally finished the chores I had to do outside I looked at the house as if i was entering the gate of hell and sighed walking inside the house I could hear them all talking and chatting, but of course as soon as I walked into the house the chatting and clanking of forks diving into plates dead stopped as if it was planned directly out from a movie script. Then their eyes were on me. My mom stood up and came over to me and hugged me. \"You had me worried sick.\" I didn't really hug her back I just stood there with her arms awkwardly wrapped around me. \"Uh… You shouldn't I was fine…\" My father of course came over to me as soon as mom let go of me and then the chatting and eating sound resumed. \"Can I talk to you Jess…\" I looked at him. \"Don't think I have a choice…\" He clenched his jaw and we went up stairs into May Belled room and into my small corner of the room that was basically just a blanket dividing May Belles giant room from my corner. We sat down on the bed and then I looked at him. \"Well talk…\" He looked at me. \"Okay first of all I deserve my respect Jess Aarons.\" \"Well when you earn it maybe I will give it to you…\" He clenched his fist and took a deep breath. \"I am not a bad father to you, its just your little sister needs a bit more attention. I'm sorry for missing out on your big race, but May Belle really wanted me there at her play.\" I looked out the window. \"Okay dad… she doesn't need more attention I think you should give equal attention to your kids you have all your daughters on the top of your list and look who's bottom the boy.\" I then looked at him. \"You know, May Belle wanted you there, but what about me, I also wanted you there, I wanted you and my family there to cheer me on to victory, but of course I came last as always… I just want you to take a look at my so called room… My so called Space, then look at my sisters room all of them…. Okay now look at my chore list, then look at their chore list, hm OH right they don't have one. I'm not saying you're a bad father, but you don't really get the father of the year award in my eyes you know…. The only moment that you were a great father to me was when Leslie died you were there to support me… But thats it…\" I looked out the window and then looked at the watch on my small night stand and stood up. \"I have to go…\" I had to go meet Leslie and her boyfriend at Terabithia. When I was about to leave dad stopped me I looked down at him and raised my eyebrow he stood up from the bed and looked at me. \"You aren't going any where Jess Aarons you are staying right here, doing the rest of chores, and get a head start on tomorrows chores because you ain't going any where any time soon… You are grounded….\" He began to walk out of my room. \"What?! You can't ground me!\" He turned around to look at me. \"AS LONG AS YOU LIVE UNDER MY ROOF YOU DO AS I SAY!\" He yelled at me his face RED, out of anger, when he finished he just stormed out I was shocked I have seen him angry at me but not like this, I sat back down and sighed deeply, I looked at my window and shrugged I'll just sneak out then walked to it when I tried to open it, I couldn't it. When i got down to see why I couldn't open it, he had nailed it down I groaned deeply and punched the wall breaking to the light cover of plaster then sighed, I was going to have to fix that later. I layer down on my bed and decided to try and fall asleep and I did. In the middle of the night I heard a tapping that woke me up I sat up and stretched slightly and then the tapping got a bit more persistent when I turned around to look at my window, where the tapping was coming from, I saw Leslie she was outside my window, how? I have no idea… I went over to the window. \"What the hell are you doing?!\" I whispered slightly She giggled she was on a ladder my dad left there. \"I found it strange you didn't show so we came out here I guessed this was your house since the mail box says Aarons… Open the window!\" \"I can't my dad nailed it so I wouldn't get out…\" She sighed slightly and them smiled, she had an idea then I just saw her head disappear out of my view, in other words she was going down the ladder.[Chapter 6] As I saw her go down I waited for her to come back up as I sat on the bed. After a minute or two I saw her head pop up in the window I went over to her and as she lifted her hand he held a hammer and she grabbed the nails with the opposite end of the hammer, not the one use for hammering the one horizontally from it. I smiled looking at her as she removed the last nail and I opened the window for her and helped her climb in she fell into my arms, She didn't even look up at me as I stared down at her. She straightened her self and looked around slightly at my small portion of May Belle's room and she looked at me and cleaned her hands putting the hammer down on my night stand. I looked out the window to see if Jason came up the window but he didn't. \"Wheres Jason?\" \"Oh he couldn't come on his way home rain started pouring down on him and he got really sick. I told him I was still coming and he was okay with it.\" I nodded slightly and closed the window behind her and she looked a tad disappointed. \"So this is your side of a room?\" She said as she pulled the blanket that separated my space from May Belles and she leaned her puckered lips slightly to the right in disappointed. \"Why does she get the bigger half?\" I walked up behind her, easing the blanket from her grip and let it fall back. \"Because she's daddy's little girl.\" She walked over to my twin size bed and sat down on it. \"Can you show me anything from in here that can maybe jog my memory?\" I thought for a second and went to my night stand and opened a drawer inside were a bunch of scattered papers and one of them stood out because it wasn't my hand writing, it was Leslie's when the teacher found out I lost Leslie she had given me her Essay, the one I actually loved because of all the detail in it. I handed it over to her and she looked at it shocked. I saw her eyes scroll through her one page essay and her mouth fall open. \"This is me… I am Leslie Burke… I wrote an essay exactly like this one, word by word everything is exactly the same… I have never gone scuba diving…\" I smiled slightly and sat next to her. \"I was a little it skeptical over if I really was this Leslie now I'm sure…\" She looked over at me a bright smile on her face her eyes filled with tears, she put the essay aside and then she hugged me I smiled brightly and hugged her back I loved the feeling of her arms around me it felt so damn good. She looked up at me and the smile on her face gently disappeared and I was slowly leaning down to kiss her and as soon as our lips were inches from touching she pulled away from me and stood up. \"So ummm… Yeah anything else you might want to show me? Or you can just tell me some stuff…\" I was left with my mouth wanting a kiss, I had never really kissed anyone now that I thought about it. I stood up from my bed and looked at her. \"Umm… In our school there was a bully her name was Janice, Ironically a good friend of mine now, well basically we wanted to get back at her for being mean and what not so we wrote her a love letter from the 'cutest' guy in the school, it said she was the prettiest girl in the school, and that he wanted to give her a ride home. Then we left it at her desk and we ran for it, then we watched her talk to the guy and he left her behind then she got on the bus and left with us. We laughed but then the next day we heard her crying in the bathroom then I made you go in to talk to her and she told you that her dad beat her.\" She looked at me and in her face I could see she was trying really hard to remember everything. She sighed deeply and threw herself on the bed. \"This all sounds familiar but I get nothing! I don't remember it ever happening…\" She was so upset about it she looked at my ceiling and placed her hands over her eyes and just laid there I sat next to her and looked at her. \"You have to be patient, and try extremely hard…\" She sat up looking at me. \"I am trying really hard! Its like your telling me a movie I never watched and I'm trying to remember it!\" I smiled slightly and brushed her hair with my fingers and she looked at my eyes. \"Okay Les…. Annabelle why don't you tell me about, some dreams that you may remember from long ago, you being a kid, I don't care how crazy they might sound.\" She took a deep breath and nodded then she focused. \"Oh… One of my favorite dreams ever, was of when I had recently gotten adopted by my parents. The first night I stayed at their house as Annabelle, I fell asleep and I went into this beautiful world and I had a crown, I fought against these beeping things, and some birds. My mortal enemy was this dark shadow. I was always with this boy…\" she trailed off as she looked at me and her mouth fell open. \"You… You're that boy! You were the king with me! Ah!\" She yelped in happiness and she glomped me on to my bed she ended up on top of me my face was a deep shade of red, she then realized why she was doing and she rapidly got off of me. She gently cleared her throat and looked at me with a bright smile on her face. \"I do remember you! From a dream I guess it was my brain trying to get me to realize who I was in a way that didn't freaked me out I guess. This makes me so happy!\" She jumped off of the bed and continued to walk around in circles, she was thinking. \"The note we left for Janice!\" I raised my eyebrow. \"Yeah?\" \"I dreamt of something like that! Except it was an Ogre giant type thing and then we befriended her because she caught you from falling off of our castle!\" I got off my bed looking at her. \"Leslie that actually happened!\" She tilted her head on to the right with a baffled look on it. \"Not the being caught by a giant. The part about me falling off of our castle.\" She held my shoulders. \"We have a castle?!\" I chuckled lightly looking at her. \"More like a tree house, Its called Terabithia…\" She jumped up in excitement. \"Oh we have to go see it right now! I have to go! Maybe I can remember all of this when I see Terabithia! I'll remember everything!\" \"Whoa, Whoa, whoa, Annabelle I don't want you to get your hopes up by this, its not 100% bullet proof that this will work I just want you to take that in alright.\" I looked at the time on my silly little clock on my night stand. \"Its a little late for that already…\" She was staring at me her face was red. \"In my dreams I used to have the biggest crush on you… I always wished you were real. Here you are so real, but of course grown up, not like in my dreams…\" She placed her hands on my chest, my face was all red, my heart was beating quickly I felt like it wanted to jump out of my chest she stepped into me and leaned her head on my chest, gently placing her ear to my chest. \"I can hear your heart beating…\" She tapped the rhythm of my heart on my chest with her fingers and I smiled wrapping my arms around her gently. Placing my lips and nose on the top of her head and shutting my eyes. Taking in a deep breath of her sweet scent. I opened my eyes and looked at her when I felt her move her head a tad back, she looked up at me with her deep blue eyes, she was breathing deeply I saw her get a bit more up to my height, I guess she had gotten on her tippy toes. I gently leaned down to her and she slowly leaned up towards me we were inches away from kissing, I was yearning for this so badly, we were almost there her lips were about to touch mine. Then all of a sudden May Belle bursted in pulling the sheets that separated my side from hers. \"Whats with all the noise Jess…\" She saw Leslie and her mouth fell open. I looked at her and so did Leslie, when she realized she was about to kiss me she pulled away from me and looked at May Belle. May Belle looked shocked, no words escaped her mouth which was Shocking because May Belle never shut up. She couldn't believe her eyes, someone she thought dead standing in my room about to kiss me, yeah about to. I just wished she would have interrupted just a little bit later. I walked over to her. \"May Belle, don't screa-\" I stopped mid sentence she interrupted me. \"DADD-!\" Before she could finish saying daddy I covered her mouth. \"May Belle please don't.\" She didn't look at me she looked at Leslie her eyes completely wide.[Chapter 7] Me and Leslie sat down with May Belle and talked a bit, about how things weren't easy to explain so we just made it a long story short 'She's Alive… But no one can know about it.' May Belle was still in shock she actually stared at Leslie and I chuckled slightly at her face, she looked sleepy, and her mouth was wide open of shock. I turned to look at Leslie. \"Did I look like that?\" Leslie smiled and giggled nodding slightly. \"Now May Belle I want you to go to sleep and just keep this as our little secrete, okay?\" May Belle finally looked at me and nodded she walked back to her bed constantly looking back and forth from Leslie to where she was walking. Leslie stood up from my bed and I was sort of thankful that May Belle didn't ask about the almost kiss. Leslie looked at the time then looked at me. \"I have to go.\" She spoke in a low tone of voice and went over to the window she was climbing out and before she could leave I grabbed her arm and looked at her. \"Leslie, were not done talking…\" She looked at me and made me release her arm. \"Yes we are, Jess.\" I clenched my jaw and pulled her back into the room. \"No we aren't! You wanted to kiss me!\" She looked at me. \"Don't say that!\" \"What? That you wanted to kiss me!\" She pushed me. \"Shut up!\" I looked down at her. \"LESLIE BURKE YOU WANTED TO KISS ME!\" She started pounding her fists on my chest. \"Shut up, Shut up, Shut up! You can't say that!\" She was glaring up at me now. \"Please Jess, I'm really confused. I was just remembering the guy that I liked from my dreams… You aren't him.\" I raised my eyebrow. \"Of course thats me! You said it.\" \"No! He is an image of you, I had a crush on someone who isn't real!\" I clenched my jaw grabbed her face and kissed her by force at first she was punching my shoulders and then her punches got softer until they turned into light touches then a grasp. She was gently kissing me back, this was so delicious I have wanted this for so long, and she tasted so sweet like strawberries. After a while of us making out in the middle of my room i think I went a little far when my hands slid down to her waist at that moment she pushed me off of her, her face red, I had no idea if she was embarrassed or angry. She didn't speak a single word just left through my window. I watched her leave my heart beating quickly I held on to my chest and sat down on my bed face palming. What was I going to do, she was angry at me how was I supposed to see her once more, she wasn't going to show up for tomorrow night. I sighed and went to sleep, the next day I woke up ad May Belle was staring at me as I slept when I saw her I jumped slightly not really expecting her to be there. \"What the hell May Belle?!\" \"Jess! Finally your awake!\" I sat up rubbing the sleep out of my eyes and opening them to look at her. \"What do you want?\" She got closer to me and she whispered gently. \"Did I really see Leslie last night?\" I sighed deeply and nodded. \"But I want you to shut up about it!\" She nodded. \"Did you guys kiss?\" I shoved her off slightly. \"No, thanks to you!\" She pouted. \"Its not my fault!\" \"Yes it is! You should have minded your own business!\" I got up from my bed, got ready, ignored May Belle and went to school as usual took the bus and got to school with Janice. \"I kissed someone…\" Janice then looked at me with shock, I couldn't help it I had to tell someone, I wasn't going to tell her who she was. \"You kissed someone?! Bull! Who!?\" I chuckled slightly. \"I'm not spilling who, but it was the best feeling ever she tasted so good, and it was everything I imagined.\" I looked over at Janice, her face looked, pouty. Like she wasn't happy. \"But she pushed me off before I could finish savoring it, I just wish she gave me a little bit more time.\" \"So you kissed her without her wanting, Its good that she pushed you away.\" I looked at her and chuckled hugging her tightly and nudging the top of her head. \"Your supposed to be on my side!\" She giggled slightly and pulled me off of her and I looked at her smiling. \"Jess…\" I raised my eyebrow at her and she placed her hand on my cheek I looked at her hand from the corner of my eyes and before I knew it she was kissing me, my eyes grew wide and I pulled away from her. \"What the heck are you doing?!\" Janice looked at me her face deep red of embarrassment. \"I wanted to kiss you, was I as good as her?\" I made a face. \"Janice, you're more of a friend to me… Like a siste-\" Before I could finish she stood up the bus stopped and she left he bus. \"Janice!\" I sighed deeply and face palmed. I stood up and went after her I was real fast runner so I caught up to her. \"Janice! Whats wrong with you!\" She pushed me off, she was really strong. \"Because I have a crush on you, and you never notice, then you have the nerve to tell you kissed someone, and then you tell me I wasn't as good!\" I held her shoulders, \"You are good… Its just I don't feel for you, like i feel for her, she's everything to me.\" Janice's jaw clenched tightly and shoved me away and went away, I sighed slightly I just hoped she would get over everything by the end of the day, she was my only friend. I walked into school the day went by pretty dull because, well I didn't talk to anyone and what not. After school I was in the locker rooms, I was going to see the girls run, what? I'm a guy I like to watch. So I just went for a jog and I was changing and Hoager as always came over to me shut the locker in my face and I glared at him. \"You only beat me, yesterday because I was tired.\" I laughed in his face. \"Bull! I'm faster now! You won't take another gold medal from me ever, Hoager!\" His face grew angry and went on to punch me but I moved away and he ended up punching the lockers behind me. \"AH!\" He grabbed his hand and leaned down then I pushed him away and I smiled walking out of the locker room and went out to the benches, I looked around it was filled with people, I saw Jonas and rapidly looked over at the field and saw her stretching at the field I smiled brightly I looked at her, she looked damn sexy in her running tights and pony tail, then I saw Janice walking up to the field. I raised my eyebrow why was she dressed for track and field, she doesn't run. I sighed deeply. I saw Leslie looking at Janice, her mouth fell open. Then I saw Janice look at Leslie and Janice's eyes went wide, she turned to look at me she knew I was here, Leslie followed Janice's eyes and looked at me and glared. Then she looked at Janice her face showed recognition, she knew who she was then I read Leslie's lips, they said. \"Nice feet.\" Janice looked at her and her eyes narrowed, Leslie as always smiled and looked at me she was happy she remembered something without my help. Then the coach yelled the get ready mark. They all did getting ready, Janice looked at everyone and did the same, then the gun shot was heard and they began running. I was watching Leslie run, it was a really long run, then suddenly when My eyes trailed off to Janice who was slowing down, then back to Leslie who had a solid lead in first place I sheered for Leslie, yelling. \"GO ANNABELLE!\" that called Jonas's attention and he came over to me and that was a mistake after kissing Leslie I wasn't going to able to look at him the same way. \"Hey, you knew she was coming? Did she tell you last night?\" I chuckled awkwardly looking at him. \"Um no I came to see the girls.\" He laughed and sat down next to me. \"She's great isn't she?\" I looked at Jonas and nodded. \"Yeah, she was always really fast.\" I trailed away from Leslie and looked at Janice she was starting to tumble and then I saw her fall face planting on to the ground I stood up. \"Janice!\" Jonas stood up after me. \"Is she your girlfriend?\" I looked at him and didn't answer and ran down to the field. The race finished and people came over to see. I was trying to give her some air trying to refresh her, then Leslie's parents gave me a piece of board to try and give her some air, but she wasn't reacting. I entered in panic.[Chapter 8] I had picked up Janice from the ground and began to carry her but Leslie's adoptive parents stopped me, her father jiggled her keys slightly. \"I can take you to a hospital.\" I nodded I was very grateful that they were so nice to me. I carried Janice over to their mini van and put her inside laying down, even though I was very worried about Janice some how I couldn't take my eyes off of Leslie, who was also constantly looking at me. I got into the car and sat down next to Leslie since Janice laid down on the third row. We awkwardly sat there in silence. \"Thank you for being very nice, and Congratulations on wining that golden medal.\" Leslie smiled and her parents spoke to me. \"Its not a problem its our pleasure to help.\" It was dead silence from that point over to the hospital, so I just awaited patiently and desperately to get out of that car, I hated the awkwardness, and the fact that I couldn't stop staring at leslie and her parents looked at me then at her through the review mirror. We got to the hospital and I rapidly got down with Janice in my arms into the hospital nurses and doctors took her away from my hands and carried her in a gurney. I sat down in the waiting room Leslie and her parents talked for a while and they kissed the top of her head and they headed out, she looked at me and sat down next to me in the waiting room and sighed. \"Don't get excited, I still haven't forgiven you for the kiss…\" I looked over at her. \"I'm really sorry, I just… I got so mad how you said 'You had a crush on someone who doesn't exist' yet I'm standing right here in front of you, the kid from your dreams.\" Leslie didn't speak to me she just stayed quite, she wouldn't even look at me, her fists were clenched tightly. I stared at her awaiting her reply but I got nothing from her I sighed and just looked away and after a few minutes she spoke \"I don't want to believe thats you…\" I looked over at you and raised my eyebrow, I didn't want to speak afraid that she would just stay even more silent for way longer. \"Because I have always had feelings for that kid in my dreams and I don't want to believe its you because I love Jonas and I want to stay faithful… But yet when you kissed me I felt him, that kid, and I just melted in your hands like an idiot!\" she placed her hands on her face and rested her elbows on her knees. I leaned over to her, \"I'm sorry Leslie, I won't ever do that again, I just… I never stopped feeling that way for you, thats all, there was never another person and when I saw you I just wanted to make you mine but never did it go through my head that you would have found someone else…\" I leaned away from her and back into my chair. There was this silence between us that was killing me I hated not knowing the right words to say to her. It hurt me also that I was hurting her, she didn't like when I kissed her it made her feel awful about being with me while being with Jonas. All these things were sorting through my head, what was the best thing to do, how could I stop hurting her more than I have already hurt her. Her life it was probably perfect before she got here, except for that piece of memory always missing from her past but she should just leave it be, just not scratch that wall, maybe I shouldn't have came into her life, maybe I should just exit it now before I make everything worse before I'm in to deep to pull my self out. After an hour or two the doctors told us that Janice was awake and she could take visitors now we went into the room both me an Leslie, Leslie's eyes were red from the pressure of her palms to her face. \"Hey, Janice.\" I said as soon as I saw her droopy eyes flutter open when se heard the door, she smiled when she saw me but when Leslie walk through the door her smile just flopped down. \"Hey, Jess\" her voice was low and hoarse, she looked over at Leslie then at me, and her eyes just went back and forth from bot of us. \"Is that…\" before she finished her sentence I put my finger on her lip and nodded. \"But just keep it between us.\" She nodded. She didn't speak another word but I knew the questions she had. When did I find her? How was it? Was she the girl I kissed? Does she remember anything? Why doesn't she?So i just slowly answered each and everyone of them with a short brief explanation. \"I should have guessed she was the one you kissed, she's your Leslie, the only girl you've ever loved, and in your eyes she's everything and every other girl is nothing.\" I heard that sentence and remembered what I said earlier and I sighed. \"Janice you know th-\" Before I could finish my sentence the nurse came in and told us it was time to leave I sighed, then me and Leslie walked out. Leslie was biting her lower lip just meaning she was trying to think about what to say. \"So I'm your everything?\" I looked at her. \"Of course you are you always were you alway will be.\" We continued walking over to my house because we needed to take the trail back to the bridge so she could get back to her home. All of a sudden a giant rain began to pour down on us and we started running we then got to my house and she saw the house she lived in before she lost all her memories. She stared at it. \"Can we go in?\" I smiled slightly and nodded. \"We went over to it and walked inside through an open window it was abandoned but some how looked so neat and un touched. I couldn't stop staring at her she looked so sexy at those moments, she was wearing her tight track clothe, she was soaking wet, and we were alone in a an abandoned house, I walked up behind her and grabbed her waist and she gasped. \"Jess what re you doing?!\" She was going to move away but she couldn't I held her waist tightly. I moved her wet hair from her neck and gently started to kiss it. She gasped leaning her head the opposite way where I liked and she blushed I could see it. She clenched her fist and moved away from me looking over at me. \"Jess stop it, this isn't funny we talked about this!\" I looked at her, I wasn't thinking with the right head at the moment. I went over to her grabbed her by the waist once more and pulled her close, she looked up at me. \"Jess stop it!\" She was trying to pull away from me, but she couldn't and placed my hand over her eyes and whispered. \"Just pretend I'm the kid from your dreams again, fall in love with me all over again Leslie Burke. Just how you loved me years ago, please, just for one night, give me what I want.\" At that moment I knew I had her she wrapped her arms around my neck, I removed my hand from her eyes, the grip I had on her waist became lose, I didn't do anything I just looked down at her, we stood there bodies so close to each other, wet and panting from the running, at these moment she was mine, I had her dancing in the palm of my hands she was like hypnotized. I leaned down and kissed her her grip around me became tighter and I kissed her my tongue gently sliding into her mouth and swirling around hers and I sucked on her tongue ever so slightly then I felt her take the lead and tug on my lips sucking on them sliding her tongue around them and then she roughly bit them, it made me flinch but I liked it. I felt shivers down my spine I love it I felt my self getting aroused and I felt the hair on her body stand up. I picked her up and layer her down on the floor and continued to kiss her I slid my one of my hands inside her tight wet tank top sliding them up to her breast and rubbing them I herd her gasp gently and her heart was racing quickly i trailed my kiss down to her neck and licked it and sucked on her neck leaving a hickey on her by accident i slid my free hand down to her shorts and slowly began to pull them down I looked up at Leslie her eyes were still shut, as I pulled down her shorts her underwear went with them I bit my lower lip as I saw her un touched skin being revealed.[Chapter 9] She shoved me away and stepped back she bumped into someone, when she did chains clashing against one and other sounded, she jumped slightly out of the shock of feeling a presence behind her, to me it was just a black blur and when she went to turn around it had already disappeared. \"W-what was that?\" She expressed shocked when she looked at me. I didn't speak I just looked at the spot where that weird figure stood, I gulped slightly and clenched my fist. \"I have no idea what on earth that was.\" I looked over at her. \"….Anyways I have to go home….\" I nodded gently and began walking back to my home and I felt her grab on my arm, stoping me from leaving. I look back at her my eyebrows raised as I walk back to her. \"What?\" She was looking down, \"I don't want to walk home alone, I'm afraid, of what ever that was.\" I chuckled slightly, even though I was afraid of it to I try not show it because I want to be strong for her. \"Okay I'll walk you home.\" She smiled slightly and she walked in front of me as I followed her trying to process what the hell that thing was. \"You know that probably was just something straight out of our imagination.\" \"Out of BOTH our imaginations? Two different minds, seeing the same hallucination?\" I walk up next to her. \"If once when we were younger, our minds could have been connected, whats so wrong with our minds being connected now?\" I saw the small half smile creeping up in her face and I nudge her. \"Just relax, it was probably our imagination..\" She didn't look at me she just looked at her feet as she walked. \"How could two people think, and see the same thing when it was in their imagination?\" I take a deep breath and I shrugged. \"Maybe we were meant for each other?\" She looked at me with a face that said 'Seriously?' in a mocking kind of way not a realization kind of way of course. I shrugged and raised my hands as if to say 'My bad.' from that point on we walked in silence not really directing a word to each other but silence usually spoke for itself, we were both thinking if that thing was really our imagination or something that was actually there. We reach her front porch she says goodbye to me and she walks into her hem, her parents greeting her with a warm hello, they wave at me and I politely wave back to them and then we move on to walk to my home. I couldn't get that blurry, black figure out of my mind as I walked away from Leslie's home and city. As I walk through the woods I can' help but try and recall where I have seen this figure. \"….Jess….\" I heard a whisper say in a rushing by bass. I shivered and looked around to see what that was, I swear I'm going insane. \"What the hell?!\" I take a deep breath and I walk, as the blur rushed past me, chain clanking and crashing against one and other making that hair standing creepy sound of chains being dragged. \"…. I'm right here….\" The whisper said once more. At the moment I realized where it came from, it was that blur. The breath has been drawn out of my lungs when I realize this, I was shocked, I know who it is, or what it is. I feel my heart at my throat now, how could this be possible he was just supposed to be a figment of my Imagination, I couldn't understand where he came from. He once more stepped by me passing, though he was looking straight at me with those cold looking red eyes I saw his lips moving saying \"you created me Jess…\" I looked at where he went, I couldn't make out words, this was impossible, this couldn't be, this wasn't possible. My brain couldn't make out anything. I was now just looking around, looking for that figure, I could only see him running past me, or away from me, I was beginning to get dizzy as I felt, IT grip me and, it was humming a lullaby as if he was rocking me to sleep, I slipped out of consciousness and then my eyes just shut and I was out. I think I was out for a while when my father found me, I wasn't that far away from the bridge. I looked at him my eyes widening as I sat up and slid away from him as I sat up looking around. \"Jess?\" I looked at him I was in shock, he was looking at me strange, as if I was insane. \"I'm sorry dad, I don't know what happened…\" He looked at me and helped me up. \"I knew I would find you here. Where have you been since yesterday, I hadn't seen you after school, I told you, you were grounded, you are not supposed to leave the house without my permission, you go to school, come back, not go off and don't come home!\" I hated being given a lecture in the middle of the woods I rolled my eyes at him then I walked passed him not saying a word jus trying to think if anything that happened yesterday was real or not. \"Jess Aarons ARE you listening to me.\" I clenched my fist and turned around. \"GOD YES I AM STOP YAMERING I GET IT JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!\" I sighed deeply and started running back home I ran as fast as I could away from him, I was so tired of my after I just wanted to get away from him, but I couldn't not until I turn 18, just two more years, just two more years. I got home walked in, I sneezed and I walked up the stairs and layer on my bed, my throat felt itchy, the room was cold, and i could swear I had a fever. Apparently when May Belle came in to heck on me I was burning up. My father did't come up to see me, mom brought me my food, but I wasn't in the mood to eat at all. I curled up into a ball and shut my eyes, I was out for the rest of the day, I could barely move, the next day I was wide awake, I still felt like crap but I got up got dressed and went to school I had missed out the previous day. Janice was on the bus and I sat next to her as I always do, when I sat down, she didn't even look at me. \"Janice?\" She didn't answer. \"Can you please just talk to me… Your my friend and I need you.\" she looked at me anger was flooding her eyes I could see it. \"You need me? You have HER because apparently I wasn't good enough of a friend for you to have told me that you found her again! Am I that un important next to her for you? I felt you that you were a little distant these couple of day and when I saw her out on that running field I knew, I just knew you had found her! Now that she's back, I'm nothing to you now aren't i?!\" I didn't know what to say I never noticed that I was getting away from Janice, i wasn't trying that. I guess she get it though, she sensed everything. I couldn't help it I felt Janice was slipping away from me, my only friend was slowly slipping away, before I knew it I was hugging her tightly against my chest. \"Don't do this Janice, you are my only friend and I love you. I'm sorry i can't respond to your feelings but its just, your like my older sister I can't love you or see you that way.\" Janice hugged me back and buried her face into my fest then I felt warmth seeping through my shirt, she was crying. I held her tightly and kissed the top of her head. \"I love you Janice…\" Janice spoke in a muffled voice still face first on my shirt. \"i love you to Jess.\" The bus came to a stop and we got down Janice eyes were red and puffy, and her nose was also red, she held my hand tightly. \"Janice… My hand.\" She looked at me with these two brown pleading eyes. \"Let me hold it, just for a little while.\" I half smiled and let her be up until we got into the school building, the bus had gotten us to the school a little late and as soon as we walked into the building the bell rang, she hugged me goodbye and we went our separate ways to our classrooms.[Chapter 10] I was walking down the hall when I saw Leslie's parents including Leslie in the school office I raised an eyebrow and walked into the Office where Leslie sat with her parents. \"Hey, what are you guys doing here?\" I shook Leslie's adoptive fathers hand and then lightly shook her mothers and hers. Leslie looked at me then spoke. \"Well my dad bought the house next to yours, and he got a job offer right here in this town before that, and they are going to have to put me in a school thats near here.\" I gave a surprising a smile. \"What about Jonas?\" Leslie squinted her eyes slightly and looked at him. \"Were keeping a relationship he's going to come over as much as he can using the bridge you built.\" Her parents looked at him with intrigue and her mother spoke. \"You built a bridge?\" I scratched the back of my head and looked at her. \"Uh… yeah when was 10.\" they looked impressed by my building skills at suck a young age. \"Oh don't thinks its SO amazing, I had a bit of help with a fallen tree, i just nailed some wood and stuff.\" I smiled a little awkward as they looked at me. Leslie then spoke in a cocky manner. \"No need to worry about me and Jonas, Jess were still going to be together.\" I clenched my jaw slightly and shrugged gently. \"In fact I hope to be the best man at your wedding some day.\" I smiled slightly as he parents looked from back and forth from both of us as we spoke, when I mentioned a wedding i saw leslie make a face, the bell rang for us to sit our asses down in our desks, so I just waved to them and I walked away with a wide smile on my face and chuckled on my way out. At the end of the day I was laying on the ground on the field thats near the bridge and then a presence of someone looking at me from the near by tire that hung from the tree, I opened my eyes and then sat up to look at the tree and their she was the rays of the sun hitting her golden locks as she swung leaning back on the tire as she smiled, and remembered the first time we swung on the rope that let us cross the river, thats exactly how she looked. I stood up and went over to her. \"Some how I feel like your stalking me.\" she came to a stop and looked at me. \"You wish I was stalking you lover boy.\" I raised my eyebrow \"Lover boy? Really?\" She smiled, that smile that I will never get tired of seeing. \"Yeah because, you love me…. Some how for all these years…\" I shrugged slightly looking at the blue sky. \"Its hard to let go of someone you love especially when they died without you knowing…\" She had stood up and stood next to me. \"But I'm not dead.\" I looked at her with my big blues that shined in the sun. \"But all these years I could never let you go, and now that I have you, I really can't let you go…\" My face was pretty serious I imagine as I loosed at her because her face was soft and in shock, she then wrapped her arms around me and held me tightly. \"Why do you always say thing like that?\" I wrapped my arms around her also. \"Why? Because I say what I think when I'm around you. Not only because I care about you, but because I love you.\" Leslie buried her face into my chest and I kissed the top of her head. I heard the grass behind me and I turned my head slightly and saw Janice, she smiled at me, half hearted smile. \"Leslie, I want you to meet the first person you recognized.\" Leslie looked up at me then where my head faced, she let go of me and went over to her. \"So your Janice…\" Janice smiled and nodded, she didn't speak of course because she was very confused she looked at me as if waiting for an explanation. I began explaining what happened and how Leslie found me. Janice noted and stood next to me holding my arm. \"So why did you say 'Nice feet' to me?\" said Janice squinting her eyes at her, Leslie's face was concentrated on how Janice held me and then they trailed back to look at Janice, I chuckled slightly as Leslie looked at me knowing I had known what she was thinking. \"Well, I'm sorry I just remembered you from when you stopped me from using the bathroom when we were in school.\" She shrugged slightly and looked at me again squinting her eyes at me. \"So, Janice her name isn't Leslie now, her name is Annabelle\" Janice nodded looking up at me, Leslie's pocket rang and she read through the screen and sighed slightly. \"I have to go help my parents pack, I'll be back tomorrow alright?\" I smiled brightly. \"I will always be waiting at our bridge for you…\" She hid a smile, a victorious one for Janice, out of jealousy, and walked off waving good bye at Janice. I looked down at Janice. \"Now you and I need to have a talk.\" Janice looked down, not at me, I sat down on the ground looking at her and paying the space next to me. \"Take a seat.\" Janice slowly sat next to me as she looked at the sky then back at me, then I just followed up with a simple,\"Why?\" Janice looked over to meet my eyes. \"Why what?\" I took a deep breath. \"Why would you fall in love with me?\" she then removed her eyes from mine and looked down at her hands and played with her fingers fiddling around with her thumbs. \"I don't know, when we were ten you were so un attractive, and younger than me. I couldn't like you because you were so young, then you lost Leslie, and your face changed you were serious and so different and matured so quickly. Then you started growing up and your face got in tuned and so… hot and then I realized I liked you. Not just because your attractive because you were so much more mature than Hoager or anyone else in your grade.\" She looked up from her hands and looked at me. I took a deep breath and looked away from her when she looked at me. \"I'm sorry… I know I couldn't respond to you're feelings, but I don't want to lose you as my friend, you are my only friend.\" Janice leaned over to me and grabbed my hand. \"Can't you try? We can make this work, I mean we have been friends for ye-\" I cut her off by removing my hands from hers and grabbing her shoulders. \"Janice, don't make this harder than it already is… I don't love you like that, you are like a sister to me, a good one, one that puts me before herself, I can never love you more than that, not just because your my best friend, but because I have never gotten over Leslie.\" Janice's face hardened and her eyes floded with tears and they just threaten to fall out of her eyes. \"Why?! Why?! JUST BECAUSE SHES PRETTIER! AM I NOT GOOD ENOUGH!\" I didn't speak I didn't want to hurt her more, I didn't know what to do, I just wanted her to be quite, I just wanted her to chill out, I just wanted her to stay with me, I couldn't let my only friend slip away then I made the biggest mistake I have ever made in my life, I grabbed her by the face and pulled her in for a kiss, but I wan't thinking it was her I was thinking of Leslie I kissed her as if it was her, she kissed me back and there I felt it it wasn't Leslie. I parted my lips from hers and looked at her breathing in deeply. Then my second biggest mistake right here when I spoke. \"I'll try to be with you….\" her face lit up and she hugged me tightly, I knew I was going to regret this but I couldn't lose my best friend...[Chapter 11] I was walking Janice home as she held my hand a wide smile on her face, I didn't speak she wouldn't stop she was talking about how she had always like me, since I turned 14. I wasn't listening to be honest I dozed off and then when I realized she was in front of me at her house, and she was shaking me to snap back to reality. \"Jess! Kiss me good bye.\" I scrunched up my nose I didn't want to kiss her, it didn't feel like when I killed Leslie. She didn't give me those butterflies Leslie gave me. I leaned down and kiss her cheek avoiding her puckered lips, she raised her eyebrow opening her eyes. \"Your not supposed to ki-\" I cut her off by walking off once more. \"I said I would try… I can't kiss you just yet…\" She grabbed my arm so I wouldn't leave. \"You kissed me back there!\" I bit my lower lip and looked down. \"Because I was thinking of Leslie….\" I felt her let go of me and I didn't look back at her. \"I'm sorry…\" \"You said you would try…\" I finally looked back at her and my eyes were a bit foggy with tears. \"Because I didn't want to lose you… I felt like if I didn't try to be with you… I would lose the only friend.\" She looked down and smiled gently. \"I still want you to try, just until tomorrow, this time tomorrow if you don't feel like you can be with me, then it'll be okay…\" I nodded and I just walked off. I couldn't think straight I jogged to Mr. and Mrs. Lawrance house and knocked on the door, Mr. Lawrance answered and I looked at him. \"Oh hey, Jess. Uh Amy is not here.\" \"Its okay I think it would be better to talk to you.\" he looked a little shocked as he fixed his glasses stepped aside to let me in, so I did we both went to the kitchen and sat at the table. \"Want something to drink? Eat?\" I looked at him and nodded. \"I would love some water…\" Mr. Lawrance stood up and got me some water and handed it to me and I took a sip he sat down straight across from me. \"So what do you need Jess?\" I took a deep breath and played with my fingers and looked at my reflection in the water. \"I uh… Made the biggest mistake of my life at the moment…\" I couldn't see his facial reaction because I didn't look at him. \"Thats a bit of an exaggeration don't you think?\" I din't pause and I barely let him speak as I told him everything even about Leslie, I told him how we thought she was dead, how I found her, what I did to Janice, everything. \"It makes me feel horrible, I got her hopes up and minutes later I broke them down, now she wants me to be with her until tomorrow, I won't ever want o be with her the way she wants it, how am I supposed to tell her that.\" He sat back in the chair as I looked up at him, he looked shocked by everything I said and then took a deep breath and let it all out. \"Looks like you got your self in some predicament there Jess.\" I face palmed gently and my eyes fogged up again. \"What should I do?\" I heard him breath and lean on to the table. \"Well… I have never gotten my self into something similar to that… But you should, sit her down, talk to her and tell her what you think truly… Talk to her properly and calmly..\" I looked at him I wasn't sure if that might work, I've tried it so many time but it never worked, but I was willing to try it one last time and then I heard Amy walk in I looked back at her and my eyes were teary and she walked over to me. \"Oh my are you okay?\" I smiled and nodded. \"i just came here because I needed advice…\" She looked from me to Mr. Lawrance, and I explained to her everything then she nodded. \"Well Hector is correct, if she hasn't listened to you, you have to make her listen it sounds harsh but its true. She can't make you love her the way she wishes….\" I nodded and twiddled with my thumbs gently and bit my lower lip. \"One more thing… Me and Leslie saw someone int he woods yesterday… Something… And it followed me and chased me and talked to me.. Im not sure if I'm insane, but when Leslie bumped into it and asked me what that was I knew that, that thing was real…\" I looked at them and they looked shocked they grabbed my hand and I forgot I hadn't told Mrs. Lawrance about Leslie. \"Jess, Leslie's gone.\" \"No, no, Mrs. Lawrance, she's alive I found her in the bridge that I built…\" Mrs. Lawrance and Mr. Lawrance looked at each other they both thought I was crazy and I sighed, then I remembered I could prove it and I stood up. \"Lets go to my bridge! We'll go there and she will meet me there!\" They looked at me and smiled, a pitiful smile, I hated it I walked out of the kitchen and began walking the road until Mr. and Mrs. Lawrance called after me when I looked back they jingled their keys I noted awkwardly and I walked over to them getting into the back seat of their car then they drove over to where the trail needs and then they parked and got down to walk and Jess lead them to the bridge and they admired it. \"You built this?\" I looked at them and nodded. \"I had help from a fallen tree.\" I smiled and walked over the bridge and they followed we stood there for a while waiting for Leslie. She wasn't showing I clenched my fist and I felt Mrs. Lawrance grab my arm and I pulled away. \"No she's supposed to be here! She always is!\" \"Jess, maybe, maybe you just imagined her because you miss-\" I just cut her off by seeking over her. \"I'm not crazy! I know she's alive! I saw her, Janice saw her, May Belle saw her! I a-\" I heard rushing foot steps behind me and a crying Leslie immersed from the shadows she hugged me. \"Jess! Oh God Jess! Someone was chasing me! A black blur, chains were behind me, I didn't understand. I think Im insane!\" I held her and hushed her slightly. \"No, no you aren't I saw it to.\" I looked back to Mr. and Mrs. Lawrance and they looked shocked and then Mrs. Lawrance spoke up. \"Leslie… Is that you?\" Leslie looked at her and then at me. \"Who is she?\" \"She is our old music teacher…\" Leslie looked at her and then at him. \"You were the ones trying to tell Jess he imagined me?\" they looked at little ashamed. \"You have to understand Leslie we all thought you were dead, then Jess came to us with what he saw in the woods, of course we would have thought that he needed help..\" Leslie nodded and laid her head on my chest and smiled. \"I would have thought the same way to.\" i saw her smile and so did I, for a second there I actually thought that I imagined everything I actually thought that i have gone insane and I imagined everything… Now I know that it wasn't true she actually is alive and she is here.[Chapter 12] Mrs. Lawrance walked over to Leslie as I hushed her gently and brushed her hair out of her face then I heard another pair of rushing footsteps I pulled Leslie and Amy behind me, and I felt Hector coming up to see whom it was. When I saw it wasn't the dark big blur that chased me I sighed of relief. It was Jonas, his cheek was red, and his eyes, he had been crying, even pleading. \"GO AWAY! I told you to leave me ALONE!\" I looked at Leslie who was behind me then I looked over at Jonas. \"Annie, come on! I told you I didn't want that to happen!\" \"Oh sure she made you stick your tongue all the way to her trachea!\" She did a smug remark and she glared at him. \"You know what I actually felt guilty about something…\" Jonas looked confused, and I looked back at Leslie I knew what she was about to say. \"I made out just like you did! But not with YOUR damn best friend! You snogged Haley! My best friend!\" \"Would you get to the point Annabelle!\" I looked back at Leslie. \"Leslie what the hell are you doing?\" Leslie stepped out from behind me and now was in front of me looking over at Jonas. \"I snogged Jess here, I snogged him SO badly!\" Jonas looked at me with a raging look and pushed through Leslie and then suddenly jumped on me all I could feel was the punch to my face and knocking me down on my back, I was angry my self how could he get angry when he has been doing the same thing to her? I flipped and I got on top of him and then I started punching back my fist colliding with his face I could feel the cracking of his nose the first time my fist clashed. Then I could feel Hector pulling me off of him and then I saw Jonas scrambling to his feet his nose filled with blood and he held it, I forced Hector to let go of me and I stood firmly. \"Now you know, who knows how long you have been doing this behind her back! You know you deserve it! LEAVE HER ALONE! She doesn't want to be with you she doesn't want to see you leave!\" \"Leave? YOU met Annabelle barely days ago, you don't know her! Come on Annabelle, lets go back home you have to continue packing. \" Jonas was about to grab Leslie by her arm and I was going to destroy him once more if he touched her, but then I saw how Hector put his hand on Jonas chest to hold him back. \"Listen, lets just do things in peace. You should go back to your home and Leslie will do as she wishes you are not dragging her any where…\" Jonas looked over at Hector. \"Who the hell are you?\" Hector fixed his glasses and looked at Jason. \"I'm Hector Lawrance. I recommend you go back or I will NOT stop Jess when you touch Leslie…\" Jason clenched his jaw shook Hector off and went his own way. \"Why don't we go back to my home?\" Amy said as Leslie was crying on her shoulder, Amy looked over at Hector then nodded. They all walked to their car and drove back to their home. We sat at their diner and we were drinking some hot chocolate and taking explaining things in full detail. \"I can't believe I was with him! I trusted them, I trusted them both!\" Amy rubbed Leslie's back. \"Well Leslie, You have to kiss a couple of frogs before you get to a prince…\" Amy looked at Hector and smiled, I saw this and it made me feel so heart warming because it was just so beautiful how they were just meant to be together, I know they aren't perfect I mean everyone knows that, but they let everyone to believe that they are. Amy and Hector went to the kitchen an they started to cook. I looked at Leslie and I held her hand gently and she looked at me my grip tighten around hers and I looked back at her. \"You know you shouldn't have done that…\" Leslie raised her eyebrow and then she looked down a but ashamed. \"Why would you bring me into that? I mean I know it happened I know he cheated, but you didn't have to throw it at him out of spite.\" Leslie still didn't look at me. \"I know, I know… I just don't know what got into me. `I just wanted him to feel like I did… I was mad… I gave him everything, I loved him till the end.\" I slowly slid my hand out of hers and I smiled. \"Its okay, I guess I understand.\" I looked at the time then looked at Leslie. \"But now we ca-\" I cut her off all of a sudden. \"No… This is not the way I want it to be… I don't want to be plate of second hand…\" \"You aren't! The thing is I've always loved you… But I also loved him… You, were like my childhood crush… He was my first kiss\" I chuckled and looked at her. \"Ironic, were my first everything, you even are my first love and you always will be. I just want things between us to go as friends first, I don't want you to take me in because Jonas cheated, I want you to fall for me the correct way. All these kisses and all this time I've been feeling over whelmed, I've wanted these for a VERY long time. You on the other hand, who's acting for you is Leslie. I want to get to now Annabelle to. I only know the Leslie I knew when I was 10, I have to know YOU.\" I saw her smile brightly and nodded. \"Alright… I agree there Jess.\" I then saw Amy and Hector walking in with a homemade pizza in a platter, you could see the steam rolling off of it. They put it on the table and Amy started chopping off some slices and putting them on plates, Hector had eft then came back wit some drinks for everyone and then sat down along with everyone and then they all started eating. \"Oh my, you guys are amazing cooks!\" Amy and Hector look t each other and chuckled. \"Hardly a homemade pizza is simple.\" I chuckled as I talked with my mouth full, well I am ill mannered. \"Are you kidding you guys are great cooks!\" I looked over at Leslie. \"I Stayed here once and they made the best breakfast I have ever had, these people should open there own diner!\" Amy and Hector chuckled looking at each other. \"Well when you have nothing better to do you pick up some tricks from the internet, you know watching some cooking shows, videos, things like that.\" Amy said covering her mouth s she spoke. Then Hector looked at me. \"And we aren't afraid to taste new things.\" We laughed and talked as we finished that entire pizza which was delicious by the way, up until I started walking Leslie home. We were walking over my bridge and we were walking then we heard it, the chains the low whispers, Leslie held me tightly and then it whispered. \"…Together again…. How romantic….\" Leslie held me tighter and looked up at me. \"Jess what is that?!\" I looked down at her I tried to show that I wasn't scared. \"I don't know Leslie.\" Then the worst happened that figure stood in front of means he looked me straight in the eyes, he had these deep yellow eyes. I couldn't see anything but that, his eyes. Then all of a sudden I heard him talk. \"You silly children… You created me… How is it you don't know who I am?'' I held Leslie tightly but shielded her with my body. \"Listen just leave us alone.\" \"Oh… Leave my creators never….\" Leslie looked at him. \"We didn't create you! We can't create living things other than babies!\" The black blur disappeared with the sound of chains and it now was facing Leslie. \"… You created me… and even Terabithia…\" I turned us over so I can look at him and Leslie was once more behind me. \"What do you mean by that?Terabithia is real?\" I managed to choke out. \"… Of course when you believe… Things come into reality… Even the most evil…\" He suddenly smiled a creepy, wide yellowed smile. Then she suddenly vanished and Leslie held me tightly and I walked her to her home. \"Jess… What did he mean?\" I looked down at her. \"We had wild imaginations… Maybe… Just maybe… We did create Terabithia… A long with its villain.\"[Chapter 13] I looked up at her, her eyes still shut then I leaned down I kissed her flat stomach, but I went upwards and kissed her again. Her eyes still shut she twirled us around and she was on top she had her hands on my stomach as she straddled me as she leaned her head back, I looked up at her and then I sighed deeply. I got her off of me and put her on the floor, and she finally opened her eyes to look at me. She seemed so confused, \"Whats going on? I thou-\" I cut her off before she could finish and sighed. \"No… I can't have you like this… You would be unfaithful and you don't want that… Hell I don't want that.\" Leslie looked at me and she grabbed my legs looking up at me lustfully I clenched my jaw and I got her off of me and I walked out of the house. I was walking under the rain I pulled my hair back what the hell was I doing this isn't what I want, I didn't want the sex I want her to love me! She walked out of the house and yelled for me. \"Jess! You can't leave me like this!\" I turned to look at here, Thank god she was fully dressed, a little messed up but dressed. \"I don't want to have you like that Leslie!\" She looked at me then down at the ground she looked ashamed. \"I don't know what got into my head…\" She said as she bit her lower lip. I sighed and I just turned my back to her and walked the usual road. \"I did… I got into your head and used your most precious memory…\" I heard her walk up to me and pull my arm. \"That most precious memory is about you…\" I looked at her and chuckled. \"I still used it against you… It wasn't right.\" Leslie looked down we didn't speak until we saw the usual trail and she looked at me. \"Race?\" I looked at her and nodded. \"Last one over the bridge?\" She nodded and we started to run once against the other. I was suddenly passed her in seconds and I crossed the bridge and she crossed a bit after me. I looked at her and smiled slightly, \"I guess I got a bit better than you over the years.\" She giggled and nodded. \"I guess you did.\" \"Can I walk you home?\" Leslie looked at me then looked at the dark woods and nodded. \"I would love that actually, but before that, take me to Terabithia.\" I looked at her and raised my eyebrow up high. \"You want to go there?\" She nodded then I walked the path that I should take to reach our tree house I saw Leslie looking around and smiling a bit, she seemed excited then we reached our old tree house she saw it and she smiled she put her hand on the tree then started to climb the ladder until she was on top. I watched her as she smiled as she looked at everything. She saw the old drawings that were still there, pages a bit yellowed yeah, but I left them there. \"Well?\" I heard Leslie laughing and then I saw her look down at me from the tree house. \"Well, this is a beautiful castle..\" I raised my eyebrow when she said that and I couldn't help but laugh. \"Beautiful? Its made with scrap wood… We don't even have people in our 'kingdom' \" I used air quotes on the word kingdom. \"What did you say? Don't say that about our kingdom they will be let down if they heard their king talking like that.\" I smiled a soft smile remembering when I had said something like that to her, but I told her to get her head out of the clouds and stop imagining things and then she came down and brought me back into the clouds. I laughed a bit at her. \"Come on Leslie stop playing. You need to go home.\" \"Oh come on Jess, you don't honestly think I'm playing, do you?\" she smiled and she climbed higher into the tree and then she spread her arms widely and then she yelled. \"Can you hear me?!\" and then a hush of wind suddenly blew and then I raised my eyebrow up high and looked around. She looked back at me and she moved her eyebrow up and down as if to say 'Huh,Huh? how about that?' I chuckled when I saw her do that, \"That was just luck…\" She puckered her lips to the side and then turned around again and raised her arms and yelled louder. \"I CANT HEAR YOU!\" The wind soared louder towards her and she looked back at me once more and I laughed, that was impossible, how could that happen, and exactly how it happened when we were younger. She came down from the tree and walked over to me. \"See Terabithia is real.\" \"Oh come on Leslie do you really think that its true?\" She shrugged gently and looked at me. \"I'd like to keep an open mind you know… Think everything is possible.\" We began to walk her back to her house. \"But an entire kingdom created by just our imagination?\" Leslie shrugged and then laughed a little. \"Maybe it does sound a bit crazy… I know, but how did that wind blow when I told it to?\" I looked towards where I walked and then I shrugged. \"Maybe it was just luck?\" Leslie looked over at me I could feel her eyes on me. \"Twice?\" I decided not to add anything else to the conversation it was just insane. While we walked I was thinking once more of what I almost made her do in her old house I gulped slightly and I tried to stop thinking about it because I was WAY to much for my brain to process. I really did wish I could do so many things to her, but I wanted her to love and enjoy it and have her eyes opened to look at me and not feel guilty after wards. We reached the usual spot where leave her off and I looked at her and leaned on a tree and she smiled at me. She was panting and she looked, sexy what ever comes over me when were alone was coming over me now she looked, incredible. I looked down at her tight track pants and I remembered what I saw in the house and I grabbed her by her waist and pulled her in and kissed her she started kissing me back and I clenched my fingers around her waist and then I opened my eyes a bit and I saw a black blur I was obviously picturing things that weren't there, I had been shutting my eyes way to tight. Well I am so sorry about this I had never noticed the HUGE mistake I made with chapter 9 I feel so silly and stupid but heres the real Chapter 9 enjoy this[Chapter 14] p style=\"margin: 20px 0px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Trebuchet, sans-serif; line-height: 18px; text-align: justify;\"Leslie looked shocked. \"Thats not possible!\" Leslie looked scared desperate to know the answers she looked like she believed me but at the same time she didn't wish to. \"I don't know Leslie... We see him... Maybe he really is real, he said that if you believe in something strong enough you could bring it to life.\" Leslie bit her lower lip and buried her head in my chest. \"I feel like we're going insane Jess.\" I chuckled gently as I wrapped my arms around her and held her tightly. \"Yeah if our miss were connected and we hallucinated the exact same thing then maybe just maybe we are.\" Leslie giggled. \"If we go down we all go down together...\" I smiled as I heard a gentle sound of... bells? Leslie looked up at me with a confused face again and I clenched my jaw she heard it to. I looked around but saw nothing that resembled bells and Leslie looked around to and then a gentle swish of light passed our eyes and we followed it, it was a green glowing light. br /br /p ","Summary":" My name is Jess Aarons, its been 6 years since my best friend Leslie Burke died. Every day I miss h"},{"Movie":"Day After Tomorrow","Title":"Odyssey","Author":"Sputnik Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2162753","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hiya all! Sputnik here, retroactively adding a cheery greeting to this prologue. Also this is a polite little notice from me, in which I wish to inform you that can you please, if you read this chapter, read at least three more. This chapter is merely a set up to be paid off at the end of the tale, and if you judge the rest of 'Odyssey' entirely on this chapter then you are grasping entirely the wrong end of the stick, and you are truly judging a book by its cover. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Port Louis, Mauritius, 2057 It was May, the old woman reflected, standing on the balcony of her elegant colonial style house, but this did not excuse the fact that there was a light snow drifting from a cobalt blue sky. This was the tropical paradise of Mauritius; snow here was once something on TV, once something fun and treasured. But the landscape had changed much in fifty three years, gone were the waving palms on the beachfront, gone was the dense rainforest which should have been curving away into the distance to her right and left. Instead now stood the bones of a thick deciduous forest, and an inviting carpet of technicolour leaves clinging to the ground. And now this too was vanishing beneath the thin, clinging veil of the first snow of the season. The woman sighed, hugging her arms and staring out to a grey sea, foamy and wind-whipped. No more traditional fishing boats set out into those treacherous waters, in the first years after the world had changed the new conditions had swallowed many of the flimsy vessels with an almost contemptuous laziness. Now if any fishing was done, it was by a few powerful trawlers. Even the nature of the catch had changed. The thousands of tropical species – flora and fauna so varied and rich in number as to boggle the mind – had vanished within months. For many years the catch had been of species native to once more temperate waters, the large slow fish that had once been the foundation of many vanished economies, and were now the foundation for the new. As she watched, one of these trawlers powered its way away from the island, and out into the vast Indian Ocean, still the largest body of water in the planet that was not partly frozen in the colder months of the year. Even so, in the depths of winter large chunks of ice were plainly visible out to sea, having broken off from the vast southern ice cap and drifting in the currents to be melted once it reached near enough to the Equator for the temperature to finally reach a Mediterranean style climate. That however was many miles to the north, so the people of Mauritius, the natives and two million refugees and their descendents watched the ice float serenely by every winter, and only a few remembered a time when all had been different. Today was a day to think about the past, the lady thought as a light breeze whistled in off the sea, piercing her flowing night gown, sending a chill through her bones, and drawing a dull ache from her left arm. Yes, today was precisely the right day to think about all that had gone before them, after all, today there would be a funeral. And not just any funeral. It was the funeral of her husband, and her husband had been a very special man. Which is why Mauritius' few remaining hotels were currently all packed with people here for the biggest memorial service the island had seen for many a year. The man who would be buried today was a Saviour, one of those special breed of men who had gone into the frozen wastelands of both ends of the world to save the millions who had survived the Storm. And once that mighty task was completed, the were Saviours were to salvage from the wreckage of civilisation the tools and the knowledge to keep humanity going until at last the earth was ready to shake off its freezing cloak and humanity could once more claim the lands that it had lost. It was hard and dangerous work. Many Saviours had died, and still their work was not completed. But Saviours were not destined to grow old. Instead they toiled ceaselessly until Mother Nature lashed out and claimed another life to add to the toll of billions She had taken fifty-three years ago. But the man who was to buried today was different. He had not died in the field. He had worked and worked until finally he was able to retire. But years of perilous missions into the icy expanses had come with a fateful price. This Saviour had lived for a decade after his retirement but he was a tired pensioner for those ten years, old before his time for a man who should have been active and vital until his death many years from now. The old lady remembered with a secret, sad smile at just how alive he had once been, another lifetime ago, beneath the bright August moonlight that streamed through the bedroom window onto their bodies. Fifty-three years, but the memory was still as clear as a bell, undiluted by time and age, it was always with her. Just as the memories of the Storm would always be with her. Some things were too monumental to forget…[Chapter 2] Whoa! Reviews! Well, erm, cheers to Kai and subject2reality. Didn't really expect any reviews quite so soon, or ever since this has nothing really to do with the movie other than the weather. Still, what the Hades, at least some bugger likes it and that's what's important. However, if more people feel the need to review go ahead. You can even slate me for not having Sam or Laura or indeed any character from the movie in it, except possibly for good ol' President Blake, being thick on American TV, but that's for another chapter. Also, I am aware there are flocking birds in this chapter just like in the movie. Well, all I can say is 'Tough'. Just because it happened in America doesn't mean it can't happen in the rest of the world. Anyway read on… and for the love of God/Allah/Buddha/whoever (delete whichever is inappropriate) please review. And if I missed a deity in that last sentence DO NOT tell me. I am wrong and you are right and I feel no need to argue about it. Just assume we did argue and I lost. There. Happy? I bet you feel better already. PS www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 It was a sound unlike any other that caused Chris Emond to look up into the roiling November sky. It was an unearthly, alien sound that was instantly out of place in the Granite City, and along the entire length of the mile-long Union Street people stopped what they were doing and craned their necks skywards. The sight that greeted ten thousand people was something so awe-inspiring that for two minutes the normally bustling city centre of Aberdeen was still and silent but for that ghostly, piercing noise. People stood and stared and gaped at the sky, pointing to the spectacle that now gripped the attention of the city. Birds. Thousands, maybe millions of them, massed together in clusters so tight it was difficult to see the clouds through the dense flocks of swarming birds. They filled the sky from horizon to horizon, wings beating in almost perfect unison. Across the darkened sky they moved, flowing almost like oil on the dark surface of the stormy North Sea. It took ten minutes for the birds to pass, and the strange thing about it all was not one single bird diverted from its frantic course South. It was if every single one of them was following an invisible line in the sky, and not deviating in the slightest. Chris had seen birds flocking before in the summer at his home in Galashiels, on the border of Scotland and England, and not once had he seen behaviour like this. Not just the perfectly straight flight path, but the numbers of them, the speed they were going, the fact that not one of them was trying to eat or attack or hump another. All of these Chris had never seen before in his life, and that's what made it so skin-tinglingly spooky. And then they were gone. And the sky was hauntingly empty and suddenly silent. All that could be seen were the towering grey skies that skidded in from the north, bringing with them a steely chill that penetrated the granite buildings like a knife. Chris shivered, shook his head to dispel the eerie atmosphere which had descended upon the city, then looked at his watch and realised he was going to be late for work because of all this. He cursed, quietly so nobody on the street would hear him, then shoved his hands in his trouser pockets and began marching again down the pavement. Chris was – technically at least – a student doing a Masters degree in Film Studies at Aberdeen University, although his bank was under the impression that he was studying Contemporary and International Military History. Aberdeen University itself thought he lived in his old house three miles outside of Galashiels and kept sending their vaguely threatening letters to that address. Really he was very nearly broke, constantly on the run from the landlady who was demanding the rent from two months ago, and not at all happy with his life. But now he had got this job, and was finally raking in some sweet, sweet money. Sadly he was about to be late on his third day on the job. This was extraordinarily bad, since he had toiled for two months to get a crappy job serving tea and sandwiches at the freezing cold railway station. Chris knew he wasn't really cut out for a job that meant meeting hundreds of strangers every day. He didn't like having to smile and pretend that he was happy to serve these people expensive tea and coffee. He didn't like that he'd more or less starved in the two months since he'd got up here and run out of money, and as a result was now as skinny as a rake. He didn't like the fact that he couldn't afford hair wax and as result his dirty blond hair sat unstyled on top of his angular head. He didn't like that his mind was wandering off on crazy tangents like this when he was supposed to be hurrying to work. He laughed to himself at that last thought. Then the smile vanished from his face and he once again increased his speed. Moving fast helped keep the cold out, which was especially useful since he was dressed only in his company uniform of trousers and t-shirt, with just a thin jumper for insulation. Basically he was freezing, and he was just glad that the last week or so had seen temperatures much higher than normal, because he couldn't afford a decent coat, and even if he could, he kept up a committed 'sk8er' style and as such probably wouldn't be seen dead in a decent coat. It didn't really matter that he couldn't skate; it was the image that was important, despite frequent protestations that he didn't care what other people thought about him. That was more or less a lie, of course. He knew that practically everybody said that sooner or later. So he shivered in inadequate clothing, which even if he'd had the money to buy some more would remain just as inadequate but ever so fashionable; just a target for the mono-brain-celled Neds which roamed Scottish streets in their tracksuits searching for higher life forms to beat up and steal mobile phones from. Damn! He was slowing down again. Apparently he was unable to think and move swiftly at the same time. This wasn't good; he attributed it to the sparse diet of spaghetti and mints and a rare slice of cake or two he had been living off since September. By the time he reached the Millets Outdoor Store on the corner of Union Street and Union Terrace he was already late for work, and had forgotten the creepy exodus of birds which had held him – and the city – captive as the strangest thing anybody had ever seen. But right now all he could think about was how late he was and what his new boss would say.[Chapter 3] Hey, I'm back! Sorry for the six month (or whatever it is by now) layoff but I was back in Yorkshire for Christmas and New Year with no connection to t'internet. But in that time I have been doing a shitload of research which ought to mean this story has a bigger grounding in reality than it has any right to. Well in theory anyway, some of it may seem daft but as far as I can tell it's accurate-ish. Anyway, I have discovered the British Antarctic Survey website to be damned useful, and also I discovered an awful lot by reading ' The Coming Global Superstorm ' by Art Bell and Whitley Streiber (which you may or may not know was the book that inspired ' Day After Tomorrow ') and from now on in will be incorporating bits from that into this great story. Secondly, I appreciate the fact that a cautionary tale of the perilous state of our future climate is now technically set in the past. Well, tough, people still take lessons from ' 1984 ' and that passed all of twenty-one years ago. Other than that, thanks for reviewing those that have reviewed, and let me remind everyone that all characters in this are FICTIONAL and any resemblance to persons living or dead is a coincidence of such enormous magnitude that it will never happen again in your lifetime, or the lifetime of the next twenty-seven generations of your descendents, so chill the fuck out. Cheers! PS www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 CJ Greenough, stood in the window of the Millets Outdoor Store on the corner of Union Street and Bridge Street and currently arranging some incredibly expensive hiking boots so they would look incredibly tempting to buy to passing shoppers who would use them perhaps once in their lifetime, tapped heavily on the glass before him as he saw his flatmate scurry by. But Chris didn't see him, his head too low and his attention obviously too far away to pay any attention to the outside world. \"Bollocks to you then,\" CJ muttered, returning to his task of organising expensive boots to make them look expensive but still enticing. It was dull, and he was tempted to stick a pair of joke glasses on them or something. Not that he had any, but if he did, that would be the thing to do. He stood up and curtailed that trail of thought, since it was after all just a little bit sad. Instead he contorted his six foot three frame around the pictures of people grinning happily in their tents and hiking gear and slid back onto the shop floor. There were no customers in the shop. CJ gave a small smirk of satisfaction; customers were undeniably the very worst part of working in a shop. Only the previous afternoon a tracksuit-clad Ned# had asked him if the pair of hiking boots that he was waving in CJ's face came with shoelaces. CJ had grinned, suppressed the urge to shoot the fucking Ned in the face with a staple gun, and had said that of course they came with shoelaces sir, indeed in this modern era some even come with soles. The Ned had looked bewildered for a second, then left, obviously looking for someone to steal a mobile phone from, or maybe a teenage lady Ned to impregnate. Chris smiled at the memory. That particular customer had in fact been rather entertaining when compared to seventy-five percent of the Millets clientele. That seventy-five percent were sadly people who were actually interested in outdoor pursuits and frequently had an encyclopaedic knowledge of every last blasted detail of them. Whenever he was interrogated by one of these hardy looking individuals – all of whom had the bottoms of their sensible trousers tucked into thick woolly socks – CJ was struck by an irresistible desire to run down to the docks and swim to Norway. His vocabulary in relation to outdoor pursuits stretched to boots, tents, rucksacks, waterproofs and – if pushed – groundsheets. He hated this job, and usually this wasn't a problem. He'd hated jobs before, and had quit all of them, once after precisely four and half minutes spent in a busy restaurant up to his armpits in dirty plates. He'd quit jobs with absolutely no notice for the very slightest of reasons, usually to due to friction with a boss or unsociable hours. His CV, when he was required to write it down, took up two and half sides of A4 filled with dense, tiny writing. He had, in approximately four years of working life, been variously a cleaner, a barman, a handyman, a prison officer, a chef, a bouncer, a salesman for Vodafone, a waiter, a telesales operator and the man who collected all the 'personal waste' from the special bins in ladies toilets. All this had left him with was a varied collection of different coloured payslips and an aversion to strawberry lollies. But he had never had a problem with it, until now. The first reason was that he was, more or less, flat broke. Horribly overdrawn, owing the Student Loan Company a years worth of student loan, and with bills to pay now he lived in his own house rather than the relative luxury of student accommodation, he'd simply had to take the first thing he could get, and the job of 'Sales Assistant' at the Aberdeen branch of Millets Outdoor Stores Limited had been the first thing he could get. So he'd taken it. And the pay was very welcome, thank you, and in six months the pay would be significantly more since his minimum wage was going to go up. The second reason was three hundred miles away and approximately two hundred and thirty feet higher up above sea level. It was called Jenni and, after much thought on his part and rather more persuasion on hers, was causing him, apparently to grow up. It had taken twenty years and six months but here it was: maturity. He had a long term plan for the first time in his life, basically it was 1) Earn money to pay off debts, 2) Get back into University and actually turn up to lectures this time and 3) Graduate, get a real job, get a Career (capital C, very important there, CJ thought) make some money and proceed through life like a normal person. He hadn't wanted to even begin this plan, but after a while he thought that twenty and a half years was long enough to act like a prat, so he had gone to the job centre, asked the nice people there for employment anywhere within the Northern Hemisphere and had been shown this joint. Millets. And despite the itching sensation he got between his shoulder blades whenever he remembered he was embarking on a Plan he had been here all of a fortnight, and so far had not quit or been fired. He was quite proud of himself. He hated his job, but he was still here. At which point he groaned inwardly as he realised that he had actually thought that and seemingly meant it. He kicked the side of the display tent. This made him feel better. He had discovered the previous week that kicking various items of outdoor gear was incredibly cathartic and now did it whenever the job pissed him off, which was constantly. He just had to remember not to kick anything to hard, because if he broke it then it was coming out of his wages, basically. And stuff in here was so expensive he was surprised not to see customers' credit cards making a break for the door in fear. At which point he happened to glance sideways out the window and saw the huge grey clouds crowding the skies above the Granite City. They looked ominously like the kind of clouds that would pour shit weather down on Aberdeen. As he watched the first drops of rain splatted against the floor to ceiling windows. He cursed, not only would this draw people to Millets in their droves fro new cold weather gear, but he'd only brought his worn denim jacket with him to work this morning, given that it had been very nice for eight o'clock on a November Wednesday when he had left the house. This, he guessed, moving his window and craning his neck to look at the sky, was the beginning of this cold winter the Met Office had mentioned back in July. It was time, he reflected, to get the woolly hat out of storage when he got back home. Then he forgot about, and put on his best winning smile as a customer came into the shop. CJ looked at their feet. The customer's trousers were tucked into his socks. CJ's winning smile got bigger. #Ned. Noun. Abbreviation of No Education Delinquent or Non Educated Delinquent in the patios of the streets of Scotland. Generally a term used to refer to the lowest form of human life. Also know in the UK as Scallie, Townie or Southerner. Really. For non – UK residents try it on anyone wearing a tracksuit or hoody next time you come to this great country.[Chapter 4] Another chapter! Wow! Hope you people are appreciatin' this. And apparently, according to this fancy new hit-o-meter, you are. That's nice, truly it is but UNLESS YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK I CAN'T CORRECT ANYTHING YOU MAY NOT LIKE! So may I suggest in future you read this story and then… REVIEW IT! Thank you. Meanwhile, special thanks to Kai for a) reviewing twice and b) giving me a kick up the arse and encouraging me to post this here new chapter. Cheers! PS www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004[Chapter 5] Two chapters in quick succession! Wow! I'd make this wee intro sound smug but to be honest I'm humbly making up for not adding new chapters for months at a time. Hope y'all appreciated last chapter's shift from character development to panic on the streets of Aberdeen. Big hello to Kai, whoever you are. Thank you lots for reviewing and in future if there is something you do not understand email me because believe me I have enough time to answer any questions. For all you other people who I know are reading this tale of disaster FOR GOD'S SAKE REVIEW! It takes just a minute of your time and is incredibly valuable for all authors, not just me. But anyway, reviews or not I will keep writing, since I have the story more or less mapped out. Just y'all keep reading and reviewing, or at least start reviewing. Cheers! PS www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 \"Thank you, see you later,\" Chris said to the back of a smart businessman. He didn't mean it, of course. Like all retail personnel he hated customers, without doubt the very worst part of this line of work. Not even the shitty money or the crappy hours were worse than damned customers. To a man they were stupid, rude and annoying. If it weren't for the fact that the manager would fire him he would have no problem emptying the boiling contents of the tea machine over the head of every single bastard customer that pissed him off, which is to say all of them. \"Cheer up it might never happen,\" said a voice from behind him. Chris turned to find he was looking at thin air. Then he remembered who he was talking to and lowered his gaze. \"Hi, Kathy,\" he said. \"Hi, yourself,\" came the tart reply. \"Have you seen the weather outside?\" \"No.\" \"Well, guess what. It's raining.\" Chris looked up his co-worker up and down, or rather down and further down, and conceded that yes, she did look soaked through. As Kathy shrugged off her coat she kept talking to Chris in a conversational manner. \"I think there's some sort of riot up on Union Street,\" she chattered away as Chris glanced round the serving area to make sure there was no obvious dirt, mould or vermin to put the customers off. \"Oh?\" Chris said, successfully disguising the fact he hadn't really been listening. \"Yeah,\" Kathy replied, tying up her apron strings as she wandered back into the serving area. \"Big bangs and yelling and sirens and everything.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Guess you dodged a bullet there then.\" \"Mm.\" \"Your hair is on fire.\" \"Mm… what?\" \"Nice to see you're staying alert,\" Kathy said with a grin. \"Now, how's business been?\" \"Dead.\" \"Good, good.\" A pause, as she drew in a deep breath, mockingly getting ready for a busy shift. \"Okay, I'll take over here and you can go give all the tables a wipe.\" \"Right.\" He whipped out a cloth from the sink, and with a considerable lack of enthusiasm began clearing the Formica table of tea stains and various light dustings of sugar and breadcrumbs. As he did so on the edge of hearing he could make out the sound of a barrage of sirens. But there was no way he could find out what was happening, he was stuck in this place until his break, still two hours away. God he was bored. Part of him kind of wished that the Rangers fans were in town again. Last time that had happened the police had come round to warn them to be wary of the blue-shirted thugs that would pour off the trains just a few yards away at midday, then go to Pittodrie, watch the match versus Aberdeen, get drunk causing chaos throughout the city, then arrive drunk and disorderly at about nine o'clock leaving behind a wake of beer and broken noses. That day had been quite exciting, even the manager had emerged from his self-imposed exile in his office. So yes it had made the walk back home a little hairy and the police had been an almost permanent fixture in the pub that adjoined his café, dragging out drunken violent headcases at regular intervals. Suddenly there was a tremendous roll of thunder that crashed over even the everyday cacophony of the railway station. At the same time the lights flickered, causing everyone in the café (Chris, Kathy and the businessman) to look up momentarily. \"Ooooh spooky,\" Kathy moaned theatrically. I have to walk home in this Chris thought miserably. At ten o'clock at night, in November, in the north of Scotland, in the driving rain. If he got home tonight and he wasn't terminally sick he was going to consider himself very lucky indeed. Well, that was six or so hours from now. For now he could just miserably think about it. He could worry about it when it was time to leave. He hated this job. He hated any sort of job, but what was the alternative? Lie in bed at home in the dark with the gloomiest music he could think of filling him with even more misery. And then having to listen to CJ and his intolerably cheerful Irish drinking music. It was odd, he reflected. CJ was in more or less the same situation as he was yet he still remained infuriatingly cheerful. Damn that was annoying. Well at least CJ wasn't just hanging around the house anymore, something that was beginning to cause friction between the three housemates, especially with Ali, the only one of the trio who was actually going to University. At least now with himself and CJ working, they could begin to patch up the cracks that were appearing in the tenancy. \"Hey Chris,\" Kathy called across the café. \"Stop moping and go check the toilets!\" Without replying Chris turned on his heel and ambled across to the Gents. He pushed open the door, had a quick look around and saw that the floor was clean enough. He went into the toilets, pushed open all the cubicle doors, made sure everything was clean there, and then satisfied he had done his duty, signed the check sheet hung up on the wall. Thirty seconds was long enough, he decided, casting his eye over the sinks to make sure they weren't growing penicillin or anything. On that note he left, failing to note the cold grey water seeping up through the drainage grate in the floor…[Chapter 6] Right, now you may wonder why this is going off on a funny angle, and you are right to. But I'm staying schtum, you're all going to have to keep on with the reading and the reviewing. Now, a little pointer. To Hell-In-My-Life (interesting name there, I recommend getting drunk more), although you are technically correct in that an ice age is probably going to begin in a summer, I am sticking to the timeline of both the film and novelization of 'The Day After Tomorrow'. Although not actually referenced in the film there are two references to the date in Whitley Streiber's novelization. In the scene in Delhi there is the following line \" What he was finding was worrying him. It was worrying him a lot. And this snow – sure it was November, but this was New Delhi for God's sake.\" And in the following chapter is this line from Jack's return to Washington \" It was hot as hell right here at home in Alexandria. Thanksgiving was just weeks away, and it felt like August.\" Now unless I am terribly mistaken Thanksgiving falls on the 24th of November. Therefore the timeframe of TDAT takes place – or at least begins – in the month of November, and therefore so does my story. Sorry to spend so much time on something like this but I don't want anyone to be confused or to think I'm an idiot. Cheers! PS www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross , Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 Captain Daniel Marvin, master of the RRS James Clark Ross , stared down at the telephone on his elegantly curved desk as if the news it had delivered was somehow its fault. He didn't know what to think or say, so instead he looked around his tidy cabin with its neutral tones and its floral-pattern soft furnishings and thought of his drinks cabinet. What a good idea , he concluded. He pushed his chair back from the desk, got up and pulled a picture of the ship's namesake – Admiral Sir James Clark Ross R.N., discoverer of the North Magnetic Pole – and then yanked open the safe hidden behind it. Inside was twenty-five thousand pounds in well-thumbed twenties and fifties, a picture of his late wife Daisy, and a bottle of Stolichnaya vodka and a tumbler. He ignored the money and the picture – they didn't really mean much to him these days – and retrieved the bottle and the glass. He looked up at the wall-mounted clock as he sat down and unscrewed the bottle. Five-fifty in the afternoon was really quite late for him to be starting these days. Sometimes he wondered how his superiors at the British Antarctic Survey had never cottoned on to his rampant alcoholism – that's what it was, he was far too intelligent to deny it. Then as the vodka tumbled like liquid crystal into the glass he remembered what had caused him to get his hated bottle out and he forgot all about the suits who were running the B.A.S. now. His entire medical team, dead. Wiped out in a single accident on shore leave. The details the policeman on the phone had given him were somewhat sketchy, something to do with animals, which Marvin would have dismissed as crap had it not been a copper telling him, and then something else about driving into a building? He couldn't really remember, since a fog had drifted through his mind at that point and for him the rest of the conversation was a blur. There may have been some further exchanges about notifying the next of kin… He gave a small groan. He couldn't remember who was going to notify the families of one doctor from Cambridge and two orderlies from Preston and Crewe. In a panic he took a slug of the vodka straight from the bottle and felt his mind concentrate wonderfully. Yes, the policeman was going to make the necessary arrangements for the individual families, and he was supposed to send them all letters of condolence along with the B.A.S. Oh thank God , he sighed, feeling his body relax as the booze hit him. Then, instantly on its tail came the guilty surge as he realised that this was not the way the master of a ship of her Majesty's Government was supposed to be acting. He picked up the glass and drowned that thought as well. It suddenly struck him how incredibly unlucky his deceased crewmembers had been. Firstly, the James Clark Ross would ordinarily never be in Aberdeen. They were only here to pick up some specialist oil surveying equipment, a new sonar system that could scan the ocean floor for the distinct rock formations that were the telltale signs of oil deep beneath the seabed. It was brand new, cutting-edge technology derived from some incredible discoveries by British scientists and they were to be the first to test it in the field. That's why they were here, since it had been deemed by the powers that be it was far more efficient and –more importantly – cheaper to install the sonar in Aberdeen than drag the whole shooting match, all several dozen tonnes of it, down to the Ross' homeport of Southampton. They had never done this before. And now they had. And now his entire medical staff was dead. The one and only time, ever, that the ship had come to Aberdeen and look what had happened. It was enough to drive a man to drink. And it probably would, if it wasn't four years too late. At this moment he felt every one of his forty-three years. All that time of those long days and nights on the high seas, working his way up to his current post, had left his body physically fit, yes, but riddled with aches and pains and broken bones. And the drinking wasn't helping much either. The name Daisy floated across his consciousness briefly before drowning once more in the jumbled fog of his mind. Well, they couldn't sail without a medical team, those were the rules. He had to notify head office, and they would probably send up one of the team from the Ernest Shackleton , the Ross' sister ship that was currently in Southampton for a major refit. They wouldn't be putting to sea for at least three months, maybe more, which was plenty of time for HQ to find some replacements. In the meantime the Ross would make do with the Shack's doctor and whatever first aid their own crew knew, which was fairly substantial. Well then, time to put the call in. He put the vodka back in the safe, locked it tight and hung the picture back over it. He wasn't going to call the office with booze on his desk, some remnants of his pride was not going to making telephone calls to important individuals with the tools of his alcoholism on rampant display. He was beginning to type in the number for the B.A.S. HQ when he was interrupted by an excruciatingly polite knock on his cabin door. He replaced the handset in the cradle with a sigh. \"Come in,\" he called, quickly breathing into his cupped hands to check his breath for the smell of vodka. It was there, but he could hide it provided nobody tried to bite his nose off or something. His expression betrayed a brief sign of relief as a head mounted by a top of straggly brown hair shoved itself around the door. \"Skipper? You got a minute?\" Tony Willis, ship's head of meteorology and permanent blur of awkward energy, asked awkwardly. \"I'm kind of busy Tony,\" Marvin replied, picking up the phone again. \"This is um, really important skipper.\" \"Okay what is it?\" \"I really think you need to see, what th-the newest satellite shots from the Met Office.\" \"Can't this wait? I've got a big enough problem as it is. Doc, Ray and Marie have all been killed in a car crash and I don't have time to look at pictures of the weather!\" Without replying and with uncharacteristic fortitude, Willis strode straight across the office and dropped a stack of satellite photos on Daniel's desk. The captain was about to chew out the weatherman for his impudence when the images before him actually registered in his brain. \"Holy shit,\" he breathed, trying to regain some of his captainly dignity. \"It should be here inside of three days,\" said Willis, all trace of his nervous stutter gone as he forecasted the end of the world.[Chapter 7] Hello! Here is a new chapter where for the very first time we can read about the natural disasters that are beginning to affect the rest of our fragile little planet yada yada yada. More exciting action sequences will be coming to this spot ve-e-e-e-e-e-e-ry soon, so until then keep reading, 'cos things is about to get exciting. On a slightly more bitter note on my part, I have to say I'm kind of pissed off at all those people who are reading this tale but not reviewing. Why is this? It only takes up no more than a few minutes of your time – even for those still using the ol' dial-up. C'mon, the whole idea of Fanfiction is that is supposes to be a community effort and frankly this wall of silence I face every time a chapter goes up is really starting to get on my pecs. So please, if you read, REVIEW, its only common courtesy and it'll make this story that much better. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 Chris finally stumbled into the warmth of his house at twenty to eleven that night. He was, in a word, freezing. Soaked to the skin thanks to the driving Scottish rain, he had convinced himself on the thirty minutes walk home that he had contracted pneumonia and that his flatmates had better start ringing around the local undertakers because they would be burying him pretty soon. He shook his hair free of water and tramped noisily into the living room. For a second his was forced into immobility by the wall of heat that hit him square in the face. He closed his eyes to savour it, and then dumped his rucksack on the carpet, where it landed with an audible squish. It was only then that his brain actually got into gear and he blinked with surprise. \"Hi Donna,\" he said. \"Didn't expect you over tonight.\" And this was true. His girlfriend never came round to the house when he pulled the late shift. They had established earlier on that he'd rather just keel over after working until ten or eleven at night. Then he saw the one half empty bottle of Jack Daniels and the one totally empty bottle of Smirnoff that decorated the coffee table. At that moment CJ stumbled in from the kitchen. Chris put two and two together; \"Okay, what's the occasion?\" he asked. \"We are celebrating our miraculous escape from certain death,\" replied CJ, after taking a second to correct the alarming slant his body had developed. Chris didn't believe him of course. \"And the cray -ziest weather in history,\" CJ finished with a drunken flourish. Chris didn't believe that either, and he obviously radiated a healthy amount of scepticism, since CJ was still able to pick it up through a thick haze of alcohol. \"Seriously man, watch the telly.\" Chris instead slumped down next to Donna. \"Hello, lover,\" she said happily, with a wide drunken grin. \"Hello. How are you?\" \"Well earlier on I was stressed but now I'm just dandy.\" \"Why were you stressed, hmm?\" \"I'd tell you but I'm just too sleepy right now.\" To emphasise this, Donna let her head go limp and rest on Chris' shoulder. \"Hey! Hey!\" CJ shouted, successfully gaining Chris' attention. \"You gotta watch all this!\" Chris looked at the TV in annoyance. He was about to snap at his drunken flatmate when the images on the screen shut him up decisively. \"Where is this?\" he asked in wonder. \"Tokyo,\" a drunken grin. \"It's a mess ain't it?\" Mess, Chris thought to himself, wasn't the half of it. If this truly was Tokyo, then it had been devastated beyond imagining. The skeletons of skyscrapers were all that remained above a huge inland sea. He'd never seen anything like it. It was if all those immense structures had had their outer layers simply stripped clean away. But surely there would be shorter buildings visible. Instead all he could see instead of streets was a huge lake of standing water, grey and whipped by an idle wind \"What happened?\" \"They called it Supertyphoon Max,\" CJ replied in a tone that told the world he wasn't as drunk as he made out to be. \"Hit the Japanese home islands this morning. Its huge, someone on the news was talking about a million dead.\" Chris felt a chill wash over him. His nerve ends tingled and he looked for reassurance at Donna, who had slipped into sleep on his shoulder. He tried to take some comfort from her sleeping form. \"That's nothing,\" CJ went on. \"In one day there's been that, Hurricane Noelani flattened the Hawaiian Islands, don't know much from there yet, nobody's got to it yet, and another typhoon hitting the south-east coast of Australia. Sydney's been hit hard, you oughta see the pictu – oh here. Watch.\" Now on the screen was a sight that made Chris' jaw fall open in shock. Sydney Harbour Bridge, or what was left of it, bent and twisted like a broken toy. The sight of it overwhelmed him, a landmark he knew all to well just destroyed. He saw here the same kind of thing he'd seen in Tokyo, the vast sheets of water where normally there would be streets and roads. The camera was obviously mounted on a helicopter and what he saw next would remain with him forever. The Sydney Opera House, possibly one of the most distinctive buildings on the planet. The sight of that soaring pristine white roof, the unmistakable symbol of Sydney, was something everyone in the world knew by heart, and now it was no more. All that remained of that eye-catching structure was a frenzied mass of steel punctuated by the odd piece of still-white tiling. The only thing he could liken the experience to was watching the news on 9/11, it was the knowledge that a landmark that had existed in his universe as an imperturbable piece of the landscape was gone forever. \"Hell of a day,\" CJ said, putting his bare feet up on the thick glass top of the coffee table. \"I can't believe it.\" On the TV now were more pictures of a devastated Sydney, row upon row of buildings stripped of roofs, the skyscrapers of downtown Sydney exposed to their steel frameworks. \"Apparently now they're getting a shitload of snow. New Zealand is under five feet of the stuff, and its supposed to be summer down there. I dunno, makes a warm autumn seem almost normal.\" CJ was referring to the weather of the past three weeks, which had seen record high temperatures across the whole of Northern Europe. Not just mild autumn weather, either. The past three weeks in Aberdeen, for instance, had seen temperatures that had rivalled the past summer. Chris nodded in response, and tried and failed to be less worried. Then gently, so as not to wake Donna, he leaned forward and poured a generous measure of the JD into a glass. \"So why is Donna round here then?\" he asked, wishing he didn't sound so damn nosy like he knew he just had done. \"Didn't you hear?\" \"Obviously I didn't or I wouldn't be asking.\" \"It was the weirdest thing,\" CJ said, and the thought of it compelled him to pour a generous measure of JD for himself. \"'Bout four o'clock this afternoon there was a fucking stampede of animals all across the city. Thousands of the bastards, all running one way.\" He took a heavy gulp of the whisky, and let out a small laugh through his nose. \" Away . Guess they all know something we don't.\" Chris agreed with a tiny nod, and let his gaze fall back to the screen. His eyes absorbed the images of two devastated nations, and it was all he could do to stop the ice filling his veins as the whisky burned in his throat. He remembered with growing unease the pictures of the North Pole, free of ice for the first time in half a million years. Of the images of snow in New Delhi, then more recently the unusual weather he had experienced in this very city, and now this. This insanity gripping the world's weather. Just what the hell was going on?[Chapter 8] Harro! Sputnik here with yet another chapter – boy I sure am being nice with all these new chapters in quick succession. I've decided not to bitch about nobody reviewing 'cos it doesn't seem to make a whole lot of difference either way. I suppose I will just be selfless and write so you can read at your leisure. I can cope without reviews. Actually I can't but lets pretend I can since I'm beginning to sound like an old Tory fart in the letters page of the Times (for my American readership, for Tory read Republican). Anyway, very soon a giant storm surge will be making a mess of Aberdeen and then the really good bits will be getting under way. This chapter however, contains vital exposition and some dramatic dialogue, and introduces some more characters that you just know are destined to croak by the end of the story. Also, much thanks to bAnDgEeK75 who is doing her level best to spread the word. Frankly without you my review count would be too depressing for words, so an extra special cheers for you. In fact, everyone in my local will raise a pint to you for a really big cheers. Cheers! (that's for bAnDgEeK75) Cheers! (that's for the rest of you) PS www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross , Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 It was four thirty in the morning, Captain Marvin reflected in the comforting golden glow of the Conference Room. He was exhausted. In fact he had barely stopped moving in the ten or so hours since Tony Willis had dropped his bombshell that had condemned his country to death. Those ten hours had also given him time for his temper to die down. The fucking Met Office had had those images for a week! A week! A Goddamned week in which the Ross could have instigated a crash course of maintenance work and been steaming southwards just as fast as the engines could push her. But instead for some insane reason the Met had kept it to themselves, and now, barring a miracle, they were going to be caught right in the middle of the damn thing. The Storm. It was huge. A cyclonic system the size of a continent, growing above the Artic Circle. And under that mass of cloud were hundred mile-an-hour winds and killer blizzards. It looked like a truly monstrous hurricane; surely those already under it were experiencing death in incalculable numbers even as he gazed at the Doppler printout. And it was undoubtedly getting bigger, and it was undoubtedly heading this way. How he wished for a drink right now. But there were other people around him at this meeting, and as he well knew one drink was too many, and two drinks weren't enough when he was in company. So instead he just dreamed of alcohol, then decided it was time to call this meeting to order. He ran one hand through his short greying hair, cleared his throat and began to speak. \"Okay, gentlemen. It's time we figured out how we're going to deal with this.\" His senior staff had all had a good look at the images, and they had also seen the news pictures from Japan and Australia. Tony Willis had filled them in further on what had actually happened – as far as he knew anyway. Supertyphoon Max, which had devastated a Japan still reeling from a devastating hailstorm a few days before. Typhoon Lena, which had flattened South Eastern Australia. Hurricane Noelani, a truly unprecedented storm which had devastated the Hawaiian Islands, from which there was still no word on damage or casualties. So far it was estimated that in this one day two million people had died in the Pacific. But, Willis had said, this was nothing compared to what was coming over the horizon. The weatherman had fairly terrified the senior staff, but it was out of his job description to tell them what to do, other than that they could not be caught beneath that storm if they wished to live. The problem was, half of the crew were not on board. In fact most of them weren't even in Scotland. Normally his Senior Staff consisted of eight, himself, First Officer Rick McFarland, Second Officer John Orton, Third Officer William Joyce and Chief Engineer Roddy McIntyre. They represented the crew. For the science team, there was Chief Scientist Professor Norman Talbot, his assistant Dr. Geoffrey Cook, Head of Meteorology Tony Willis and Head of Hydrology and Oceanography Dr. Stephen Wallace. On this long night, all he had was Joyce, McIntyre, Dr. Talbot and Tony Willis. All the others were at their homes on the South Coast, none of them due back for another ten days And anyway, Marvin thought to himself, they're probably safer down there than we are up here. But those men and women who were not on the ship were there because it was their turn for shore leave. Those left behind, he knew, had families in the path of the storm, and would no doubt want to get them out of the country. But he knew, and they knew, that there was no chance of getting away from the coming storm except by on this ship. The B.A.S. was another consideration. They wanted the James Clark Ross intact. If this storm was going to be as devastating to the climate as everyone feared, the people of earth would need the equipment they had on board to chart the strange new world they were all going to find themselves in. \"We can't have this ship ready in time.\" This was McIntyre, the Chief Engineer. He'd only got into Aberdeen three hours ago, having been on a fishing trip with his brother and Professor Talbot just up the coast at Elgin. Marvin didn't want to think of their trip back to Aberdeen once the recall had gone out, going at full speed through seas that were already becoming very nasty indeed. \"That's not an option, Roddy.\" Marvin had very little patience with his engineering chief, he considered him far too outspoken and disrespectful of authority. \"Well don't blame me. The new sonar has not been fully integrated yet. I've been liasing with the dockyard foreman and the fastest he can get it all tied in to our systems and have the hull patched up is ten days.\" \"In ten days we will all be dead,\" Willis chipped in, causing the captain to once again marvel at his you weatherman's polar shift in personality since all this had begun. \"Look,\" Talbot tried, his voiced laced with strained reasoning. \"Are you sure about this? How do we know this isn't simply an unusually powerful storm? I mean we've ridden these things out before, why can't we just batten down the hatches and wait for all this to blow over?\" \"I don't know if you've noticed Norman, but this storm is like nothing we have ever seen before. Its not merely unusual, its unprecedented in recorded history, and staying under it will mean we all freeze to death.\" Willis was beginning to go red in the face, and Marvin knew that he was right. \"We have three days,\" Daniel began. \"After that nobody's safety is guaranteed. Can we be away in three days, Roddy?\" \"Yes we can, but then that nifty three million pound sonar will almost certainly be wrecked, and I don't think the nice people at B.P. who paid for it are going to be very pleased.\" \"If this storm is as bad as Tony says it is they I don't really think it's going to matter.\" \"Then it's just a case of sealing the hull back up and then we can be off.\" \"What about our families?\" asked William Joyce, his voice barely more than a pained whisper. Marvin knew that he had a wife and three daughters at his home in Birmingham. He knew also that Roddy and Norman had their own families too. And he knew that what he was going to say next would probably haunt him for the rest of his life. \"Head Office has arranged transport for all our families to shelter on the continent. Spain, I think.\" There, that lie wasn't so hard . Head Office had actually told him to save the Ross at all costs, and then fed him that line to give to his crew. He knew that without every man and woman left on board putting all hands to the pumps, then the Ross was going nowhere. He swallowed, wishing for some of the powerful flavour of vodka to wash away the guilt from his stomach. He stood up, decisively. \"Okay gents, we have three days, get it done.\"[Chapter 9] Aloha! Sputnik here with yet another chapter of the fine story for all you equally fine people to read. Luckily for you, I don't have anything to bitch about so this intro will be quite short (Hooray!) Oh, hang on, here is an email from I sent to everyone on my 'Odyssey' mailing list (currently two individuals but just email me at if you want in), which isn't really a bitch, just a question. Ideally I would like an answer from you fine people by either emailing the above address or as part of a review on the review page. I have noticed on the stats page for 'Odyssey' that there is a significant drop-off of readership from Chapter 1 ('Prologue, Mauritius 2057' currently 124 hits) and Chapter 2 ('Chris' 65 hits). I have decided that this is down to the content of the Chapter 1, which has little to do with the rest of the story, is causing people to dismiss the rest of the story. So my question is this, should I - 1) Drop the Prologue entirely, and just go straight into the story with Chris' introduction and the birds? 2) Change the Prologue to better fit in with the storyline which will make up the bulk of 'Odyssey'? 3) Keep the Prologue as it is? If you feel up to replying, either do so at this email address or in the reviews page. This situation is very frustrating since I want as many people as possible to R&R; 'Odyssey'. Right, thank you very much for your time and keep your eyes peeled for the next chapter, out soon. Sputnik There. Reply if you want to but only you can tell me if The Prologue is a great hook for the story or a great big horrible disaster. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 It was eight thirty in the evening, three days after the dramatic announcements onboard the James Clark Ross and the equally dramatic animal stampede through the city, and CJ was well on his way to being totally blasted. This was his weekly Tuesday night tradition. He began by having a soak in the bath as soon as he got home from work, listening to the invigorating and honest music of Flogging Molly, or the Goth-tinged power metal of Avenged Sevenfold, and just wallowing in the bath, thinking about the two days off that were now his. Then he would get dressed in his black jeans and whatever t-shirt was clean this week, slick back his dark hair, slide on his black denim jacket and stride out into the night. From there his path – which had been determined by ten months on nights out in Aberdeen during his first year of University – was rigidly followed. First off was Frankenstein's, to sample the delicious twelve-ounce steak and two or three pints of premium European lager. Next was a hike down half of Union Street to the sports bar Stadia, just in time for their Tuesday night happy hour, which enabled a grateful populace to buy pints of Stella Artois for one pound fifty a pint. Another – slightly more wobbly – hike took him to Drummonds Café Bar. Here he watched the open mic music night, downed another couple of pints – usually the Carling (anything but the Scottish favourite Tennants, his taste buds weren't quite devolved enough for that). Then it was off to Kef's for a shot or five of the flavoured vodkas – cherry was his favourite – and after that his destinations became more or less random and he could never really know where he was going to go until he was there. He usually ended his evening with three stops on the trip back up Union Street, namely McDonald's, Burger King and the local fish 'n' chip shop at the bottom of his street, all visited in attempt to curb a serious attack of the munchies. All told his Tuesday blow out cost him fifty pounds and about a billion brain cells, but it was worth it. Sometimes he would meet people he knew and things would change, and sometimes the booze would go to his brain incredibly quickly and he would have to admit defeat and go home early, but that was his routine, and he had a bloody good time sticking to it. Right now he was sat in Stadia, watching Sky Sports News on one of the big plasma TVs. There wasn't a great deal of footballing news tonight, it was just something for his eyes to try and focus on while he waited for a couple of his former University classmates to turn up. It was, he noticed, getting harder to focus on the scrolling news bar at the bottom of the screen. Not that he was paying an awful lot of attention anyway, because today he had seen something on the telly that made the stampede of three days ago look like the cheapest B-movie special effects show. He had gone to secondary school in York for five years. He knew it and loved it almost as much as his hometown of Manchester, and what he had seen today had been like a punch in the guts. A tornado. A goddamned tornado had ripped through the historic city of York, leaving behind a path of destruction five miles long. And it had not been the crappy pseudo-tornadoes that the UK usually saw. It had been, according to the BBC anyway, an F-3. He'd checked that on the Internet when he had got home, and an F-3 was classified as a tornado that generated 113-157 mile-an-hour winds and caused 'considerable damage'. He just couldn't shake the image of the enormous central tower of the beautiful gothic Minster, come crashing down as a huge tornado crashed into it. The images of something so devastating happening in the UK were so powerful they pushed the new images of the destruction of Sydney and the first pictures of a devastated Hawaii well down the order on the news. He couldn't help but wonder what the hell was going on in the world. Storms of unprecedented and monstrous scale crashing around the Pacific – apparently there was another supertyphoon just like Max heading for Japan – was something that may just be a seasonal freak, unlikely, but possible. It was so far away from him that he could dismiss it far easier than he could dismiss the crazy shit that had happened to him. Mad animals stampedes? For Christ's sakes that was just insane. Then there was this constant – record-breaking according to the Met – torrential rain which had been pounding the whole of Europe for the past three days, and now this in a city he felt great affinity for. It was almost too much to take, which is why he had decided to get extra specially drunk tonight by going to club after Drummonds had shut for the night. He couldn't cope with all this craziness that he was having to deal with. His eyes shot wide open as he realised that he hadn't rung Jenni up to see if she was okay. Although he knew logically that she was well away from the area of devastation, logic has little say when loved ones could be in danger. His hand dropped to the mobile in his inside jacket pocket, and he thumbed in her number without even having to think or even look at it, which was a good thing since he was getting to the point where there now two mobile phones moving in and out of focus in his hand. He held the phone to his ear. The dial tone could be heard instantly. This was a good thing; it meant that whatever transmitter tower Jenni's phone was nearest to was still standing. So far, so good. But then the ringing went on, and on, and on. He began to have visions of a discarded phone ringing in the wreckage of her car or a shop she was browsing in when a killer tornado had ripped through it and wiped out the woman he loved… \"Hello, this is Jenni Marr's answer phone. I can't get to the phone right now so leave your name and number and I'll get right back to you.\" CJ was about to start worrying intensely now, when all of a sudden he stopped worrying about Jenni and started worrying about himself as the electricity in the bar died without a sound. He looked around his suddenly dark surroundings. Everything was off, the lights, the TVs, even the beer pumps at the bar. A party of men out on a stag night cheered ironically, and there was excited chattering all around at the new development. He craned his head to peer out of the big windows into the street, and realised with a start that all the lights as far as he could see were also out. In his drunken inquisitive state he staggered out onto the rain-swept streets, and peered up both ends of Union Street. All was dark, but not silent. He realised he could barely see an inch in front of his nose; so dark was the night now. There was no moon or stars; they were still hidden by the endless rain clouds. Now some light was shed onto the road as a car pulled out of a side street, and it enabled CJ to see the hordes of people spilling out from pubs and restaurants to see for themselves the unparalleled sight of a city in total darkness. And then something far, far stranger happened. At first he thought it was his alcohol-soaked senses playing tricks on him. Then he turned around and realised others were feeling it too. The very ground beneath their feet was rumbling, as if a small but persistent earthquake was happening below the streets of Aberdeen. And now something new. From the docks, less than a mile away, came the sound of total destruction over the hammering of the rain.[Chapter 10] Wassail! (That's ancient English, its another way of saying hello). Sputnik here, with yet another exciting chapter of more quality ice age disaster. In this chapter we find out that Chris is the long lost relative of Sam and is going to go rescue him… Just kidding. I wouldn't do that to my fans with their ardent anti-Sam/Laura fluff vitriol. I hate that crap too, which won't stop me putting it into the sequel (currently in pre-production). Just kidding again, but not about the sequel, I really do have a plan for that. Seriously, I have some good ideas which don't work in this story but could go in some action/adventure sequel. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross, Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 Their time was up, and they knew it. Three days had passed, and the Doppler radar showed that the monster storm coming down from above the Artic Circle was now upon them. For the past three days they had been feeling the effects of the storm system for two days now, displayed in the extreme weather across northern Europe, the most spectacular of which was the tornado that had destroyed a big chunk of the city of York. They had been getting reports from Scandinavian weather services of record snowfalls, and Tony Willis had informed the crew that whatever was going on up there was heading their way. And now it was a matter of hours away. Maybe less, and Marvin was frantic with worry. Every hand had been pressed to the patching up of the hull. The captain was vaguely aware that an awful lot of incredibly expensive equipment was going all to hell and unless the Ross got away soon he and his crew would be following it. So everyone who could handle cutting and welding equipment was slaving away at the hull, while everyone else was frantically getting stores from a nearby supermarket using B.A.S. credit cards. Normally the provisions they received at Portsmouth was more than enough for their extensive trips, but now Marvin had no idea as to when the ship would be reprovisioned, so he had ordered shuttles of Transit hire vans to and from the supermarket. So now he was on the bridge, peering out into the rain-lashed night and very close to hyperventilating. He knew that in the path of this storm was the inevitable surge and right now he was directly in the path of it. Although nobody was sure, it was being surmised that this surge was going to be huge . And it was going to hit them, and when that happened the crew of the Ross were really going to wish they were somewhere else. The clomping of heavy boots coming onto the bridge interrupted his train of thought. He turned around to see the sweat-streaked form of Chief Engineer McIntyre. He was dressed in a filthy boiler suit and looked utterly exhausted. As well he might , Marvin reflected. McIntyre had got about four minutes sleep in the past three days, having spent the rest of time working frenetically to cram ten days worth of heavy work into the ever-closing window of escape. Often during that time he had pushed dockyard workers – who hadn't grasped the urgency of the work at all – out of the way and picked up the cutting torch or welder himself in an effort to get the job done. Twice the foreman had threatened to pull his men off the job unless McIntyre stopped hassling them, and it had taken hurried reassurances from Marvin that the B.A.S. would pay them substantial bonuses if only they would work faster. Privately Marvin thought that these men would not live to receive their money, but if he told them of the danger they were all in then he knew for a fact that this ship would be going nowhere. \"We're all done Marvin,\" McIntyre said, almost beyond exhaustion and in no mood for formalities. He was on the point of collapse and from what the science blokes had told him then this was only the beginning of a very long and equally exhausting period. Well, he was used to hard work and was never going to shirk a task such as this. \"Ready to go?\" Marvin asked. \"The seal won't pass any safety inspections but yeah, we can go.\" \"Thank Christ.\" Marvin closed his eyes in silent thanks and felt the knots in his stomach loosen fractionally. \"Right, someone ring up Will, tell him that we cast off as soon as the last of the vans unloads so for fucks sake tell him to hurry, I don't know how long we have…\" \"Aye, Captain.\" \"Chief,\" Marvin said, addressing McIntyre. \"Get the engines started, we have to be moving as soon as we can.\" \"I'm on it,\" McIntyre confirmed. It happened as the engineer turned to leave. Through the driving rain nobody saw it coming, but it was there all the same. Towards the coast it came, the largest storm surge in the history of the British Isles, a thirty-foot high wall of water, caused by the pressure of the storm displacing the water and moving slowly with the unstoppable force of the ocean. There was no warning whatsoever. The James Clark Ross rose with the wave, shooting almost vertically thirty feet into the air. With no warning everyone on the bridge was knocked off the feet by the power of a billion tonnes of ocean rolling into several hundred tonnes of sea-going vessel. The lines tying the ship to the dock all snapped instantly, and Marvin's first thought was for the dockworkers dismantling the scaffolding around the hull patch. He knew by the motion of the ship that this was the dreaded storm surge, and that they had left it too late and that they were all finished. He grasped frantically at a stanchion and his jaw dropped in slack-mouthed terror. Now the Ross was helpless in the grip of the surge its stern swung round until it was broadside to the wave, and McIntyre grimaced as the sound of groaning metal rose over the sound of the storm. He knew that the ship had been carried over the edge of the dock and now the hull was crashing over and into buildings and cars and anything else on land that by now was underwater. With barely a thought he leapt to his feet and staggered desperately against the bucking motions of the deck. He knew he had to get below decks, if they were taking on water then they were all dead, he had to stop it before they were sunk. The groaning and grinding as the huge red hull continued as the ship was carried on by the surge, and Marvin gave a wail of panic. He was sure death was but moments away. It was the Ross ' anchor that saved her. Initially yanked off the harbour bed it dug in like a tick into the solid walls of the dock. The ship wallowed alarmingly as the surge ground on past it, but suddenly they were stopped, the stern now wedged into the façade of a building the surge had driven it into. Marvin opened his eyes and stared out into the storm. From all around the James Clark Ross came the sounds of violent destruction as the wave came up short where the land rose sharply away from the docks but for now they were safe. But he could see where a massive dredge had been capsized, and another, possibly a trawler which had been driven bodily into the shopping centre which overlooked the harbour. His eyes widened in fear. \"We have to get out of here.\"[Chapter 11] Guten tag! (I think that's German – I could be wrong since I never did German at any level of education). For all Germans, if I'm wrong, I apologise now. Sorry. Anyway, this is another chapter of this good ice age story, and in case you have forgotten, Chris works at the railway station that just so happens to be… next to the docks! Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland, November 2004 Well this isn't good , Chris thought, watching out of the huge glass windows of the Lemon Tree café across the concourse of the railway station. What he could see disturbed him enormously. Water. Water, which had filled in the railway lines and was now lapping at the very edge of the platform. The station had been essentially shut to all trains since ten o'clock this morning but the manager of the Lemon Tree had kept them open all day, during which time Chris had mainly found himself mopping up the cold, dirty water which was backing up through the grills in the toilets. There had been precisely two customers, and one of them had been CJ who had come in for his lunch break to get his usual mug of free tea and the opportunity to read all the newspapers other people left behind. And the other had been the old homeless guy who came in to shout at the furniture. He and Kathy had spent their time being alternatively bored by the lack of work and worried by the rising waters. They were sure it wasn't going to be long before the water spilled out from the tracks and over the platform. Chris knew that today was the most pointless day in the history of retail sales. Quite why Dave the manager had kept them open all day was utterly beyond him. So now all he wanted to do was go home, because it was cold and miserable with all this water around and he just ached for some whisky and warm food. And his twat of a manager was making him work all the way through until ten bastard thirty at night. If he wasn't so desperate for money he would down tools and quit without a seconds hesitation. But here he was, watching the platform and waiting for the water to roll over his feet. He supposed this all had something to do with the fact the railway station was just a few feet above sea level, along with a huge semi-circle of low-lying land around the docks. So he reckoned that the moment his feet got wet, and then he had better leave because the sea probably wouldn't be far behind. He drummed his fingers idly on the window, while at the same time whistling Biffy Clyro's 'Bodies In Flight'. The urge to be somewhere else was almost overpowering, he could feel it as a little piece of instinctive electricity crackling through the primal animal part of his brain. For some reason his mind flashed back to the mad flight of the birds he'd seen three days ago and he shivered involuntarily. It hadn't stopped raining in three days and he was beginning to feel ill. Suddenly Kathy burst out of the ladies toilets in a state of high agitation. \"You have to come and see this,\" she gasped. Chris was sufficiently startled by the urgency in her voice that he sprinted past her and ran into the toilets fast that he was unable to stop his feet skidding out from under him as he splashed into the ankle deep water that had flooded the bathroom. As he landed painfully on his backside his eyes opened wide at the sight of the porcelain toilets overflowing. \"Shit!\" He tried to get to his feet, but once again he was unable to keep a firm footing and fell down, this time with his head catching a glancing blow on the corner of one of the sinks. As he hit the floor he clutched the sudden explosion of pain in his skull, and experienced a surge of panic as blood flowed from his forehead into his eyes. He lay on his back, dimly aware that the water flowing around him was getting higher. It was almost peaceful, his stunned brain decided. It was only when the water began to run into his ears that he realised that this was a bad thing and he hauled himself upright using the sink as an aid. He discovered that even the taps and the plughole were emitting a steady stream of filthy brown water. Right, he thought sternly , I quit. Pressing the ball of his hand against the gash in his head he staggered out into the café. Water was ankle deep in here. He looked to his left, and saw that the whole concourse was awash. Once more the panic swelled in his chest. \"Kathy!\" he shouted. \"We're leaving!\" \"Let me get my coat,\" she said sensibly, too worried to even notice the veritable river of blood pouring from Chris' head. \"No time!\" he said, reaching for her with his free hand. \"We're going now .\" Kathy was quite calm now, but Chris was being fuelled by the strongest gut sensation he had ever known. He didn't know what it was or where it was coming from, all he knew was that he had to be somewhere else right away, or he would be in serious trouble. With one hand stemming the flow of blood and the other dragging a disbelieving Kathy behind him, Chris splashed swiftly though the ankle-high water. It was only when he got to the entrance to the railway station, leading out to the deserted car park, did either of them notice that the water was in face rising. It was shin-high now, having gone up several inches in just a few minutes. Something terrible was happening, Chris knew, and the pair of them were slap bang in the middle of it. Without really y engaging his brain he pulled Kathy out into the driving rain and together they waded across the car park and onto Guild Street with the intention of going up Virginia Street and then onto Union Street via Bridge Street. Through the storm they could see the lights of a huge red ship blaring into the night. It was, he realised, the only light for miles in every direction. Aberdeen had been suddenly plunged into darkness, and Chris and Kathy staggered on through wind-whipped water that was almost up their waists now. It took them the better part of ten minutes to wade the quarter of a mile to Bridge Street, and by the time they got arrived they were utterly exhausted by a draining mixture of exertion and freezing cold. Now it was just a few hundred yards uphill and they would be amongst the clubs and pubs of Union Street, and from there a taxi out of this hell. It was they started up the slope that they heard it. Kathy tugged Chris' arm hard as a deep base rumble rose up from behind them. Both of them wheeled round in the water and gasped at what they saw. The lights of the ship they had seen earlier were rising into the air as picked up by the hand of some angry god. This incredible sight was then topped by a scene from the end of the world; a wall of water, easily thirty feet high, bearing down them with the unstoppable motion of an avalanche. There was a sudden piercing shriek as a huge dockyard crane was torn from its foundations and began the inevitable slow-motion collapse to earth. Chris didn't even think about running. He just did it. He had to be above the level of that wave and he had but a brief span of seconds to do it. With pounding legs and burning lungs he hauled himself up the pitch black, pavement, away from the water of death which he knew was just poised to crash down upon him. It was only after he was two thirds of the way to safety that the word Kathy flashed across his mind. Instinctively he turned to make sure she was still following him and was instantly blown off his feet as the surge swept over him… Freezing water was all around him. He didn't know which way was up or down. His right leg crashed into something with the force of a train hitting a mountain and he screamed, the remaining air in his lungs escaping in a frantic stream of bubbles. He span around again, seeing nothing put utter darkness around him. There was something in his chest, trying to burst its way out. With a kind of sleepy peace, he decided it must be his lungs. He saw the face of Donna appear before him, and he figured that he had died… About time too. Suddenly, with a feeling like a car crash, he hammered into solid asphalt. The shock of the impact caused his eyes to fly open. He was dragged along the rough surface of the road, the pain was incredible, a terrible weight was pressing onto his body, squeezing his insides with an unfathomable pressure, he wanted to scream but he had no breath with which to make a sound. Then it was gone, the weight, the pressure. His stunned senses could not make out what was going on. All he knew was that he was motionless and utterly freezing cold. He tried raising his head, but he was overcome by a sudden rush in his throat. He hauled his battered body over to one side, and felt the burning of dirty water vomit from his mouth. It was then he realised that he was laid up on Bridge Street. The wave that had hit him had deposited him to safety. He was safe. And on that thought he passed out, the stern lights of a ship looming high over him.[Chapter 12] 'Allo. I've run out of things to say. Other than I would really like some reviews now things are getting exciting. Oh wait! A review! And a comment to give a reply to! Although yes it may seem that I am in fact ripping off TDAT, I am not just copying an event without solid movie basis. And a storm surge is mentioned audibly in the film. It comes in the scene before the helicopter crashing part, and is mentioned by a man on the TV in the background. So yeah! You may also notice that the heading and time format has changed. This is deliberate and signals the more focused nature of the forthcoming adventures. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland 9.15 PM, November 30th 2004 There was a bone-numbingly freezing wind blowing from the North Sea. It was like nothing CJ had ever known; even last winter in Aberdeen had had nothing on this piercing gale, and last winter had been real brass-monkey weather. And now the constant rain of the last three days had been replaced by a miserable sleet that soaked the clothing of the hundreds now milling on the darkened streets of the Granite City. CJ currently was doing something that he probably wouldn't do if he were sober. He knew that whatever had made the huge crashing noise had happened down by the docks, and so he was going to have a look. It was still utterly dark so he switched on the torch hanging from his heavy bunch of keys. The beam it produced was pathetic, akin to a dying glow-worm or a fluorescent toy of the kind found in cereal boxes. However, it was so dark on Union Street it was better than nothing, giving just enough light to prevent him walking into a lamppost as he made his slightly unsteady way towards the docks. A combination of the cold and his alcohol-dulled senses meant he never heard the footsteps coming up rapidly behind him. \"Hey!\" said a female voice behind him, whilst simultaneously a female hand grabbed his shoulder. He jumped and span round, but his drunken brain was unable to keep him balanced and he fell heavily to the slick pavement. Luckily his nerves were sufficiently dulled that he didn't really feel it. Instead he finally reacted to the perceived threat and pointed his torch into his assailant's eyes. The figure above him was less than dazzled by the feeble shaft of light, but at that point he realised that it didn't really matter. \"Hi, Donna,\" he said cheerily. \"Erm, little help please?\" A hand was proffered and accepted. \"Have you heard from Chris?\" the girl asked as she pulled CJ to his feet. \"No. He's at work isn't he?\" It was at that point his mind put two and two together. Chris worked at the railway station, which was by the docks, which was where all the noise of disaster had come from. \"Oh.\" \"Yeah,\" Donna replied, a trace of emotion distorting her voice. \"Have you tried ringing him?\" \"My phone's on the blink.\" \"Okay, I'll give it a shot.\" He fumbled around inside his jacket pocket and produced his phone, an ancient brick of a thing, which had defied expectations and was still working. He thumbed a button, scrolled through his contacts list and hit the dial button on Chris. \" You have reached the T Mobile answering machine from 077946628901. The person you are calling is currently unavailable…\" \"Shit,\" CJ muttered. \"Switched off.\" \"Well,\" said Donna decisively, \"we're going down to the station to make sure he's okay.\" \"Is that a good id -?\" CJ began before Donna cut him off with a look that brooked no argument. It was one of those 'do as I say' looks which Jenni had perfected on him in five years of knowing each other. \"Okay then, let's go. I just want you to know I think this is now officially stupid.\" It was snowing now. CJ was also officially amazed; rain had turned to snow in the space of less than thirty minutes. This was more than just amazing, however. It was incredibly discouraging and even more dangerous. Only his sense of honour stopped him ditching Donna and heading back for the warmth of the house and the bottle of whatever spirit it was that was left in the fridge. So he kept walking after Donna, splashing through the standing water that had filled the road and was seeping onto the pavement. They had just reached Millets and were just about to turn onto Bridge Street when Donna stopped dead, and CJ very nearly walked into the back of her. \"What?\" he said, cold and annoyed. \"You hear that?\" Donna replied, almost too faintly to be heard over the soft roar of the falling snow. \"Hear what?\" Less than half a mile in front of them the clouds parted, and the astonishing sight of a BMi 737 plough out of the sky, its wings canted at a forty degree angle, screaming over the city so low CJ could see the rivets on the belly of the plane. The mid-section landing gear tore into the building across Bridge Street with a sound like a nuclear explosion. The two students stood in the teeth of the storm, watching the top two floors of the six-story granite building crumble down onto the street. The impact sent shockwaves along the Union Street and knocked CJ and Donna to the ground. CJ looked up from his prone position and down Union Street, following the path of the jet. It was getting ever lower, until suddenly one wing ripped into the Stadia Bar and the whole aircraft pivoted round the wing and with the apparent speed of a glacier it rolled into an office building just off the street. The darkened night was filmed with a towering orange fireball that shattered the facades of two hundred year old buildings, blasting huge chunks of granite and glass out into the street. CJ threw his hands over his head as the shockwave blew over him, the heat of burning aviation fuel rolling over him and scorching the bare skin on the back of his hands and neck. Then suddenly, the sound of the explosion ceased. Cautiously CJ and Donna looked up, uncovering their eyes to reveal the sight of a street burning as snow and ash drifted down from the scorched sky. \"Holy fuck,\" CJ breathed slowly, part of his mind perversely wishing that he had his video camera with him. His eyes danced with the spires of fire, which now reached towards the heavens. He pushed himself to his feet, noting which a kind of stunned shock that the thin layer of snow he had landed in had melted with the heat pulse that had washed over everything. He shook his head clear, then helped Donna silently to her feet. \"We'd better call the fire brigade,\" she said carefully. \"Good idea,\" was CJ's equally careful reply. He could feel the roaring flames tease his eyebrows with sensuous heat. He put his hand into his pocket for his phone, but as he did so he noticed something off to his left that was odd enough to tear his attention away from the sight of Aberdeen burning, a flicker of orange light coming from inside of the Millets outdoor store. As his brain focused more on this he realised the plate glass of the front door had been kicked in. Without actually thinking about he stepped through the gaping frame of the door, not checking to see if Donna had actually noticed him leave her side. It was dark inside, there was some light from the inferno a half-mile away but most of it was obscured by the window displays. He could make out shadows and dark shapes, but not a great deal else. Just the tiny little flicker from the very back corner of the store. CJ slid stealthily but quickly to his left, darting behind the till counter. He got down on one knee; where a bit of careful rummaging would produce… Yes! An American police nightstick. He slid it out of its hiding place and took a solid grip on the handle. The weight and solidity of it gave him a surge of comfort, and he continued his creeping progress clockwise around the store, bringing him closer to the orange glow. He was less than ten feet away, concealed by a display of hiking boots. He could hear now a thin little hiss. For a second he couldn't figure out what it was, and then it twigged. It was a gas-fired camping stove, probably one from the store. He peered round the edge of the shelving, his hand tensing around the nightstick, getting ready to pounce on this intruder. He moved fast, his arm brought up. \"Holy fuck!\" he cried as his eyes saw who it was hunched by the pathetic flame. \"We all thought you were dead, Chris.\"[Chapter 13] Herro! Right, it appears I have some questions to ask. So, in order, the answers are… # A nightstick is one of those heavy plastic batons you see coppers – sorry, cops – hitting people with. # I have always spelt the 'European way', since I am in fact European. English to be precise. Funnily enough that's the way we are taught to spell in the UK. Also now I think about it, it isn't really the European way, since nobody in Europe outside of the UK would naturally write in English to begin with, and even if they did, they would probably write in American (color, center etc). Incidentally why the hell do you call a tap a faucet? Funny story, I went to San Diego once for a holiday, and I had a problem with the tap, to whit I couldn't get any water out of it. So I shouted down to my host \"I can't get any water out of the tap\". To which he replied \"What?\" The tap, you know, the thing in the wall the water comes out of.\" And he went \"Faucet?\" Which caused me to reply in some confusion \"I did force it. I tore it out of the bloody wall.\" There was water everywhere, a terrible mess it was… # That little anecdote may confuse practically everyone, sorry. # I will review both your old fic and this new fic of yours, just remember I have no idea what 'Phil of the Future' is. But I have the Internet at my fingertips so I'm sure I can find out. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland 10.02 PM, November 30th 2004 Chris and Donna sat clung together around the island of warmth and light the camping stove provided. Chris was wrapped up in several layers of warming clothing purloined from the racks of the Millets store. He had, he knew, never ever been so cold in his entire life, and it seemed that even if he was so wrapped up in thermal gear that he couldn't move it still wouldn't get rid of the deathly chill that gripped his body. So he sat there, shivering, staring mutely into the stove with Donna's arm clutched tightly around him. He had not returned the gesture. He had barely moved since CJ and Donna had found him here. Donna had looked into his eyes and had seen the same thousand yard stare her father had worn permanently since his return from the first Gulf War. Chris knew in a distant, detached way that the events of the last hour were going to cause him sleepless nights and flashback-filled days for the rest of his life. He wasn't really sure what had actually happened to him in those few horrendous seconds when his world had been drowned with him in it. He had only vague memories of stumbling up the street, award from the flood, towards Millets and he had absolutely no idea how he had come up with the plan to break into the outdoor store and put on warm clothes and light up the stove… He felt stoned, that was the nearest sensation he could relate this feeling to. As if his head was filled with smoke and mirrors, and his senses were all coming from the end of a long, foggy tunnel. Even when Chris and Donna had come into the store he had only noticed them in a dazed, detached fashion. The only thing he could feel with any clarity was the hammer blow in his back when the world had turned black and he had died for just a second beneath the utter weight of the sea. He shivered as the memory once again scored a dark path across his mind. Donna squeezed him tighter as she felt the tremor run through Chris' body. She didn't know what had happened to him to make him like this. In truth she was having trouble thinking about much more than the sight of that jumbo jet ploughing into the city just a few hundred feet away from her. The huge rising fireball was imprinted into her mind just as surely as a photograph, and she knew the building crashing to the ground mere yards from her suddenly fragile body was a sensation that would never leave her. She was jerked out of her reverie by the noise of footsteps coming down the steps from the first floor. She looked up to see CJ descending the stairs with a pile of electronic equipment cradled in his arms. \"Bingo,\" he said, his triumphant grin half hidden in the shadow of the hood of the thermal coat he was wearing. It was exceptionally cold in the store now, and both he and Donna had equipped themselves with the best cold weather gear Millets had to offer. If questions about this were asked further on down the line then CJ intended to lie. \"What is it?\" Donna asked. \"Radio scanner,\" CJ replied, putting it on the floor. \"Found it in the boss' office. Its what he was doing all that time when he went in there and locked the door behind him.\" He gave a snort of laughter. \"That and drinking himself stupid.\" He pulled out a little bottle of Glenfiddich whisky from his pocket and tossed it to Donna. \"So why have you got that?\" \"Because I want to know what's going on, and I'm going to listen on this until I find out.\" \"Do you know how to use it?\" \"How hard can it be?\" He hunkered down next to the stove. \"I just hope it's got a battery.\" \"Has it?\" Donna muttered. \"Yes!\" was CJ's victorious reply. \"God I'm good.\" Radiating an air of smugness that was visible even in the near darkness, CJ flicked a series of switches and miraculously the scanner issued a burst of static. Donna shifted position to see the proceedings better and for the first time Chris acknowledged his friends' presence by flicking his eyes in their direction and he shifted slightly in Donna's arm. This unexpected movement caught the attention of both CJ and Donna. \"Welcome back to the land of the living,\" CJ said, fiddling with the tuning dial on the scanner, which then surprised the hell out of everyone by emitting a strident but scared human voice. \"… we have to get away from here NOW… \"[Chapter 14] 'Allo. Zis ees Sputneek 'ere, wiz a new chapture of zis fantastique story… Okay I'm gonna stop now with the lame attempt at the comedy French accent and just get down to presenting chapter whatever it is of Odyssey. In case you are interested this chapter and the one before it (Interception) were originally going to be one, but then I wanted to get a chapter published quickly because I was having a few bug problems with Fanfiction so I just posted what I had. Sorry dudes, consider this Interception Part 2. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland 10.27 PM, November 30th 2004 \"… we have to get away from here NOW… \" The voice bursting through the static made CJ, Chris and Donna all jump like frightened rabbits. They were all breathing heavily, and all of them felt a chill run down their spine. The voice they on the scanner had been laced with infectious terror, and it spread over the airwaves to jump out from the scanner and make their skins crawl. Donna was the first one to recover her composure. \"What the hell was that?\" she asked, noticeably trying to keep her voice level. \"Dunno,\" CJ said. \"I'll see if I can get it back.\" He gently twisted the tuning dial left and right, trying to regain the frequency that urgent order had broadcasted on. Chris, meanwhile, stirred slightly, and turned his eyes to Donna. \"We have to get out of here…\" he croaked feebly. \"Chris!\" Donna threw both her arms around her lover. \"Oh, Chris! Thank God you're alright.\" Chris tried to return the embrace, but his arms were stiff from the cold and the pain, and he could barely manage more than a rictus hug. He was beginning to realise his entire body was practically numb, but the one thing he could feel was his throat. It was a ball of pure agony that burned in his neck. His vocal cords felt shredded and even whispering a brief six words had left him with the certain desire never to speak again. But he had to; his two companions had no idea what had happened down at the docks. In truth, neither had he, but he knew that whatever had gone on in those few hellish minutes was terrible enough that he didn't want to be anywhere near this city or even the coast. He had a sudden urge to be home in Gala, away from the death and destruction in the Granite City. He tried to get his voice into gear again. \"The docks,\" he whispered, pulling Donna closer to his mouth \"We have to get… away from…\" He tailed off, his throat burning as he desperately tried to force the life-or-death information from out of his chest. But now he had said all he could. The biting cold of the water he had swallowed had severely damaged the vocal cords in his larynx, and his voice was utterly wrecked. His face twisted with the frustration of it all. Donna, staring at him with wide eyes that caught beautifully the flickering light of the stove, instinctively squeezed her body closer to his. The scanner emitted a long drawn out whine and CJ thumped its casing angrily. Instantly the voice they had heard returned. \"… we're still watertight but if we pull away from this building we're …\" Once again the signal faded out and once again CJ subjected the scanner to his own unique brand of mechanics. \"What is that?\" Donna asked. \"I guess it's a ship down the docks,\" CJ said, once again fiddling with the dial. \"They sound like they're in a bit of trouble.\" Now a different voice, this one with a heavy Scottish accent, issued from the scanner. \"This is Sierra Six to all units. W have reports of a tidal wave at the docks. I repeat, a tidal wave on Trinity Quay and Market Street. This is not a drill. I repeat we have reports of a tidal wave-\" \"Oscar Five to Sierra Six we are still at fire at Union Street we cannot…\" The signal disappeared into static. The shop floor was filled with a stunned silence. Slowly CJ and Donna's eyes met, transmitting to each other the cold, sickening feeling that the world really had turned on its head. The sensation that what was happening was changing all they knew, changing it utterly and forever. \"Did he say tidal wave ?\" Donna asked, her voice full of wonder. \"That can't be right,\" CJ replied. At the same moment, an identical thought struck the pair of them, and as one they turned to look at Chris. Chris, who was freezing cold, who was dripping wet and suddenly enlightenment dawned. \"Holy shit,\" CJ breathed. \"OKAY SKIPPER…\" Once again the unexpected voice, this time now almost deafeningly loud as the scanner found a stronger signal, cut through the mood of shock. CJ frantically twisted the volume dial. \"… I think we got lucky skipper. Fifteen minutes and I reckon we can get us free.\" \"Oh thank God,\" was the reply. \"That's it,\" CJ said suddenly. \"What?\" \"We get out. On that ship, we get out of here while we still can.\"[Chapter 15] An Nyung! Sputnik here! With another chapter of Odyssey! I'm so excited right now! The NHL is back! And the Devils kicked Sidney Crosby's rear end from here to Greenland! Woohoo! Plus my Giants are 3 and 1 and the highest scoring team in the NFL (go Eli!) and the Padres are in the post-season, which is good, even if they are going straight out again (damn the Cardinals). Still, what do you expect when you finish .506 for the season? 'Sigh'. Still, on with the heart-warming story of the deaths of two billion people and the end of the reign of man. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland 11.03 PM, November 30th 2004 \"You know we're only going half a mile, don't you CJ?\" \"Yeah.\" \"So then,\" Donna asked. \"Why do we need enough thermal gear to walk to the South Pole and back?\" \"Because there is the better part of a half a foot of snow outside,\" CJ said, zipping up the front of his Eriksay 3 in 1 waterproof jacket. \"And its only been snowing for ninety minutes. In this weather if you ain't dressed up right going half a mile is more than enough to turn you into a lollypop.\" \"How the hell do you know that?\" \"Two things. Common sense,\" CJ pulled on a woolly hat, \"and Extreme Survival with Ray Mears on BBC 2.\" \"You have no common sense,\" Donna noted acidly. \"Well then we'd better hope Ray Mears knew what he was talking about.\" Chris passed a piece of paper to Donna. She took it from him with a smile. \"'Have we got everything we need?'\" she read aloud. \"Torches and thermal gear,\" said CJ, a touch irritably. \"Yep, got it all.\" Chris had informed both CJ and Donna of what had happened to him at the docks through a series of notes covered in nearly illegible handwriting. The story told on those scrappy pieces of paper had shocked the pair beyond words, and had convinced everyone that they needed to leave. Their options were limited. They couldn't drive, couldn't afford a plane ticket, and the railway line was underwater for – as far as CJ could work out from Chris' notes – at least five miles from the station. They weren't walking too far without freezing to death and they weren't going home. Another transmission over the scanner had put paid to that option. \"This is the emergency broadcast system for the Grampian region. Due to severe weather we are recommending all residents head south to Edinburgh and Glasgow. Take only what you can carry, placing special attention to food and water, bedding and sanitary supplies. This evacuation is not mandatory but we…\" The signal had been lost at that point, and the instant it had finished CJ had stood up and begun collecting gear to implement his plan. They were going to hitch a ride on the ship they had picked up the stray messages from. It was a truly crazy plan, but they could all see it was the best in a field of one. \"We all ready then?\" CJ asked. \"As we'll ever be.\" She looked for Chris for confirmation. By way of reply he handed her another note. \"'Okay then, Captain Wow'\" she read. \"'How are we going to let these ship people know we want a lift?'\" CJ looked confused for a second, before stalking off in the direction of the cellar door. Chris smirked at having thought of something CJ hadn't. Halfway down the cellar steps CJ realised he was in trouble. He had remembered that there was some stock that was going to be put on display tomorrow that would be useful in getting the attention of whoever was on board that ship. Flares, no less. Bright red, waterproof , signal flares. They could light them up and even in the goddamned blizzard that was developing outside you could see them for the best part of a mile in any direction. So here he was, in the cellar, looking for the flares, stood in knee-high water. That was why he was in trouble. The store was situated high above the water, sixty feet above sea level at least. And now they were being flooded out. He knew he had no time to spare in this cataclysmic situation. He swung the torch about, feeling the first risings of panic inside him that was beginning to cloud his mind. For a second he couldn't remember where the flares had been stashed, but thankfully the fog cleared, he turned the beam to the left, splashed over to the flares, grabbed them and waded out through the door. He wasn't two-thirds up the stairs when he realised the water in the cellar was actively rising. He bounded up to the shop floor as fast as he restrictive clothing allowed. \"Okay,\" he gasped, panting through a mixture of cold, fear and fatigue. \"Flares. We use these to signal to the ship when we get close enough. Okay?\" Both Donna and Chris nodded. \"Good, because we need to leave now.\" He pushed past them to the door, the shoebox-sized container of flares tucked under one arm and the torch in the other. He ducked through the shattered doorway and out into the street. Donna followed him out with Chris bringing up the rear. The howling of the wind and snow had been muted whilst they had been indoors, Chris noted as he staggered with the force of a sixty-mile an hour gust which cut down the length of Union Street to barrel straight into him. He could barely see the figures of CJ and Donna before him and for a second he almost panicked before he could make them out as vague blocky shapes before him. They almost looked like they were being transmitted onto a crap television on a terrible signal, slashed across as they were with driving snow. He struggled harder to keep up with them. He was filled with the stark terror of what would happen if he lost sight of them. He knew instinctively that in this almost total whiteout that he could stagger around blindly until he froze without once finding the shelter which was all around them. They turned a corner and the ground began to slope downhill. Now their pace slowed even more. The ground was treacherous, and the last thing Chris wanted to do was slip and get left behind. He wouldn't even be able to shout to his friends to wait as he got up, his voice was still ruined and going out in this storm wouldn't be doing he vocal chords any favours. It seemed to Chris that they had been slogging on for hours when they finally stopped. He drew level with CJ and Donna. They were staring into a white void, with the odd glimpse of buildings before them. He wondered why they had stopped, and then the curtains of snow suddenly parted and he wondered no more. They had reached the edge of the water. It was now, he realised, at least halfway up Bridge Street. From what he could see, it was as if the harbour had expanded, and now filled the streets before him as far as he could see. He felt his bones at that moment that whatever had happened to Aberdeen would be more than a merely local problem. Something deep within told him that whatever was going on now was devastation on a far larger scale. He noticed CJ was pointing at something out in the harbour. He followed the line of the finger. It was a huge ship, with a red hull and white superstructure. It was also the only source of light anywhere around them. It seemed to Chris that every single light on the ship was blazing defiantly against the storm. That must be it, he realised. The RRS James Clark Ross . The ship that was to rescue them. And it was out in the harbour, separated from them by a quarter of a mile of storm-whipped, deathly cold water…[Chapter 16] Ufanyihadjei! I'm not so excited as I write this since it appears the Padres have just lost again, which means they are heading at high speed for the wrong end of a series sweep. Bugger. Anyway, back to the story. In case you've forgotten, CJ, Chris and Donna are stood on the edge of the flooded harbour, looking out at the James Clark Ross . So, on with the story, and as you read think of the poor old Padres and pray that the entire Cardinals locker room comes down with some sort of debilitating stomach disease. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info Aberdeen, Scotland 11.23 PM, November 30th 2004 A quarter of a mile of grey, foamy, freezing water stood between the three friends and the R.R.S. James Clark Ross . There was, Chris could see, no way of getting out to the ship. Swimming was clearly suicide; they would get barely fifty feet before succumbing to the biting cold. He turned to CJ, but his flatmate had apparently read his mind and lit a flare. CJ waved the flare high above him. Sparks fluttered all around and everything took on a lurid red glow, but all three of them could see that there was not a cat in hell's chance of anybody on the ship spotting them through the blizzard. Abruptly the curtains of snow closed, and the view of the harbour was cut off as if Chris' eyes had been obscured with a blindfold. Bugger , he thought. \"What do we do?\" screamed Donna over the howling of the blizzard. Chris realised that even if he could talk, he didn't have a clue what to do next. And it appeared that CJ didn't have any bright ideas either. They were well and truly stuck in this devastated city, and, barring a miracle, were not going to live out this spectacular storm. He began looking around for someplace to take shelter. He began to gesture that they should all go back to Millets when one of those coincidences that he thought happened only in the movies but in fact happened in real life all the time occurred right in front of them. From out of the cloak of snow something orange was tossed out of the choppy waters and ground to a halt a few feet away from Chris' feet. His eyes opened wide at the incredible sight of a RNLI lifeboat now perched incongruously in the snow. He turned and began frantically tugging on Donna's sleeve to get her attention. Apparently neither she nor CJ had seen the lifeboat be simply spat out of the sea. He guessed that the wave had ripped it loose from its moorings at the lifeboat station, and now currents and wind had given it to them as a gift from the God he didn't believe in. Donna finally noticed his insistent tugging and turned. Chris saw her gaze fall upon on the lifeboat and felt a small surge of heat within him as her face lit up like a Christmas tree. Donna grabbed CJ by the shoulders and hauled him round to face the lifeboat. Although a scarf wrapped around his head obscured most of CJ's face, Chris saw his entire body radiate utter delight. For a second nobody thought about the problem of driving it and getting to the James Clark Ross . Then they did. The lifeboat didn't look heavy, but nobody doubted that it probably was. Nor did they know how to drive it or even how to get the engine started. Still it was their only chance, Chris knew, so they had better start solving their problems now. The stern of the lifeboat was pointing out into the harbour. CJ advanced towards the boat, trying to keep his balance on the icy slope. He took an experimental grip on the bowlines and heaved. Much to his surprise it scraped a few feet through the ankle-high layer of snow that had formed on the street. He motioned furiously at his friends to join him, and together the three of them with a huge amount of effort hauled the lifeboat sideways into the surf. CJ saw a fine white powder falling before his eyes. For a second in his semi-dazed state he thought it was some kind of terminal dandruff. Then he realised what it was. The sweat from his brow was freezing almost as fast as it left his body, and there it was dropping off him like his own personal blizzard. He felt a surge of panic run through him with this thought; his desire to be somewhere warm and safe became almost overwhelming. The lifeboat was lying parallel with the waterline now, and the three of them clambered in. Chris shot CJ an expression that read \" Now what?\" \"How hard can it be?\" CJ screamed in reply. He swivelled in his seat to look at the outboard motor behind him and squinted through the driving snow for a few seconds before grasping hold of the starter cord and yanked it hard. The motor coughed and spluttered in vain. Chris felt his heart sink, whatever ordeal the engine had gone through since being struck by the wave had clearly damaged it beyond use. \"We have to use these then!\" Donna yelled, brandishing a pair of paddles she had found in some hidden compartment. Chris' expression now read \" You have got to be kidding,\" but luckily everyone was too preoccupied with the current situation to notice. CJ took hold of one of the paddles and dug it into the water. Donna did the same on the other side of the boat, and with just a few pulls on the paddles they were under way. Almost instantly the going was hard. The sea was rough as hell, grey and muscular, and CJ felt his muscles creaking with the strain. With every wave the boat was tossed high in the air, and following every brief flight the bow dug into the following trough, sending water cascading over them all. Sat in the stern, Chris took a tight hold of the box of flares, clutching it tight to his chest. Without those flares he knew, there was no way they could signal to the ship and they would never be picked up. Of course they had to find the ship first, and right now he had no idea even where the ship was. He decided that he had better start using the flares now. There was no point in saving them. He flipped open the catches of the box, took out one of the red cylinders and cracked it on. Instantly a powerful red glare illuminated a six-foot circle around the boat. With one arm holding the flare aloft, and the other gripping the box tightly, he found it increasingly difficult to keep his balance in his seat. He just hoped that they would find the James Clark Ross soon. The flare in his hand went out. He tossed it overboard and grabbed another one from out of the box. He was about to light it when suddenly his world was turned upside down for a second he had the surreal sensation of flying, and his eyes picked up a brief impression of flailing limbs and the lifeboat tossed into the air. He wondered what all this meant when he hit the water and the breath was shocked out of his lungs. He had no idea what was going on. But he could feel the biting cold constricting his chest. Instantly breathing became painful, almost impossible. He quickly came to the conclusion he was about to drown, and the only thing he could do was light the flare he had kept clutched in his hand and raise it high above the water. But the effort of staying afloat and keeping one arm raised above his head quickly drained the energy from his body. He couldn't see CJ or Donna, and his last thought as the ocean closed over his head was that it was incredibly unfair that he was about to die alone…[Chapter 17] Eddie Guerrero 1967- 2005 R.I.P. R.R.S. James Clark Ross 11.23 PM, November 30th 2004 Dr. Clive Monroe and Crewman Oliver Cole had been stowing stores in the galley when the surge had hit. A three foot steel girder had punched straight through the hull and had avoided skewering Dr. Monroe by about six inches. As water had begun pouring in through the hole the two of them had scrambled clear and Cole had sliced his forearm open on the edge of the door. Now, from the mad dash topside, they were covered in scrapes and bruises. But, as Captain Marvin had told them, their injuries had to wait. Currently they were both wrapped up in thermal gear, struggling in the grip of the blizzard to clear all the debris that had been left on the deck of the ship when it had powered away from the building it had been thrown into during the surge. They were also here to lash down any loose equipment that may swing loose and damage the ship during the horrendous battering the James Clark Ross would endure while on the open seas. Privately Cole – a five-time veteran of Antarctic voyages – thought that if what they were heading into was really as bad as Tony Willis had made out then most of what was up here on deck was going to get ripped away no matter what. Still, they were going to need all the help they could get to survive this storm, so here they were, the only two people on board with no function, pressed into service in the crew's hour of need. The blizzard conditions made the work almost unendurable. Cole could barely feel his fingers, despite the three layers of gloves he wore. His arms and legs were practically numb, he knew that unless they finished their task pretty quickly then they would be going past the point of no return and they wouldn't care anymore whether or not the ship would be damaged. Currently the pair of them were struggling with a badly damaged sofa. The amount of water it had absorbed had made it ten times heavier than normal. Thankfully it was only a few feet away from the starboard side so just a minute or two of heavy lifting and they could throw it into the sea. And that, Cole had decided, would be that. To stay out any longer would mean death from exposure. With a final strain they threw the sofa overboard. Both men exhaled hard with the exertion and shared an expression, which said, \"That's it.\" Cole was exhausted from a mere fifteen minutes of work. Dr Monroe needed no second telling and turned to go. It was then that Cole saw the light in the sea. It was not much more than a dim red glow but the experienced seaman recognised it for what it was immediately. Distress flare . His curiosity piqued he went over to the edge of the ship and peered down in the tempestuous harbour. At first he couldn't see the flare, and for a second thought that he'd lost it. But, he swept the water with a practised eye and found the tiny red glow again. He tugged on Dr. Monroe's parka and gesticulated furiously at the point of light. For a second Monroe looked puzzled, then his eyes widened as he saw too. The flare had illuminated a circle of sea about ten feet wide less than thirty feet from the ship, and lit up inside that circle were three figures struggling desperately to stay above the waves. Instantly Cole and Monroe sprung into action, dashing to open the boxes for the life rings. There were two, red and white and stamped with R.R.S. James Clark Ross . Cole tied them both on to the railings with hands now supercharged with adrenaline. That done, he handed one of the rings to Dr Monroe, and with all the force he could through arms that burned with pain, flung his life ring towards the circle of light. It landed practically on top of two of the figures. He squinted his eyes, trying to peer through a sudden squall that reduced visibility by about half. Just as quickly it lifted again, and Cole felt a surge of elation. Those two figures had grabbed hold of the life ring, and he began pulling them in as Dr Monroe threw his own ring into the rapidly dying light of the flare. Cole kept hauling, feeling the agonised burning across his back and shoulders as he fought against the weight of the people in the water and the total power of the sea. Suddenly the flare winked out. This didn't matter to Cole, as those he was pulling closer were now within the powerful lights of the ship. But a quick sideways glance at Dr Monroe saw the other man's face now riddled with panic. The doctor could no longer see the remaining figure in the water and he strained his eyes to see past the glare of the James Clark Ross into the darkness. Then he felt a weight on the rope and he began pulling, praying that what the felt was the grasp of a survivor and not the monstrous pull of the ocean. Cole had the life ring and its passengers up against the hull of the ship, and he knew there was no way in hell he could pull them up here on his own. Frantically he wrapped the slack of the rope around his arm, and with his free hand pulled out the two-way radio clipped to his belt. \"This is Cole,\" he screamed over the crash of the sea and the howling of the blizzard. \"Come in anybody!\" \"This is Marvin, what is it?\" \"Captain, we have people in the water. We need assistance on the after deck now!\" Cole never heard the Captain's reply of \"Copy.\" Instead he dropped the radio and began hauling with all his might. He might as well have been tugging on a mountain. All he could do was keep the pair as close as possible to the ship and just hope that they could hang on. It took less than thirty seconds for help to arrive, but it felt to the two men at the railings like an eternity. Cole nearly dropped the rope when he felt a gloved hand come down on his shoulder, so focused he was on the backbreaking task. The unseen figure behind him took a hold on the rope, and together they hauled up what felt like a baby elephant but what turned out to be, as they fell over the railings, a young man and woman, both in their early twenties and both nearly half-drowned and frozen. \"Get these two below!\" he shouted to his unseen helper. He dropped the line in his hands, and despite the screaming pain across his entire upper body he staggered over to Dr Monroe, took a firm grip on the rope trailing behind him and once again began to pull. Both men were almost beyond exhaustion, but the urge to save a fellow human being pushed them beyond the pain barrier. \"I see him!\" Monroe screamed. With one hand on the rope he stood up on the railings and leaned over, his free hand reaching downwards to the last survivor just below the level of the deck. Cole saw a hand shoot up towards Monroe, grab the arm and pull in a desperate attempt to reach safety. What happened next seemed to happen in slow motion. Dr Monroe was off balance, perched precariously as he was on the railings. Cole could see right away that this was a bad thing, but before he could utter a word the doctor had lost all balance and was yanked bodily over the railings, a look of pure terror in his face. He was gone in a flash, but the last man he had been pulling up had caught the railings in an iron grip. Cole grasped the hand and pulled a blond-haired young man onto the deck. Once he was sure the man was safe he dashed to the railings and peered into the sea for Dr Monroe, life ring in hand. Nothing. The doctor had gone, dragged under the waves in less time it took to breathe.[Chapter 18] Da dika xalda shyn! Sputnik here with yet another chapter of the magnificent story 'Odyssey'. For all you lucky folks out there on t'internet, good news! From now on chapters should come thick and fast, at least for a little while, as plot twists and turns come at you like an old blind man speeding down the wrong way of the motorway (freeway, autobahn, whatever you may call it). What will happen to Chris now he has killed one of the crew? Will CJ remember his girlfriend 300 miles away? Will the James Clark Ross ever get under way? The answers to all these questions and more lie ahead! Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 1.03 A.M, December 1st 2004 God , thought Chris, his brain screaming in pain at the bright lights above him. My throat hurts . This particular thought occupied him for some minutes, going slowly round and round in his mind, just ambling along and enjoying the sights. It was, he noticed, mainly enjoying crappy sights, of which he seemed to have too many of. He was just coming to the conclusion that having this many crappy sights was not as good thing to have as a mind when he realised with a start there was an enormous weight pressing down on his body. He tried to sit up, but his arms and legs were having none of it. Instead they were choosing to lie there, weak and unresponsive. He forced his eyes open. That hurt too. Something large and pink loomed over him. He tried to scream in fear, as whatever hovered above him was utterly terrifying. But his voice was still silenced. Suddenly he felt his throat contract as a surge of salty water rushed up from his lungs and he instinctively turned on his side and vomited the filthy dark seawater onto the floor. Rolling again onto his back, his eyes suddenly working again, he could make out the clean white ceiling above him. He stared at it for a beat, trying to connect his last coherent memory with the antiseptic sterility that filled his horizons. He failed. His last coherent memory was… horrible. Again. Once more the last thing he had seen was a mountainous wall of water, and the last thing he had known was the pain of trying to breathe and feeling nothing in his lungs but the ocean. Twice, God that was ridiculous. So , how could he connect that to this? \"Hello?\" Chris jumped. His now-functioning eyes made out a concerned face hanging above him. He felt a surge of heat run through his numbed limbs. She was wrapped in a silvery thermal blanket, her long blonde hair hanging down towards him and her face pinched with cold. Her face cracked in a smile and she hugged her man tightly. He returned her smile with a pretty weak approximation of his own, and tried to show his own relief at seeing her without the use of his voice or body. He suddenly felt infinitely better. Maybe things were going to work out after all. Quite how he wasn't sure, but the feel of the one he loved filled him with a surge of optimism. Donna finally released her grip and pulled away. \"You okay?\" she asked. Chris widened his smile and nodded. Another face came into sight. \"Hey pal,\" said CJ. Chris' eyes opened in shock at the ugly freshly stitched scar adorning his flatmates forehead. \"Guy hit me on the head with a life ring,\" he said with a thin, rueful grin as he noticed Chris' eyes go wide. CJ too was soaked through and wrapped in a thermal blanket, his face tinged blue with dark rings under his eyes. \"Do you remember what happened?\" Donna asked gently. Chris tried to shrug, the universal signal for 'Not really'. Now more or less fully awake, he pulled his arms free of the layers of blankets pinning him down and mimed a pen and paper. Donna looked around the room – Chris could now see it was a medical room of some kind – and handed him a pen and a spiral notepad. With fingers he could barely feel he scrawled out what he could remember of the trip out into the harbour and what had happened between then and now – essentially nothing. \"Well that was useful,\" CJ observed sourly, the hole in his forehead shortening his temper. Donna shot him a poisonous glance and hugged Chris once again with relief. CJ didn't look all that bothered. Now that Chris came to think about it, his flatmate looked distracted, worried. Currently, he was chewing nervously on his fingernails. He scribbled again on the notepad and wrote simply What? \"Jenni,\" replied CJ simply. \"I'm worried 'bout her, y'know?\" Chris thought about writing she'll be ok or some such but realising after what the three of them had been through so far this night words like those were laughably hollow. \"Haven't heard from her since Sunday.\" Chris made the mime for phone. \"Bottom of the harbour mate.\" CJ really did have no common sense, Chris thought. He reached for the pad again. Must be phone in building \"We're on a ship, Chris,\" Donna said. The one we were heading for? \"Yep.\" When do we leave? \"Is that him?\" said a loud female voice from the doorway. Donna and CJ whirled around. Stood in the door was a smartly dressed woman in her late forties. She had a terrible look on her face of fury shot through with grief. Her eyes were red and raw, contrasting starkly with her pale skin. She stormed over to CJ and prodded him in the chest. \"Was it you?\" she asked, her voice rising in pitch and every word laced with accusation. \"What?\" CJ snapped back, clearly in no mood for this. \"Did you kill my husband?\" Chris sat bolt upright at this. The fog in his brain suddenly had lifted and a new rapier sharp memory had just lanced through his mind. Oh God, no . \"Zoe, no!\" A man dressed in an orange boiler suit ran into the medical room and pushed between the woman and CJ. Chris immediately figured this new arrival to be an engineer on the ship, and he was radiating an air of competence and authority. \"You killed Clive!\" Zoe said over the shoulder of the engineer. Then she broke down, and began crying into the chest of this new arrival. The sound of footsteps heralded the entrance of several new people, all dressed in warm clothing, whom Chris guessed to be more of the crew. Another woman came up to the sobbing Zoe, and gently led her out of the room with an arm around her shoulder. \"That's him Captain,\" said one man to another shorter guy dressed in a navy sweater with gold stripes on his shoulders. They were both looking at Chris. \"Okay, son,\" the captain began. \"You have some explaining to do.\"[Chapter 19] Nîmen hâo! Sputnik here. How are all you fans out there in Fanfictionland? Doing well I hope 'cos here is another chapter like. In this chapter various exciting things happen and the James Clark Ross finally, finally, gets under way. Probably anyway. I'm not really sure, but then again I haven't actually written it yet so we shall see what emerges, eh? Anyway, onwards and upwards. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 2.15 A.M. December 1st, 2004 CJ was sat on the floor in the corner of the infirmary, beginning to feel the first signs of complete exhaustion. He was keeping his eyes open, but it was a struggle. Today had been the most physically and mentally tiring day he had ever know and the fog of sleep was knocking persistently at the doors to his body. The problem was, every time he tried to let himself drift away, a slide-show displaying all that had happened to him today paraded on the back of his eyelids, and he was jerked instantly to full consciousness. The last hour hadn't been so pleasant, either. He, Chris and Donna had been subjected to the kind of interrogation that would have put the KGB to shame. Whatever had happened to the captain tonight he had not been best pleased, screaming questions at them like who were they and why they were here. CJ had just replied truthfully, since he honestly couldn't think of any other reason why they would have done what they had done to get on board this ship. He had told the captain that they just wanted a ride out of Aberdeen. \"You could have been killed,\" the captain had said. \"I'm not an idiot, mister. I can see something big is happening. I wouldn't give us good odds if we had stayed where we were.\" CJ had figured out – through concerted eavesdropping – that in the mayhem that had engulfed them all a number of people from the crew had been killed, one of them whilst saving their lives, and that was why that woman had come in and screamed at him, and that was why the captain was so pissed off at everybody. There was no need for the Spanish Inquisition act, though , CJ thought to himself. Of course CJ could guess another reason, that unless this ship got moving very soon then nobody would be going anywhere. That unless the James Clark Ross was on her way to the open seas that she would be their tomb. Frankly, however, he didn't really care. All that had occupied his mind since they had been hauled on board this boat was one word – Jenni . He figured that he would be pretty safe here once – hah, if – they finally got under way. From the intercepted radio transmissions and conversations on the ship he had deduced that the plan was to leave Aberdeen and head full steam southwards, getting away from this 'Superstorm' as fast as the engines could drive them. So he wasn't worried about himself in the slightest. He knew Jenni lived in a little village on the up in the hills that marked the beginning of the North Yorkshire Moors, an expanse of wild moorland and heather that covered a large portion of the North Yorkshire. He could even quote her exact co-ordinates, since he had learnt them when they had been doing their Duke of Edinburgh awards. Her village was at a relatively high altitude, very isolated and probably – if they were seeing the same amount of snow as up here – going to be cut off very soon. He also knew that she wouldn't be getting the hell out of there. After all, so far there was no reason for her to think otherwise. It was snowing, so what? But his heart ached because he knew what she did not – could not – know. This storm was going to be unlike anything seen for ten thousand years; to be trapped beneath it was to die. It was amazing, he reflected, just how terrified you could be just be eavesdropping on a few conversations. And how he wished he hadn't heard that the love of his life was about to buried under a trillion tonnes of ice and snow. It was quite simple really. He wasn't worried for his immediate family, his mother and younger brother all lived in the south of Spain and he was fairly sure they would be safe. And even if the storm did reach that far south, then surely they would have enough warning to escape. As for his extended family, they had all been on his late father's side, and he did not know them all that well to begin with, so that didn't worry him unduly. No, all his worry was focused on one person, and as he sat in the cold corner of the infirmary he wrapped his arms around his knees and stared off into space, not even feeling the gentle but persistent roll of the ship as it rode the waves in the harbour. What could he do? He had nearly died getting on this ship; there was no way he could get off. Besides, they weren't even allowed out of the room. Once the captain had finished his little question and answer session he had left the infirmary and locked the Goddamned door behind him. So now he couldn't even find a phone and warn her, tell her to head south, if it wasn't already too late to do so. Suddenly he both heard and felt a rumble from the depths of the ship. The noise was so startling he noticed Donna jump up from Chris' shoulder where she had been dozing. He was no expert but he guessed that this was the engines starting up. This was confirmed a second later when the PA system burst into life. \"Now hear this, now hear this. This is the captain speaking, we are getting underway. That is all.\" There was silence from the PA for a second before the same voice spoke again. \"And may God have mercy on us all.\" How inspiring , CJ thought grimly. He looked at his watch; miraculously still working after all it had gone through this night. He blinked to clear his eyes from the daze that had begun to shroud them, and finally made out the figures on the quartz screen. It was two twenty-eight on the morning of December the first, 2004, and the James Clark Ross , with fifteen souls on board, was setting out. And waiting for her like a slavering beast was three thousand miles of open ocean and the deadliest storm in human history. And it waswith a stately grace and power the James Clark Ross headed out into the teeth of the superstorm.[Chapter 20] Apparently I can't say anything here anymore, so I'm not going to… Blast. Ignore that last bit. Blast again. Ignore that part as well. Blast. Oh forget it. Marhaba! Just let me put my thanks to Mat for the rockin' review. To answer your criticism, the reason my solution to getting our people on the James Clark Ross is so unlikely and – lets face it – so incredibly lame is because for the life of me I couldn't figure out how to get the three leads from the street to the ship, so I basically cheated, but what the hell, this is fiction, I can do what I like. Though if you do have any ideas as to how Chris, CJ and Donna could cross half a mile of water in an equally exciting but more plausible way feel free to email me. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 8.20 A.M, December 1st, 2004 It was dawn in the North Sea, not that Marvin could tell. The storm was upon them, and it had turned night into day. The captain was on the bridge of the ship, peering vainly out into the howling blizzard they were steaming into. Every searchlight they possessed was trained outwards. The ship's radar had been rendered useless by the enormous waves they had to plough through. And if, God forbid, there was someone else out there, the only warning they would get would be visual. The North Sea wasn't exactly empty, he knew. There were so many rigs, ferries, transports, fishing boats and recreational idiots in the area there was barely any room for the water. With radar down and visibility as utterly rotten as it was they were forced to be ultra vigilant, and Marvin had stationed six members of the crew with binoculars at the lookout posts in the hope they could spot any potential disaster before it happened. He didn't envy them one bit. The James Clark Ross was driving through the foulest, roughest storm he had ever experienced, and as an Antarctic veteran he was no stranger to the worst weather the world had to offer. The thing was, if it was this bad in the North Sea, what was it going to be like once they got out into the real open ocean? What was it going to be like in the mountainous seas of the Atlantic? The James Clark Ross was – due to her design as an ice-strengthened ship – as stable as an ice-skating bull in a china shop on the best of seas. Now, in the storm-wracked North Sea it took all his experience and more than a little luck just to stay roughly vertical. Currently he was stood, legs braced and hands gripping tightly the railing that ran around the bridge and he still had been knocked to the floor twice when the ship had dug her prow into some truly monster waves. James Clark Ross was steaming through a watery hell, and every so often as the blizzard gusted particularly ferociously or a massive wave swallowed the bow Marvin truly doubted her ability to stay afloat. But despite the stomach-churning motion of the ship, she was doing just that, bravely shouldering aside waves that would contemptuously drown lesser ships. A morose and bad-tempered drunk he may be, Marvin was still the master and commander of a British vessel, and he could feel the strain this storm was putting on his ship, and he hated himself for wondering when – brave as she was – the James Clark Ross would be defeated by this awesome weather and sunk. \"Captain.\" Marvin turned his head to see McIntyre walk onto the bridge. His engineer braced himself in the doorway as the ship once again bit into another huge wave and began the arduous process of hauling herself free of thousands of tons of freezing water. The engineer walked awkwardly across to the captain, reaching the stanchion just in time to brace himself yet again. \"What?\" Marvin asked, with a hint of irritation. He wasn't really irritated; he was just trying to disguise his fear. \"Repairs are holding up so far. Unless something major gives out, we should be okay.\" The ship shuddered once again, and McIntyre grimaced. \"Anyway, I've got my crew on six hour watches. If something does break we'll know straight away.\" \"That it?\" \"Yeah. I'm off to get my head down. Don't call me for five hours or I will murder you in your sleep.\" The engineer turned and left the tense silence behind him. Marvin stewed for a bit, wishing he had an engineer who was both a genius and personable. Less Scottish , he thought with a grim smile. Tony Willis stumbled past the departing McIntyre and onto the bridge. The weatherman was very much out of his depth at the moment. He had never been on an Antarctic voyage before, never really been on a boat for an extended trip before. This storm was far beyond anything he had ever experienced. They had only been going six hours or so, and he had been sick three times. The constant, jarring motion of the ship filled him with nausea, and more than once as he had lain on his bunk and wished for death. He was a fucking weatherman, not a sailor for Christ's sake. He was only up and about now because he was looking for the cook, David Morse. With the entire medical crew dead Morse was the most qualified first-aider in the crew. It was he who had stitched up the head of the tall man they had pulled out of the water in Aberdeen. \"Where's David?\" Willis asked, hating the sour taste of vomit that filled his mouth. \"He's on spotting duty out on the wing.\" It seemed to Marvin that Willis had suddenly received a jolt of fifty thousand volts or something, so sudden and complete was the change in the weatherman. \"Call him back in, Captain! Call him back in now !\" \"What?\" Tony dived across the bridge and yanked open the door which led outside to the starboard bridge wing. Instantly freezing wind and ice blasted inside. Willis was staggered for a second, before he dashed outside with not a thought for his own safety and without a consideration for the elements. Bewildered, Marvin moved over to the bulkhead and popped his head outside as much as he dared. \"Help me!\" Willis screamed above the sound of the maelstrom. The weatherman had Morse in his arms and was struggling to bring the inert cook back inside. Marvin took an arm and shouldered half the weight and together they dragged the bundle of flesh and thermals back into the warmth and relative safety of the bridge. They lowered Morse to the floor. The cook was soaked through, his face obscured by the hood of his parka, now waterlogged and weighing about five times more than it normally would. \"Jesus man, didn't you think of how cold it would be out there?\" Willis was unzipping the parka, trying to get the dangerously wet clothing off. \"But, the clothes are rated for the temperature…\" Marvin began, not understanding. Willis pulled the hood from Morse's face, and instantly stopped. He could see that any further action was just a waste of time. The cook's face was blue. Lips, nose, cheeks, all were a pale blue. It didn't take a genius to see that David Morse had died standing up, his spotting glasses still in his hands. \"Wind chill, Captain,\" Willis said, sitting back with a breathless resignation. \"And water temperature. His clothes are so soaked, it all added up and those minimum ratings didn't mean shit.\" And with that the nausea returned and he dashed from the bridge, trying to hold his stomach contents in before he could reach the nearest head. And then it dawned on Marvin, still kneeling in a freezing puddle, that he had ordered five more souls out into the storm. And with that knowledge came the burning scythe of guilt tearing through his soul. The guilt of a murderer. And he couldn't force out the simple order \"Bring them all in,\" because in all fairness, it was already far too late…[Chapter 21] Fesapshi! Sputnik here. Hope you are all doing well, whoever you may be. Here is another chapter of my story. I don't know what is going to happen in this chapter, I'm just riffing basically, making it up as I go. Good God, I can't believe I just said that… Anyway, this chapter was created with the help of the films Frailty (No Soul Is Safe) and U-571 (Nine Ordinary Men Are About To Change History) and six cans of Dr Pepper (Zero Added Sugar! Great Taste!) And now with any luck Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and Coca-Cola Enterprises will keep me in DVDs and fizzy pop from now until the day my eyes and teeth fall out. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 9.02 A.M, December 1st, 2004 Chris had been sick. Normally this would be just inconvenient and messy, but when it came to vomit and Chris normal didn't enter the equation. The sight of vomit filled him with an overwhelming nausea. It was bad enough when he saw someone else be sick. Hell, CJ thought , it was bad enough when he thought about being sick .He was afraid of vomit exactly like other people were afraid of snakes or spiders or heights. Normally Chris combated this by popping an almost infinite number of XXX mints – anti-sickness mint shells he called them – but the packet he had been carrying with him before all this had started was probably at the bottom of Aberdeen harbour. Even that might have been alright if it hadn't been for the roller coaster ride this voyage had turned into with minutes of the ship reaching the open ocean. Chris had lasted twenty minutes before being sick for the first time, and from then on he had been caught in a vicious cycle. The sight of the vomit had caused him to be sick again, and the sight of that had… and so on. He had emptied his stomach contents four hours ago, and was now heaving up foul yellow bile every ten minutes or so. His face was grey and drained, and he sat shivering against the far wall. Donna had one arm wrapped around his shoulders, pinning a blanket around his skinny frame, and the other arm holding a bucket, ready to hold it beneath her lover's mouth when the need arose. CJ was sat as far away as possible, pressed up against the opposite bulkhead. It took a lot to make his stomach turn, but the smell in the infirmary was unbelievable, and no amount of British reserve was going to make him suffer by sitting near his friend. He closed his eyes and leant his head against the wall with a sigh. Almost unconsciously his arm moved and his hand closed around the rosary beads that had once hung from his belt and were now curled up in the pocket of his borrowed trousers. He had been born a Catholic, his Irish grandparents had made sure he was raised a Catholic, his education had raised him even further a Catholic, and being away from his family and girlfriend had kept him one up here, strangely enough. \"Hail Mary,\" he began, watching the beads swing from his fist with the motion of the ship. He knew he was praying in that semi-fervent whispering that religious maniacs used whenever they sat next to him on trains and buses, but he didn't care. He was scared shitless, locked in a vomit-filled room on a ship in the middle of the ocean, far away from home and the people he loved. \"Right,\" he said, putting the beads back in his pocket. He got up and made his way to the door. He stood for a second, examining its features. Then he took a firm grip of the frame with both hands and knocked the door open with one powerful kick of his foot. \"Wait here,\" he said, with one backwards glance at Chris and Donna. \"I'm not goin' anywhere,\" Chris murmured, only half conscious. \"Won't be ten minutes,\" CJ muttered, striding through the doorway. He looked left, right, and randomly struck out, heading left down the corridor. He hadn't got ten feet when he was tossed into the wall by a sudden lurch of the ship. The impact gave him a dead arm, and he clutched at it frantically to quell the pain. As the ship began to roll the other way he regained his balance and carried on down the corridor, more carefully now to ensure he kept his footing. He kept on walking this way, keeping the muscles in his legs tensed and ready for the next big wave, until he came up to a t-junction. A sign on the wall showed two arrows pointing either way up the corridor. CJ grinned at his fortune as he peered up at the sign that said simply \"COM ROOM\", and then he cursed as he was taken off guard and thrown once more into the wall with flesh bruising force. He had been on ships before during a storm, including one memorable cross-Channel ferry trip where it had seemed that nearly everyone (except him, thank God) had been spewing their guts out all over the place. But those, they were nothing compared to this battering. He knew – well, guessed – from the big 'DECK E' sign before him that he was fairly low down on the ship, and he shuddered to think what it was like higher up on the bridge, where the frantic rocking and rolling of the ship would be many times worse. Right , he resolved, COM ROOM it was . Where there was, with any luck at least a radio, which given time he could figure out, and if he was really lucky a satellite phone. He laughed beneath his breath. Even an idiot could work one of those , he thought with a sly grin, and was then rewarded for his smugness with a third painful trip into the wall. Rubbing his arm CJ followed the COM ROOM arrow, walking past a series of identical white doors which bore labels like 'Hydrology Dept' and 'Stores'. None of the doors bore the label 'COM ROOM', but ahead of him were a flight of steps, with a watertight door at the top. The heavy was door was open a fraction, so lacking any alternatives he went up, treading extra carefully because he really did not want to be pitched down these steps the next time the ship was roughed up a little bit. At the top of the stairs the ship rolled once more, and CJ only just managed to stop his fall by grabbing the locking wheel on the door and holding on tight while both his legs shot out from under him. He pushed the door open as the ship swung back again and fell out into the corridor beyond, landing hard and bruising the inside of his wrists. He lay on the steel deck for a second, getting his breath back and cursing more or less everything. As he pulled himself upright he wished for just a second he was back home. Not Aberdeen home, but Yorkshire home where the summers lasted forever, where there was music for every golden moment and where golden moments happened so often the music never seemed to stop. Walking to work down a sun-dappled forest path feeling the early morning air breath around him. Hitting a six for the village cricket team on a perfect summer's evening. Jenni… He lurched on down the empty corridor, pressing one arm against the wall to maintain his balance. The com room was the fifth one along, and as he peered through the little portal set into it and he saw what could only be that wonderful satellite phone plugged into a black re-charging box his hand wrapped unconsciously once more around the rosary at his belt and he grinned like a Cheshire cat. He pushed the door open, grabbed the phone and typed in the number he knew from memory. He held the phone to his ear, heard a few seconds static as the satellite bounced the signal down to earth and connected to the phone network, and then the sound of ringing. Piece of cake .[Chapter 22] Um bolo! Nothing much to say, apart from it is good to get some reviews, though I have to say it is nice to get some after all this time (hint, hint). Still, cheers for the reviews go to arianin, Dartz-IRL and Rhasa. Anyway (adopts cheesy American accent and perfect smile), this chapter was brought to you by American Beauty (…look closer), Aliens vs. Predator (Whoever Wins… We Lose), Red Dwarf IV and The Day After Tomorrow (Where Will You Be?). Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 2.15 P.M, December 1st, 2004 Captain Marvin was in his cabin, lying on his bunk, trying to catch a few hours sleep he desperately needed before the James Clark Ross entered the broad, violent Atlantic. He knew he had to be as fresh as possible for when they steamed into that war zone of ocean they were heading for. But it wasn't working, and it wasn't the huge swell that was making a concerted effort to sink the ship that wasn't keeping him awake. In the space of four days three quarters of his crew had died. Three in the mad stampede which now, with the benefit of hindsight, had been a vital warning which everybody had missed. Thirteen when the storm surge had struck – although Marvin was desperately hoping some had been away collecting provisions when it had happened – and washed away to certain death. And now this, five more men and women frozen solid because of his orders. He needed a drink, and right now he would be comfortably on his way to being wasted, if only the bottle of Stolichnaya had not been tossed from the special cradle he had put it in which normally would protect it from rough seas. He had actually let loose a wail of anguish when he had found out. So now he couldn't sleep. Instead he had lain in his bunk, braced against the starboard bulkhead and closed his eyes. And then he had opened his eyes when a parade of broken and frozen and drowned faces had marched before him and he had screamed and thrown the mug that always stayed by his bunk – the one bearing the legend World's Greatest Husband – against the far bulkhead where it had shattered into a thousand pottery pieces. Several hours had passed since then, and he had been staring at the ceiling, feeling hours and minutes and seconds slip by as the great Western ocean grew ever nearer. He now let out a huge sigh as a flash of lightning punched through the storm and filled his cabin with harsh blue light. This is useless , he thought with a surge of frustration. He swung his legs out of his bunk, picked up the remote control for his wall mounted TV and clicked it on. BBC News 24 was the first channel on. Tony Blair was addressing Parliament, the caption at the bottom read ' Prime Minister orders evacuation of Northern UK' . He couldn't hear what the Prime Minister was saying, the volume was down low and the pounding of the ocean drowned out what sound there was. The caption changed to the scientifically inaccurate ' Thousands feared dead in tidal wave '. Marvin didn't really feel anything about that statement; it was too late for anything like that. He watched for a few minutes without thinking a thing, never really reading the scrolling captions at the foot of the screen which went on and on and on about how the whole atmosphere was being turned inside out, and warning people to run away. Too late , he thought, with some finality. People stuck beneath the storm were dead already, they just didn't know it yet. Suddenly the picture on screen jogged, as if somebody had just nudged the cameraman. Marvin noticed with some interest the stream of dust and snow that streamed down onto the Prime Minister's head from some unseen place up high in the House of Commons. Both the cameraman and the Prime Minister looked up at the ceiling, and Marvin eyes widened in shock as he saw a hole open up in the ancient roof, letting snow pour through like a waterfall. The hole got wider and huge pieces of timber and tiling tumbled down into the chamber. The camera followed the plummeting debris falling through space, then the screen suddenly went blank and the picture switched back to the BBC anchor, his mouth wide open in disbelief. Fully alert, yet wishing he wasn't, Marvin sat bolt upright and scrabbled for the remote again. He flicked frantically through the channels, trying to find images from the House chamber. He stopped when he reached FoxNews, and his jaw fell open as far as the BBC anchorman's. The screen was filled a vision from the end of the world. Marvin was a music fan. Indeed in the corner of his cabin was a guitar that once upon a time he had played to deal with the stressful position of master of this vessel. He knew what the Capitol Records building in Los Angeles looked like, knew by heart in fact. And what he saw now was that building being chewed up by a tornado. A tornado! It was huge, grey, surrounded by thousands of pieces of swirling debris. As he watched, not really believing, he saw a fire engine, lights flashing, spiralling through the air like a toy, then crashing with a colossal explosion into the street. Marvin's mind raced. He picked up the phone hung up on the wall next to his bunk, stabbed in a three digit number, and barked \"Willis!\" as soon as a bleary voice answered the phone. \"Captain?\" \"Get up to my cabin right now!\" \"Right away.\" Marvin slammed the phone back down and turned his attention back to the TV. Some reporter – the caption identified him as Tommy Levinson – was standing in the middle of some LA street, screaming into a microphone and gesturing at the two tornadoes that were tearing into the skyline behind him. Marvin gaped, both of these tornadoes were larger than the one he had seen destroy the Capitol Records building, towering thousands of feet into the sky. The camera panned left and the screen was almost filled by a huge black column, at least a mile wide, ploughing through the skyscrapers of downtown Los Angeles, tearing apart buildings as if they were made of paper. The camera panned back to the reporter who had just enough time to open his mouth to say something when a huge black rectangle – Marvin didn't see what it was – ripped into the reporter like a blade and carried him away. The screen cut back to the studio anchors, both trying to regain their professional composure and not really succeeding. As the picture changed back to a helicopter shot of the massive tornado, now with several smaller ones zipping across the horizon like sprites in the background, there was a knock on the door. \"Come in,\" Marvin shouted, never taking his eyes off the TV, seeing flecks of colour that were all that remained of walls and desks and computers and people being sucked into the sky. \"Captain?\" Marvin gave a quick glance in the weatherman's direction, barley noting that Willis looked like a man who hadn't slept in twenty-four hours, which was in fact the case. \"Take a look at this, Tony,\" the captain said, gesturing at the TV, \"and tell me what the hell is going on.\"[Chapter 23] Zdravo! Another chapter! Eagle eyed observers amongst you may have noticed time in the story has suddenly zipped forward several hours. DON'T PANIC. This is deliberate, I haven't made a huge continuity cock-up or anything so calm down and keep on R&R;'in. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 2.25 P.M, December 1st, 2004 Chris was watching CJ from his perch on the bed, his back braced against the hull, feeling the hammering blows of the sea every few seconds as the endless procession of waves crashed into the ship. He wasn't feeling sick any more, he was pleased to say. Donna had found him some pills to combat his seasickness in the medical bay, and he had taken a fistful in relief without even thinking. He had started feeling noticeably better within a few minutes, and only then had read the label. It had read 'Causes Drowsiness' . Wonderful, he thought. These pills knocked you out and he had taken enough to KO a carthorse. Of course he had passed out a few minutes later, which, given what his body had gone through in the past twelve hours or so had been a blessed respite. When he had woken he was in a darkened room, and yet another unfamiliar ceiling hovered above his eyes. He had tried to get up, and found Donna asleep on his chest. His legs had felt like they belonged to him again, and gently, so as not to wake his sleeping lover, he got to his feet for what felt like the first time in a month. \"Welcome back to the land of the living,\" a voice had said from the gloom, almost drowned out by a tremendous thunderclap that had filled the room with searing white light. That second of illumination had shown him that they were in a small cabin with two bunks set into the wall, the bottom of which he had been sleeping. There was a built in wardrobe and a sink set into the opposite wall. A few other touches, like a mirror and a tiny desk, completed the sparse furnishings of what was obviously the cabin of a low ranking member of the crew. The surprise of both the voice and unexpected thunder had caused Chris to jump, and it had been only as his heart had begun to beat again that he had worked out that the voice had been CJ's, who was sitting in the corner, staring out of the porthole into the storm. He was gone in an instant, the pitch darkness of night swallowing him up. \"You're heavier than you look,\" CJ had said, then remained silent for the next hour until now. Donna still slumbered on the bunk, and occasionally whimpered in her sleep, her smooth face creasing as some remembered fear stalked her dreams. Chris sat with her feet on his lap, watching his flatmate in the darkness, and stroking Donna's lower legs comfortingly whenever the night terrors visited her. Chris now found that his throat no longer felt like someone had slashed a knife across it, which was a welcome change. In the brief periods since he had lost his voice that he had been able to think properly – such as they were – he had worried that his vocal chords had been damaged beyond repair by their soakings in icy water. He wasn't looking forward to having to communicate via pen and paper for the rest of his life, so after an hour of sitting in the darkness he had opened his mouth and hoped for the best. \"Where are we?\" he croaked. Not bad , he decided. True he sounded like he needed a fistful of Strepsils before he could talk normally, but it was better than nothing. There was silence from the other side of the room, but it was a contemplative silence, as if CJ was trying to find the best words for the answer. \"Dead crewman's cabin,\" came the eventual reply. If those were the best words , thought Chris, then I definitely don't want to hear the worst words . \"How do you know they're dead?\" \"I heard them – the crew – talking about it last night, so when we moved you out of the sickbay I found a cabin that I knew we wouldn't be bothered in.\" \"Why?\" \"Because we aren't very popular on this ship and I want to keep out of everyone's way.\" \"They can't just toss us overboard.\" Chris couldn't see his housemate, but the silence that followed that statement seemed to contain an aura of a raised eyebrow. \"Can they?\" he asked. \"You pulled one of their crew over the side,\" CJ said. \"Remember? I think given the shit we're all sinking in nobody would notice if the three of us suddenly vanished. We are a long way from home right now.\" \"Yeah, but-\" \"Shut up!\" CJ snapped. \"Something has gone hellishly wrong and the normal rules of what's right and wrong stopped applying the moment that fucking tidal wave rolled in so I don't want to hear you bleating on about getting thrown off the ship.\" A memory reared in Chris' mind, and coupled with a moment of intuitiveness gave him a flash of inspiration. \"What did Jenni say when you got through to her?\" he asked softly. The ship shook around them as it dived head first into a mighty trough in the ocean. It shuddered violently, seeking to haul itself free from the awesome cloak of a million tonnes of water. Lightening filled the cabin, and for a second Chris could see the anguished expression of pain etched on CJ's face, now a monochromatic mask of despair and torture. \"She's snowed in man, she's trapped and she'll never get out\" Chris thought for a second of his own family, on holiday in the Canary Islands, safe and warm, then tried to think of what it would be like stuck beneath a freezing blanket of snow that rose ever higher. He shivered as another tremor rumbled through the hull. \"I got through to her and you wouldn't believe how good it was to hear her speak.\" CJ was audibly struggling to keep his emotions in check, the pain of his terrible burden now mixing with the potent stress of the last eighteen hours. \"And we started off talking like it was just a normal call, like none of this had happened. Then I told her it'd be best if she got out…\" \"I think it's a bit late for that,\" she said, only the slightest hint of anxiety betraying her otherwise jovial demeanour. \" What?\" CJ replied, his heart now starting to beat just a fraction quicker. \"Why?\" \" You know what the roads are like up here when it snows.\" CJ had to agree on that point. Up near the moors the roads were often single lane affairs that got blocked up by the merest dusting of snow. Plus Jenni's little Fiat hatchback was okay for nipping through city traffic but mostly useless for bulling its way through snowdrifts. Still… \" Can't you at least try?\" \" What's the rush?\" CJ wanted to say \"You're going to die if you stay there,\" but he couldn't, he could not even open his mouth to speak. All he did was listen silently as Jenni spoke reassuringly about sitting it out, sitting out the deadliest storm in the history of humanity. He became aware that she had stopped speaking. \" Hello?\" \" I love you,\" CJ said instead of what he was thinking; now trying to remember her voice to take with him wherever he may be going. \" Love you too,\" she said, a whisper of static now cutting across the line. \" I'll see you when this is all over...\" I can only hope, he thought as she hung up the phone.[Chapter 24] Dina namona! Yet more chapter… Enjoy, that is an order. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 8.35 P.M, December 2nd, 2004 Another day had gone by. Another twenty-four hours wherein James Clark Ross had left the North Sea, left the comparative calm of the English Channel and finally, finally , eight hours ago, they had pushed into the Atlantic. And if Marvin had thought that the storm had been rough before he now found out that the hell the broad Atlantic had become was like nothing he had ever known. His knees were stiff and painful from having to constantly bracing them against the wild pitching and rolling the ship was going through. He was also exhausted, having stayed awake for twenty-four hours on a combination of horror and coffee. BAS H.Q. had gone, swamped when the surge had raised the waters of the channel by fifty feet and flooded the whole south coast, including their home base of Southampton. Now he was alone, with only the last standing orders to go on, and those orders were to get the hell out of town. And he was happy to follow those orders. It seemed that the whole world was falling down around them. Ever since he had seen the roof collapse at the Houses of Parliament – most of Government was dead apparently – and LA be devastated by huge tornadoes he hadn't dared watch the TV. Tony Willis had come up to the bridge twice to inform him of yet more disasters – one of the towers of Notre Dame had fallen and the eastern seaboard of Canada was being devastated by a surge similar to the one the UK had already experienced – but Marvin hadn't really heard. For twenty-four hours he had stood on the bridge staring ahead as wave after wave rolled over the foredeck. The power of the sea had already stripped most of it bare, tearing away cranes, lifebelts, the tiny motorboat they used to retrieve sonar buoys. All were gone, ripped aware by the ravenous ocean and swallowed without a trace. For the first time he had seriously doubted their ability to survive. At current speed, nothing more than a few knots in this sea, it would take them four days to get through the Bay of Biscay and far enough south to get out of the area the storm was projected to cover. Four days. If things didn't calm down soon they would be lucky to see out the next four minutes. He was fatally convinced every time the James Clark Ross was buried by another breaking wave that this would be time that they wouldn't come back up, that this time they would be forced under and drowned forever. He had seen it happen in his time, seen a vessel be swallowed by the sea in less than a blink, and his exhausted mind had convinced him that he and his ship was next. But he knew that things weren't going to calm down. In all probability, they were going to get worse, so now all he could was stand at his post, and wait for the moment when the fate of him and his crew would be out of his hands. That, and drink endless cups of coffee. \"Captain!\" A breathless voice from behind him broke his glum reverie. He turned to see Tony Willis stumbling onto the bridge, clearly having just run up several flights of stairs to get here. Willis was stood before him now, gasping with exertion. He looked about ready to deliver his message when two things happened simultaneously. Firstly, Willis, who was looking over Marvin's shoulder and out onto the foredeck, gave a gasp of terror and his face suddenly seized up in fear, his eyes as wide as saucers. Secondly, a screamed word that would live with him the rest of his life, riddled with harmonics of utter, brain-numbing horror. It was Barry Hulme, his helmsman, a grizzled sailor of fifty-five who had seen everything the ocean had to offer, and the one and only word that left his lips was a terrible cry of doom. \"CAPTAIN!\" Once more Marvin whirled around and knew instantly that his life had only a few brief seconds left to it. It was the most massive wave he had ever seen, easily a hundred feet high, now only a few yards from the bow of the James Clark Ross , heading for them head-on, with a truly unstoppable momentum. He stared ahead, paralysed with fear, as a million tonnes of brine teetered over them like the wrath of God. Hurried footsteps to his left and behind told him Tony Willis and Barry Hulme were making a run for it, but he knew better than to run. There was nowhere to run to. They were finished, it was simple as that. He closed his eyes as the James Clark Ross shuddered and the wave drove into them and over them and through them. He was thinking of Daisy, and of how things could have been so different if he hadn't… The windows of the bridge caved in and in less than a heartbeat the walls were torn away. The ocean surged onwards through the guts and arteries of the stricken ship, blasting open doors and knocking through bulkheads as if they were paper. The sound of tearing metal pierced the storm as the upper decks were swept clean of everything in a cacophony of disaster. The wave passed on after thirty seconds of causing near mortal damage. But by a miracle the James Clark Ross had survived, but at a terrible price. She was now drifting helplessly, caught in the teeth of the superstorm two hundred miles from Europe and two thousand from America. Her crew had now been halved in number once again, leaving just seven to hope and pray and struggle they would see out this, the dawning of a new ice age.[Chapter 25] Sa'benerica! Sputnik here! Betchayall didn't see that coming did you? Well, now Captain Marvin has taken the Long Bath That Needs No Towel I'm gonna tell you what the wave does to everyone else on the ship. Who are the surviving seven? What will happen next to them? I know some of you care… presumably. So all those people who register my story or even me as a Favourite, please review me. I mean, what's the worst thing that can happen? I accept all criticism (such as it is) and praise equally, so don't be worrying about any reprisals or anything, I'm mostly harmless in that respect… I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU ALL THINK! Ahem… Anyway, you ignore that chainsaw wielding outburst and do whatever you want. Anyhoo ladies and gentlemen, this Chapter was brought to you by King Kong (2005 version) and Wrestlemania's 10 Greatest Matches . Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 8.36 P.M. December 1st 2004 There were fifteen people left alive on board the James Clark Ross at the time the monster wave struck. Captain Marvin and Barry Hulme on the bridge were both killed instantly, the latter when he slipped in a frantic dash to survive and was dragged out into the Atlantic before he could even scream, the former remaining at his post until his life had been ended as the bridge was ripped open like a sardine tin Tony Willis was luckier in one respect, in that he wasn't killed, but he was struck by a surging cataract of water that crashed into him from behind and swept him along half the length of the ship before he could even draw breath. The torrent of freezing water was utterly merciless, propelling him into sharp objects and painfully unyielding bulkheads. He felt his body be wracked by lightning bolts of agony as bones broke and his lungs filled with water. The part of his mind that wasn't scrabbling through his head with panic told him he was going to drown. He was just beginning to accept this news when a sheet of white light exploded behind his eyes and his entire face became a mask of pain. He had been forced up against something solid. The flow of the surge still battered him from behind, but he was able to surface with a frantic, ecstatic gasp. He looked around, and in the glow of submerged lights which cast a shimmering, milky pallor over everything saw he was about six inches from the ceiling in some unidentifiable corridor, pressed up against a watertight door. His relief was temporary as he realised that the corridor was about five seconds from being totally submerged as the sea continued to pour in through the ruined bridge and caved-in portholes. He took one last deep breath as the water rose and rose and in an instant reached the ceiling. Willis looked around, the water was clear except for the blood clouding from his broken nose. The lights in the ceiling and walls allowed him to see everything. But frankly he wasn't sure he wanted to, because he was going to die in something like thirty seconds, and he found himself becoming impatient that it was going to take so long. With nothing else to do and no way out he pressed his fist into the spot just below his ribs and forced himself to inhale. Water surged into his lungs and Tony Willis just stopped trying, and as his life flashed before his eyes, he suddenly realised that that was what he had done for most of his thirty-one years and he thought simply, \"Fuck.\" It was then he felt a counter-current tugging violently at his legs. He realised that he was being dragged back down the corridor. He clawed instinctively but blindly, and by sheer luck his grasping hands clutched onto the locking wheel of the watertight door he had been slammed into. He clung on fiercely as the current tried its level best to haul him God knows where. The water level was dropping around him now. He didn't know why, or even what had happened. All he knew that he was stood in waist-high, icy water clinging with a death-like grip to the door. Blood streamed down his nose as he shivered in a combination of shock and chill, wondering just what the hell was going on. And so Tony Willis survived. But five men and women sat in the ships lounge watching the storm unfolding around the world were not so lucky. The wave surged in through the door and filled the room in a matter of seconds, and those five men and women were trapped, as their only exit was the door through which the ocean was now surging. Unfortunately for these people, unlike Tony Willis, the water didn't drain in time so these five drowned like rats. Zoe Monroe was lying in the double bunk she and her late husband Clive had shared until two days ago, wishing that her mind was blank and that her heart was empty of the cold fire of grief. But it was not to be. The pain and anguish she felt had cut off all her other senses, so she merely lay still on her back, not feeling the rolling of the sea or hearing the roar of the storm and the hum of the engines. She barely knew where she was or where they were going. She didn't really even see the ceiling four feet before her eyes. All she could see was scattered clips from her life with Clive. Clive, who was gone forever… So as it was she never felt the wave hit the ship, didn't hear the roaring and the crashing as it battered and tore its way over them and through them. She never even noticed the light over her head flicker and die. What she did notice however was the icy blue water blast apart the door to her cabin with a sound like a gunshot. She sat bolt upright in fear as it rose above the level of her bed and swamped her. Now she could see. She could see how fast the water was rising and in pure fear she leapt to her feet into the already waist-deep current. In the glow of the pale emergency lights the saltwater took on a strange, milky luminescence. She noticed this as the water rose to her chest, the power of it very nearly pushing her off her feet. It then occurred to her that she might drown, and without any conscious thought she welcomed this. But the water got no deeper. Instead it just swirled around her chest, and already she began to shiver, her lungs contracting with the cold. But nonetheless Zoe Monroe survived the wave, and her pain only continued. And so the ocean surged onwards throughout the ship, and for one more soul on the James Clark Ross their suffering would only pain them for a few more moments.[Chapter 26] Nazdar! More death and destruction! Will there ever be an end! And just who is Zoe Monroe! For those of you that have forgotten, she is the wife of the scientist that Chris pulled overboard in Chapter 17 so she is understandably upset but at least she isn't dead, which is more than you can say for most people who have the misfortune to stumble into my story. So, anyway, I said seven people survive the wave, and if you are keeping up, you will see eight are left… SO WHO IS UP FOR THE CHOP NEXT? You have to read on, to find out… Of course, this chapter was brought to you by The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy (Don't Panic), Red Dwarf VI and Red Dwarf II . Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 8.37 P.M. December 1st, 2004 It had been Roddy McIntyre and Oliver Cole that had been amongst the first to find the infirmary empty after one whole day. The pair of them had been down in the engineering spaces since they had set out, keeping a close watch on the various leaks that had been patched-up after the James Clark Ross' encounter with the surge in Aberdeen. McIntyre had been awake now for four whole days, Cole for two, and they were both on the way back to their separate bunks for some very well deserved rest. They had decided that the patches would hold for now, but McIntyre had left the only surviving engineer beside himself to supervise, because he hadn't got where he was today by being incautious. He was thinking that they might be okay, that they might just make it alive from this hell, but he was mostly thinking how he was going to collapse on his bunk and sleep until the sun came out again. Whenever that might be , he thought through the fog of exhaustion. It was then he heard the pounding of the shoes coming from behind. Both he and Cole turned to see Tony Willis jogging towards them. He came to a halt, breathless. \"The infirmary,\" he gasped. \"Follow me.\" Without waiting for a reply he turned about and began to jog steadily back the way he had come. McIntyre and Cole shared a glance and began to trot after him. It dawned on the engineer after a minute that they were following the weatherman to the infirmary and he suddenly remembered the three stowaways the Captain had locked inside. It must have been nearly two days since then, and almost as long since that thought had even crossed his mind. He wondered if the Captain had let them out yet. When the pair of them caught up with Willis, stood beside the door of the infirmary, now hanging crookedly from one hinge and with the lock splintered, he decided that the answer was probably not. He stood for a second, observing the broken door, knowing without seeing that the infirmary was empty. Finally he spoke. \"Tony,\" he ordered. \"Get up to the bridge, tell the Captain.\" \"Right, Roddy,\" Willis said as he turned and left. \"Okay, Ollie, lets find our stowaways.\" It didn't take long. Not far from the infirmary were the crew's cabins, and one thing in particular caught McIntyre's attention immediately. Simon Campbell was – had been – one of his junior engineers and had been working on the hull at the time the surge had struck. So, obviously, he was dead. Drowned or smashed to pieces. But wherever he was, he wasn't on the ship, so why was a light showing beneath the door to his cabin? He nudged Cole in the ribs and pointed to the chink of light. Cole nodded with a grin. Slowly, carefully McIntyre reached for the door handle. So intent he was on his task he never felt the ship shudder hard as the rogue wave struck. Instead he just pushed open the door, saw for a moment the heads of the three stowaways swing their faces towards him in shock. The woman, dressedincongrously in a purloined white t-shirt and camouflaged combat pants, leapt up from the bunk to her feet, causing the blond-haired man with his head asleep on her lap to fall to the floor as he was suddenly woken up. The other man, sat in the far corner with his knees drawn up to his chest, fixed his eyes on the engineer expressionlessly and looked to be about to say something when the woman beat him to it. \"This isn't what it looks like,\" she said, moving towards McIntyre and blocking his entry to the cabin. \"Oh I'm sure,\" he replied. He had barely registered the lights all around him flickering when he heard the crash as the door at the end of the corridor was blasted off its hinges by a surge of brilliant blue water. His eyes widened with fear as the cataract bore down on him and Cole, and it was by pure instinct and nothing else he was able to grab hold of the doorframe in front of him before the roaring water crashed into his body. The current tore at his legs as he clung on desperately. For one second he thought he was going to make it, when suddenly the woman was dragged bodily from the cabin and straight in to him. For what felt like an eternity his fingers clutched frantically at thin air as they were torn free, then his world was filled with noise and cold and pain and chaos as he was whisked off down the corridor. He fought furiously to keep his head above water, thrashing his arms and kicking like a mule. He suddenly felt like he was falling, but he was by now so disorientated that he hadn't the faintest clue what was happening. All he knew was that his throat had filled with water and that there was an almighty burning pain trying to burst out from his chest. And now there was nothing beneath his feet and he was definitely falling. He decided, distantly, that this was what drowning must be like… Then with an impact like a train driving into a mountain he hit something. Something hard. He opened his eyes to find his back pressed against a bulkhead with chest-high water flowing away to his left down another passageway. He gasped with cold and breathlessness, dripping and shivering and with no real idea as to where the hell he was or what had happened. All he knew was that he was at the foot of some stairs down which cascaded a waterfall of pure blue seawater. Suddenly he saw a dark shape rushing limply down the stairs towards him. A flash of trailing blond hair told him that the body was that of the woman. He automatically thrust out his hands and grabbed hold of her before she could be taken away to the depths of the ship. He held her in his arms and looked around involuntarily for help, of which there was none. He looked down at her face, lolling backwards unsupported. He noticed her skin was pale and pinched, her long blond hair clinging to his arm and the very tips of it trailing forlornly in the current. She looked dead, he had seen drowning before and it was never, ever pretty. Mercifully she coughed once, twice, water pouring out over blue lips. She moaned softly, then much louder as she came around and felt the pain in what McIntyre could see was a clearly broken left arm. His stomach rose as he saw the bone pressing against the skin of her exposed upper arm. The woman's moan changed to a wail, and finally to a raw-throated scream of shock and agony. She began to shake wildly in his grasp, and his voice joined hers as he cried for help, their calls echoing throughout the dying James Clark Ross . - The last member of the crew to die was also the youngest. Twenty-year-old Paul David was an apprenticed engineer onboard the James Clark Ross . He had been the one assigned to keep an eye on the ship's battered hull, to prevent any leaks becoming fatal. He was tired, and cold. He had tried not to nod off, but he had slumped gratefully into a seat at a console and, lulled by the monotonous pounding of the engines had finally succumbed to the sweet lure of sleep. He was woken – briefly – as a five-foot high surge of water blasted into him. The cold shocked him instantly awake, and he found his feet and began looking for a way out. He thrashed through the water towards the hatch on the aft bulkhead, struggling with every step to keep his footing. So focussed he was he didn't even notice it was closing until it was halfway shut. He let out at a despairing wail and doubled his efforts. Now far less careful he pushed on, fear powering his body. Despite this, the last thing he ever saw was the hatch sliding to a close as the surge whipped his feet away, dragged him under, and drowned him…[Chapter 27] Arru! Well, wasn't that exciting? Don't know about you but I'm bloody knackered, and not just because it took me a better part of a month to write the previous chapter and my agent has instructed me to apologise. Sorry. Blame a combination of writer's block and longer hours at my gorrammed place of employment. Anyway, there is a reason this chapter is called ' Drawing Breath ', because me, you and the surviving seven characters damn well need to. Also, I promise on my Iron Maiden album collection that the next chapters will come out far faster because I know what will happen next. In fact I have everything from where we are now to pretty much the end (and, for those of you interested, that's where Sam, Jack, Laura – very briefly, heh, heh, heh – and others pop up) all mapped out and even beyond that into the sequel. (Actually now I think about it, Sam has quite a big part in the sequel, in fact he gets one of the lead roles. Laura however, is not so lucky, heh, heh, heh again). So here we go, its pedal to the metal and no sleep til Hammersmith from here… Hang on tight. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 8.40 P.M. December 2nd, 2004 Chris looked around the cabin. What had been a few minutes ago a welcoming place of refuge was now a vision of a freezing hell. They were knee high in blue, icy water. He wasn't sure what had just happened. One second they had all felt the warm stab of fear as they had been discovered, then next were just a jumbled series of images. The shock of being woken up as the door was kicked open. The guilty stab of seeing one of the crew framed in the doorway. The beginnings of the instinct to pull Donna to safety when something unnaturally loud exploded just up the corridor. The wall of water blasting into the cabin and throwing him back against the far bulkhead… Now as he pulled himself to his feet, the scene was changed horrifyingly. The door was resting against the bunk where he had been dozing moments before and now wallowing in lapping water. He pushed a strand of soaked hair out from his eyes then sloshed over to CJ who was trying without much success to pull a man clear out of the water. As Chris got closer he could see the man was one of the crew. He had a deep gash in his forehead that was pumping out an alarming amount of blood. CJ looked up sharply at Chris as he struggled with his burden. \"Don't just stand there,\" he snapped. \"Help me get this guy on the bunk.\" Dumbly Chris grabbed hold of the man's legs and together the two housemates hauled him onto the bunk. Water lapped at him but at least now he wouldn't drown. Maybe he would die of hypothermia, but he wasn't going to drown… Donna . She wasn't there. He couldn't believe that he hadn't noticed! \"Donna?\" he shouted, stupidly. \"Donna, where are you?\" He cast a glance at CJ who scrupulously avoided his gaze. \"Did you see what happened to her?\" he asked accusingly. \"Yeah,\" CJ mumbled, looking sickly in the pale glow of the emergency lights. \"Where is she then?\" CJ didn't reply, he just nodded in the direction of the door, out into the passageway down which a torrent of knee-high water ran. Chris didn't even think before he splashed out of the cabin. \"You goddamned fuckin' idiot,\" CJ muttered to his friend's back, before he too went out into the corridor and followed his flatmate downstream. Chris strode ahead, splashing through the fast flowing icy water, cold and panic keeping his breath rapid and thready. All around him the sounds of the sea and the storm racked the wounded ship. He felt sick with worry and confusion and fragments of questions tore through his mind, and all he could do was snatch at them as he thrashed down the corridor. What had happened? What was going on? Where was Donna? \"Donna!\" The lights around him flickered, plunging the passageway into darkness twice, causing Chris to stumble blindly on, powered only by instinct. Presently the two of them came up to a t-junction. The current was going right, and Chris was turning in that direction when a powerful hand clamped down on his shoulder. \"We don't if she's down that way mate,\" CJ said. Chris noted the set of his housemate's jaw, which suggested that he was trying hard to stop his teeth chattering. \"We can't search everywhere,\" Chris said with a hint of panic rising in his voice. \"We can but try,\" CJ replied. \"Look, I'll go left, you go right and we'll meet up here in ten minutes.\" \"Right.\" \"Good. Now don't die.\" CJ flashed a half-hearted smile. \"We still owe this month's rent to Mrs McKay.\" Chris didn't hear that limp wisecrack. He was already splashing down the passage away from his housemate, following the current and half wishing he knew some prayers because by now he was beyond desperate. \"Donna!\" he shouted above the sound of rushing water and the roaring storm. Of course there was no answer. It occurred to him that there never would be answer. That the love of his life had been swept away to her death in this steel coffin and how was he going to go on? Oh God oh God oh God oh God oh Godddddd… \"Donna!\" he cried again, his voice rising in pitch and then cracking with grief. He stumbled on, strobing emergency lights very nearly destroying his vision. It became so hard to see in fact that he didn't notice the flight of stairs until he came within one step of pitching headlong down them. He hesitated at the top, water streaming past him in a waterfall down the darkened stairwell. It was pitch black down there and it was a patently foolish idea to head down them. But there had been no turnoffs or doors from the passageway he had followed. If Donna had been washed this way, then she was down there… He swallowed hard and keeping a firm grip on the stair rail he slowly began inching his way down the torrent. He discovered almost instantly that this plan was incredibly stupid. The stairs were like ice, offering absolutely no purchase for his borrowed trainers. He had only taken three steps when he lost his footing entirely and his feet shot out from under him, dropping him painfully down onto the steps. Legs flailing in panic he solidified his grip on the rail, his heart thumping fearfully. He hauled himself back upright, willing the air back into his winded lungs. He was just regaining his composure and preparing to start down once more when with a sudden BANG everything around him was lit by bright white emergency lights. He gasped as his eyes were overloaded by this unexpected sensory assault. And what came next was just as sudden. A scream, a true full-throated wail of abject agony. And it was Donna's. He didn't need any more encouragement. Without another thought he half-slid, half-fell the rest of the way down the stairs, finding himself at the bottom in another passageway flooded to chest height. And just a moment later he saw the source of the scream and then it wasn't just the cold that stilled his heart…[Chapter 28] Guten Tag! Well, provided youse all haven't given up on me, here I am, back again. Not much to say really, you can all speculate as to why I haven't posted for a while, and you can speculate all you like, I'm remaining schtum on the matter. Anyhow, this chapter was brought to you by V For Vendetta . Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 9.15 P.M. December 2nd, 2004 Thirty-five minutes later the seven survivors of the wave were all together in the infirmary. CJ had stumbled across Dr Zoe Monroe, huddled on her bunk with a thousand yard stare that had freaked him out inordinately. It had taken him the better part of five minutes of soothing words to even get her to take her eyes from some invisible point several miles beyond his right shoulder. It had taken another ten minutes of incredibly repetitive reassurance that strained his patience to its habitually limited – ha – limit. He had resisted the urge to slap the almost catatonic woman across her face a few times. It worked for his dad after all… Shouting had apparently worked. She had finally focused on him and while she didn't actually appear to be entirely all at home he had finally got her to her feet and back to the infirmary. He had noticed as her lead her through badly lit passageways that the water level had dropped discernibly. Now it merely lapped around their ankles, but to two people utterly soaked to the bone wearing clothes suited to – at best – lounging around a roaring fire in some alpine log cabin that didn't make things any less cold. CJ was beginning to seriously regret not being fat. He recalled for a second the story of a lardy Norwegian (probably) sailor whose ship had sunk beneath him into the icy waters of the North Sea, and had survived simply because he was such a fat bastard. \"Bastard…\" CJ had muttered as he continued to drag the zombie-like Zoe through suddenly endless passageways whilst all the time trying to keep his balance as the decking rolled beneath his feet. He remembered that the sound of the storm and the sea had sounded far louder and he wondered why now as he stood in the infirmary watching Donna Phillips thrash in agony as Chris and Tony Willis tried to pin her down and let Roddy McIntyre splint her badly broken arm. He was busily taping a compress to the ugly gash on Oliver Cole's forehead whilst Zoe Monroe was sat opposite him, still staring into space in a way that would be deeply worrying and highly disturbing to CJ if he had been playing her the slightest bit of attention. Another piercing shriek filled the room and reached over the crashing of the sea rolling over the James Clark Ross . CJ noticed with some concern McIntyre look around with worry whilst still trying to pin down his hysterical friend. There was one huge scream, which made CJ's stomach turn and then he heard McIntyre's thick Glaswegian voice shout \"The morphine! Now!\" and he felt a surge of relief as Donna's screams melted into moans and then gasps as the opiate flooded her bloodstream. \"Oh thank Christ,\" CJ muttered as the screams went away and he applied the final strip of tape to the compress. \"Cheers, pal,\" Cole said, a mixture of pain and painkillers dulling his eyes. \"I'm no first aider, mister,\" CJ joked uneasily. \"If I croak I know who to blame.\" \"Is that likely?\" Cole looked up at McIntyre who was saying soothing things with his mouth to Donna and radiating panic with the rest of his face. \"After what just happened to us all?\" Cole's grin was laced with black humour. \"You really don't want to know.\" CJ leaned in closer, keeping his voice low. \"We gonna sink?\" \"Hope you can swim, son.\" Cole's eyes closed and he leaned back against the workstation he was propped up on. \"Better n' I can drown,\" CJ muttered to himself. \"Right,\" McIntyre said, standing straight. \"If you all want to make it out of this alive, this is what we are going to have to do…\" … And so it was fifteen minutes later Christopher John David Greenough found himself in sole command of six thousand tons of British research vessel. He was stood on the torn open bridge of the James Clark Ross , genuinely afraid that he would be swept away if he loosened his grip even one iota. The bridge was now open to the elements and he could barely see beyond the torn steel of the remaining walls. He was frankly petrified, and the engineer McIntyre screaming instructions into his ear didn't help. So this was the plan that was to save their lives. Fucking genius , he thought. There were seven people left alive on this ship. Donna had very nearly had her arm broken off; she was no help to anybody. That Zoe woman was practically comatose, and the sailor he had patched up – Cole – was probably concussed and likely out of action for the foreseeable future. That left himself and Chris, who knew nothing about sailing, boats, the sea or storms like this, and McIntyre and Willis, to steer this damned ship to safety! And of course one of them had to be in the infirmary at all times to look after the wounded. And from what he could gather, Willis was just a weatherman anyway and probably didn't know a whole lot more than he did. And soon not even McIntyre would be here, once he was satisfied (so he said) that CJ and Chris had mastered exactly enough to not sink them all then he was going down to the engineering deck and start work on pumping out the flooded compartments. To tell the truth it wasn't all that hard. All he had to was keep one eye on the readout on the console before him. It told him what direction he was steering, and provided he kept the ship on a heading of ninety degrees – due west – then with any luck they wouldn't sink. They couldn't head south, said McIntyre, putting the ship broadside onto the wind and the waves. The James Clark Ross was so battered and waterlogged that they couldn't do anything that stupid and simply take the fastest route from under the storm without being driven to the bottom of this storm-wrecked ocean. So now, here he was, driving a ship with, temporarily – Willis had insisted nobody could stay on the exposed bridge for more than an hour – the lives of himself and six other people in the palm of his hand. Oh God I wish I was home …[Chapter 29] Assalamu äläykum! Sputnik again. Sorry if the last chapter was a little light on action – that it what is called exposition. Also I am sorry if you happen to be fat and that little rant offended you – that is what is called character. You may not realise it but every word or action or even inaction can reveal the personality of the characters. My! Where did that come from? Must be cos I haven't had a drink today. Still, try and guess what happens next and feel free to email me if you think you know. By the way I have four chapters of the sequel written. Basically what happens is hiuwrheinawuerwakjrjije,q wauhge892074ydw98-234qoeimfa. Ha! No chance ladies and gentlemen! You'll just have to stick with me. Anyway this chapter was brought to you by Family Guy Season 4 , and Anchorman: The Legend Of Ron Burgundy , Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R.S. James Clark Ross 10.32 P.M. December 2nd, 2004 First the rubber drysuit, so tight he could honest to God feel the blood be vacuumed into his hands and feet. Then the two layers of thermal leggings, four different woollen sweaters, then the yellow waterproof trousers and fur-lined jacket, the hood of which had to pulled over the drysuit to give him two layers over his head. \"I can hardly move,\" Chris said, half-falling and half-sitting back down onto the bunk in a damp cabin. Tony Willis grinned as best he could with a broken nose and handed him a pair of rubber sea boots. \"Is this really necessary?\" \"Yesterday morning, five of the crew went outside wearing just what you are wearing now, and they were all dead inside of two hours.\" Tony Willis looked stern, even with a bruised and swollen face. \"Not good.\" Willis sighed and appeared to be staring into space. \"This is the worst weather the Atlantic can throw at us, so no, its not good.\" Chris looked out of the cabin door, across the passageway, to where Donna was lying strapped to a bed in the infirmary. He could see from here how pale she was, and he resolved himself once more. \"Gotta do it,\" he muttered. \"Gotta do it.\" \"You had better do it,\" Willis said, splashing back into the infirmary through the inch of icy water that still remained on the deck. \"Or we're all dead.\" Do you honestly think I can make a difference? Chris asked silently to the departing weatherman's back. He tried to calm his mind as he pulled on his boots, but all he could feel was a whirling storm of fear that echoed the one raging all around them. He didn't want to know the answer to his question because deep down he knew they were all finished. He didn't know much about boats, or the sea, or this storm, but some deep primordial part of his brain was telling him that the ship was too damaged, the sea too wild, the storm too crazed for them to survive. All he could think about was drowning. After being physically sick, nothing filled him more with the cold fire of dread than the thought of death by drowning. As he tightened the straps on his boots he was assaulted by images of icy grey water filling his world. Of freezing needles of brine reaching down his throat and squeezing his lungs tight. As far as he could tell in the past few days he had been clinically dead twice, and he took some grain of comfort from the fact that the rest of his life – which would probably be perpetually plagued by the sight of the sea closing over his head – was only going to be the next few hours. What am I thinking? He didn't want to die. Sure, before Donna had brought the colour back into life, he honestly felt like he wanted to die. He still had the faint scars on his arms from where he had actually been miserable enough to try and achieve that. It was why he never wore a t-shirt anymore, especially within range of CJ and his barbed comments. CJ was scornful of self-harmers, ever since he been clinically depressed following his father's death from cancer. Once he had recovered he had decided – incorrectly in Chris' opinion – that it all had been in his head, and the best medicine was a bullish, arrogant and fairly unpleasant approach to more or less everything. Or so he said , Chris had met Jenni once, when she had visited Aberdeen the previous April. She had only been up for a weekend but that had been enough time to figure out a) she liked a drink and b) she would take no shit from anybody, CJ included. So maybe it was all an act, or maybe CJ was just totally different with Jenni than with everyone else in the world. Now he, he knew for certain, had no hidden depths. He didn't have the emotional armour to hide his true character. His true character was telling him they were all going to die, and die in the worst way in the world. But until then, he was going to do his best, and although he knew it would not be good enough, there was nothing more he could do. Plus, it would keep him occupied until they sank. He locked off the last strap as a figure came into the doorway. \"Your turn at the crease pal,\" Tony Willis said from beneath the fur-lined hood of his parka. A hero would say \"I'm a football man, myself,\" or \"I'll hit 'em for six.\" At the very least a hero would crack a wiseass grin. \"You mind if I see Donna first?\" he said instead, swallowing hard to stop the rising, burning sensation at the back of his throat. He saw Willis' face crumple. \"Two minutes won't hurt too much more.\" \"Cheers.\" Chris stood up awkwardly, his movements hampered by the bulky Artic gear. He splashed into the infirmary, was briefly unnerved by the statue-like Dr Monroe and the bloody Cole, and then felt his heart plummet to meet his rising stomach as his eyes lit on the motionless form of his lover strapped to the bed. Donna was grey in the face, dark circles ringing her eyes. Her arm was held rigid by an inflatable splint, but Chris could see blood soaking the bandage wrapped tight against her skin. She was conscious, but half insensible from pain and morphine. \"Hello,\" she croaked through lips that were dry as a desert. He pulled off one of his gloves and took her good hand in his. \"Hi there,\" he tried, his mouth suddenly dry. \"Where are you going?\" \"Not far. I'm helping on the bridge.\" He felt his stomach contract painfully. \"Is that… is that a good idea?\" Say something positive he thought frantically. \"Yes.\" \"Oh good…\" Donna's voice tailed off into nothing as her eyes closed and she lost consciousness. Standing over her, Chris made a decision as he pulled his hand free from hers. He bent down until his lips were an inch from her ear. \"I will get you out of this. I promise.\" And this time, maybe he meant it. Because if he was lying, then Donna was dead.[Chapter 30] Yiem longx! It's me again (as if it would be anyone else) with yet another chapter of this Magnificent Octopus (ask your dad). And yes, I know time has jumped forward a few days. It's a noble tradition and perfectly legal, I even think there's a technical term for it that escapes me at this precise moment. Anyway, it saves me having to write reams and reams of unnecessary filler, which saves my fingers and stops you being bored. Anyway this chapter was brought to you by Poseidon (2006), The Day After Tomorrow and Scrubs: Season 1 . Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info R.R .S. James Clark Ross 11.15 A.M, December 5th, 2004 Oliver Cole was dead. CJ had staggered into the heated infirmary – the one room where most of the heating had been diverted – where Chris spent all his free waking hours watching over the unconscious Donna. He was – as he was every time he finished another hour up on the bridge at the helm of six thousand tons of ship – soaked to the bone, exhausted beyond imagination and almost wishing he were selfish enough to kill himself. But he wasn't, so he pushed himself, and pressed treacherous thoughts of jumping overboard to the back of his mind. Also drowning was his least favourite way of shuffling off the mortal coil. The thought of water filling his throat and lungs until his chest burst was enough to provide sufficient nightmares to last a lifetime – however long that was. As he dragged his weary carcass into the infirmary, with it's distressing smell of pain and death and the constant fug of damp clothing which had permeated the ship, he reflected that it had been a miracle that they had all lasted this long. What was required to deliver them all to the safety of the southern ocean? How much longer could their luck hold out? So, Chris was stood over Donna, holding her clammy, cold hand in his. Tony Willis was up on the bridge, doing his hour of good service. Chief McIntyre was presumably still down in the bowels of the ship. Zoe Monroe was still sat, staring into space, and Oliver Cole was slumped where CJ had propped him up several hours ago. CJ had stripped off the 'waterproof' parka and sallopets and hung them up to dry before he noticed the streams of fresh blood that had poured out of Cole's ears. Without thinking he was on his knees of the deck next to Cole. Now he could look closely he could see the paleness of the sailor's face, the utter stillness of his body. Not really expecting much he reached out and grasped his shoulder. There was no reaction from Cole; he may have well laid his hand on a statue. He pushed gently and slowly, with barely a sound Oliver Cole slid sideways to the deck, dead as a stone and fresh rivulets of blood running from his ears and now his nose. \"Jesus Christ!\" he yelled, falling onto his backside and sliding backwards away from the body. The shock and fear in his voice was sufficient to pull Chris' attention away from his comatose lover. \"What?\" Chris sounded annoyed. Tired but annoyed. \"How long has he been dead?\" CJ challenged, anger fuelled within him by the petulance in Chris' voice. \"Dead? What?\" \"He's dead! Look at him!\" Reluctant to leave Donna's side, Chris shuffled across from the bed, bracing himself once against a particularly vicious roll. When he got close to the sprawled body his mouth dropped in a way that would be comical in any other situation. \"I, uh, didn't see a thing.\" He stood awkwardly, eyes fixed on the blood that ran from Cole's ears. CJ thought of shouting and ranting at Chris for letting this man die, but then he saw the wounded form of Donna on the bed and saw Jenni instead, and he knew that in all honesty, he would have probably not noticed somebody dying just feet away. In an instant he swallowed the red ball rising in his chest and calmed down. \"Yeah,\" he sighed. \"What was it?\" \"Hm?\" CJ, distracted for a moment by Cole's stiff blue hands, now looking remarkably like fat, dead spiders, glanced back up at Chris. \"What killed him?\" \"Dunno. You'd need Burnie to answer that.\" Burnie was – had been – a medical student in the same halls as them in their first year at University. \"I think a vessel might have burst in his head or something. I mean, look at all this blood.\" CJ hauled himself to his feet, pushing wet hair away from his forehead as he stood. \"His brain exploded,\" Chris said in awe. \"Something like that.\" CJ looked around at nothing very much. \"We have to tell McIntyre.\" \"I don't think even Chief Engineers are qualified to bring people back from the dead.\" \"I still think he'd wanta know.\" \"Count me out,\" CJ said. \"I nearly killed trying to find my way through this place, but if you want to navigate five decks of a half-flooded ship to tell McIntyre that this man is dead then be my guest.\" \"I'm not leaving Donna unless I have to,\" Chris said defensively. \"Then don't. McIntyre will find out in his own sweet time.\" CJ made a move to the door, stifling a yawn as he did so. \"Now I'm going to get some sleep before I pass out.\" \"Have fun,\" Chris muttered, returning his gaze to Donna. CJ strode away, and managed to get to the door before the guilt stopped him and made him look back over his shoulder. \"Listen, you can't stay here every waking hour. You haven't slept at all since all this started, I mean apart from all the bits where you were unconscious…\" He tailed off, aware that this wasn't the place for humour. \"I'll stay, if you want to get some kip.\" \"No.\" CJ's expression didn't change but his guilt evaporated. He was tired, soaking wet and thoroughly not in the mood for Chris acting like a big stupid baby who'd just had his dummy taken from him… \"Fine.\" There was no answer as he slouched across the passageway and into the cabin opposite. He hauled his aching body onto the top – and crucially dry – bunk and lay on his back facing the ceiling. He tried not to think of Jenni, now almost certainly dead and buried beneath the worst storm in human history. He failed miserably, feeling the anguish rising from his heart, and he did what he always did when he felt like this. He turned it into anger. \"FUCK!\" he screamed, tensing all the muscles in his body at once. He always did this as a defence reaction to grief ever since his dad died two years previously, and although he knew it was counterproductive it always felt really good . But at the end of the day he should really get sorted by going to sleep… But she was going to die…[Chapter 31] Hello! I have absolutely nothing to say other than this chapter was brought to you by Scrub: Season 1, Scrubs: Season 2, Scrubs: Season 3, Scrubs: Season 4, Family Guy: Season 5 , Red Dwarf I and many, many games of solitaire (in Vegas mode, you won't believe how deep in the red I am. I mean seriously, I have a bigger debt in this thing than the USA). God this was hard this time. Cheers! P.S. www.joinme.info P.P.S. This is the last ever Author's Notes. Because I take my suggestees seriously. R.R.S. James Clark Ross 11.32 A.M, December 5th, 2004 Chris was trying his very best to ignore the corpse CJ had left in the corner of the infirmary. He was mostly failing, even while running his hand through Donna's long hair he could still sense the cold stare of the body boring into his back, like a pair of icy blue laser beams. He'd never had a dead body staring at him before. In fact, he had never even seen a dead body. Not even in the last week with all that had been going on and all that he had been through. He had seen people who were about to die; Kathy, for instance. Or Oliver Cole. Chris had seen Cole alive, and now he was seeing him dead, limbs lolling on the floor in time to the rocking of the ship. I really ought to do something about that , he thought. Tie him up, perhaps. But then his stomach rolled at the thought of handling it and he just tried to forget about everything except Donna who was lying ( dying ) here before him. There was a soft thud as Cole fell over from his sitting position. Chris wheeled around accusingly. \" STAY STILL YOU BASTARD!\" he screamed. Cole's pale face ignored him implacably as Chris looked back down at Donna guiltily, convinced he had woken her up with his slightly irrational rant. He hadn't, and in his relief he turned and pierced the dead body with yet another poisonous glare. \" WHAT DID YOU SAY TO HIM?\" Chris jumped violently at the voice ringing out suddenly behind him. It was a woman's voice. An exhausted voice, shot through with grief, pain, and anger. The hairs rose on the back of his neck. He really, really , did not want to turn around and face the source of that voice. But he did anyway, slowly and with a great deal of reluctance. Dr Zoe Monroe was stood rigid, all trace of the catatonia that had gripped her gone. Her eyes blazed with fury and Chris shrank before that gimlet gaze. In his entire life he had never felt so much like a rabbit in the headlights, not even the sight of a fifty-foot wall of water towering over him had frozen his blood quite like this woman's burning stare. He opened his mouth to speak, then realised that all the spit had dried up in his mouth. \"Gah,\" he said. The furious apparition before him appeared not to notice this. \"He's dead and you talk to him like that! Who do you think you are to come onto our ship and kill our crew and –\" CJ's head appeared around the doorframe. \"Hey,\" he began. \"You woke me up what's the –\" Dr Monroe cut him off with a voice like a whipsaw. \" SHUT UP!! \" she screeched. CJ looked startled and to Chris' secret amazement actually took a step back. He recovered quickly and walked into the infirmary. \"Okay, I think everyone needs to calm down here,\" he tried. \"Everyone?\" Chris asked, throwing a wide-eyed nod in the direction of Zoe, who was flushed and breathing heavily, her shoulders bunched and tense. \"Well,\" he addressed Zoe now. \"You.\" Dr Monroe began striding towards CJ, apparently in her fury having forgotten Chris – and how he had killed her husband – for the time being. Secretly, in the part of his mind that wasn't a mad combination of panic and guilt, he felt relief that this crazy harpy wasn't about to be unleashed on him, and also because he was extremely unsure of just how ready he was to lay out a recently widowed, probably half-insane woman. \"How dare you,\" Zoe started, spitting venom with every syllable, now pushing her face within inches of CJ's. \"Please calm down,\" CJ said reasonably. \"Don't tell me what to d –\" Chris' eyes became as wide as saucers as without another second's thought CJ slugged Dr Zoe Monroe directly on the jaw with a stiff, clearly oft-used jab right to her cheek. Zoe let out one surprised grunt then hit the ground dead like a sack of potatoes. \"Holy shit,\" CJ whistled, shaking his fist painfully. \"I didn't think that would actually work.\" \"You hit her!\" Chris exclaimed, his voice rising several octaves in shock. \"She was about to yank my eyes out pal! And I don't think this is the time or place for a sit down with some tea and digestive biscuits!\" Chris was lost for words. \"You hit her!\" he tried again. \"Yes I did,\" CJ said ruefully, subsiding as he peered at his now-bruised knuckles. \"Now help me find some bandages.\" \"You can't be that hurt,\" Chris scoffed. \"Not for me, for her,\" CJ muttered as he began rooting through draws, stepping over Zoe's unconscious body as he did so. \"You are unbelievable. First you knock out an unarmed woman then you want to fix her up.\" \"I don't want to fix her up. I want to tie her up.\" Chris' jaw fell again. \"She's mental pal, I don't want her flying off the handle when she wakes up from this little nap. Now get down off your high horse and help me find some fookin' bandages.\" Chris marvelled for a second at how CJ's usually subdued Mancunian accent had suddenly become incredibly prominent, and then began his own search for bandages. \"Bingo!\" CJ cried, brandishing a four-inch thick roll of bandages. \"Now help me turn her on her front and pin her wrists together.\" There was a long pause. \"Do you want to secure her or just rape her?\" \"Don't ask me how I know how to do this, just shut up and help.\" Chris held Zoe Monroe down as CJ swiftly bound her arms and legs then lashed her to one of the steel supports of the counter that ran along one side of the infirmary. \"This is sick,\" Chris muttered. \"Quiet,\" CJ snapped, deftly gagging Zoe. He stood up, wincing as both his knees clicked. \"Now I'm off to bed. Again .\" \"You're leaving?\" Chris was stupefied at CJ's behaviour. \"I'm knackered. I think I mentioned that earlier.\" \"But you can't just go! What happens when the others get back? I don't know if you've noticed this unconscious woman and that dead FUCKING BODY !! \" Chris could not remember being this angry in years, but later on he could barely recall this moment at all, and what CJ said next was probably why. \"We've already had this argument,\" came the exhausted reply. \"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.\" And with that he walked, shoulders slumped, out of the infirmary. \"'Cross that bridge…'\" Chris muttered. \"Oh dear God you idiot McIntyre is gonna throw us overboard…\"[Chapter 32] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 11.52 A.M, December 5th, 2004 Tony Willis was on the bridge, casting alternate glances between the wheel in his hands, the watch on his wrist and the jagged shards of twisted metal which were all that remained of the bridge walls of the James Clark Ross . Through those fantastically contorted sheets of steel the storm kept on coming in and freezing his very core solid. All he could do was hang on and try and keep the bow of the ship pointing into the teeth of the wind and sea, and he was approaching the limits of his endurance. Though his vision was obscured by screaming wall of the blizzard, and occasionally overwhelmed by sheets of lightning that seemed to melt all the snow in one horizon-spanning flash, he could still make out the tumultuous ocean. Huge waves, a mile in length from crest to crest rolled and crashed and tore the world to pieces. He could see that the mountainous walls of brine had stripped the foredeck clean of everything, cranes, davits, a radar array, walkways, steel stairs, absolutely everything. It had even forced open two watertight doors and flooded most of C Deck before he and McIntyre had been able to seal off the area. McIntyre was close to collapse the last time he had seen him. The Chief Engineer had still not slept a wink since the whole thing had begun, and now appeared to be surviving on an almost constant supply of ProPlus tablets. He had been surveying the battered hull of the James Clark Ross , finding out which sections were flooded, and trying his best to get them cleared of water. In many cases it was impossible, where the ship had been torn open to the sea there was no pump in the world that could hope to keep out a billion tons of ravenous ocean. In other sections the pumps had been knocked out by the force of that hundred-foot monster which had very nearly crippled them, and he could not get them repaired despite his best efforts. The James Clark Ross was now a warren of cut-off passageways and flooded rooms. Whole sections of the engineering spaces were flooded, forcing McIntyre into a long detour that actually took him out onto the exposed deck to bypass the flooded area – actually a section between two bulkheads three decks high that had effectively cut the ship in two. The ship was a death trap, and now Willis was just one step away from giving up the whole enterprise as a bad idea and jumping overboard. He done numerous tours in the Antarctic on the Ross , he had seen what she could take, and he knew that this was far, far worse. And to compound it all the ship was grievously hurt, limping through a storm that was less weather than it was a war. Even under normal circumstances, with the James Clark Ross the way it was, torn-up and half-flooded, they would have turned for home long ago, or even better waited for a tow back to safety. But now there was no home, there would be no tow. They had no options but the one they were taking now, and frankly that was no option at all. Well , Willis thought grimly, it was better than nothing . If they hadn't left Aberdeen when they did, then they never would have. Right now the ship and all her crew would doubtless be frozen solid or buried beneath tons and tons of snow and ice. He, Tony Willis, with the early warning – well, the earliest warning he could give – had at least given them all a fighting chance. And now, even with the odds stacked high against them, he was keeping that chance alive. All he had to do was keep at the wheel, surely only for a few more days, and then they would be out from under this murderous storm and be safely on their way. Rio sounded nice this time of year , he thought. Somewhere not cold, that was for sure. If there was anything left of the British Antarctic Survey left when this was all over, then he was handing in his notice in the first available post. He smiled beneath the scarf that shrouded his mouth and nose at that little bit of grim humour. He knew he had to keep laughing. He was only living through the end of the world after all; if he didn't keep laughing he would most likely lose his mind. It was then he realised he could actually hear himself laughing. This was odd, because so far the noise of the storm on the exposed bridge meant he couldn't hear anything louder than a shout. But now it was definitely quieter. Sure the sea was still roaring, but with not nearly so much volume and, unbelievably, the scream of the gale was almost gone. What the hell…? He looked up, out towards the mountainous sea and his mouth fell open in shock. It seemed as if the by God waves were falling and losing power. The blizzard was now nothing more than just a few flakes of drifting snow. And could it be that the perpetual night of the superstorm was actually clearing…? What the HELL? He craned his neck forward, trying to see the sky. He tried to figure out what was happening. Either they were out from under the storm, the storm had just now blown itself out, or… What? Or what? He could actually see blue sky. Directly above the James Clark Ross was a fifty-mile high curved wall of solid cloud that was ringing a huge expanse of the most perfect, brilliant azure sky. He just had time to realise that this was almost certainly a bad thing when something far, far worse happened. It started as a burning sensation in his arms and chest. He looked downwards and noticed with rising panic the lines of white frost that seemed to be growing over his parka almost as if they had a mind. He raised his hand to try and brush it off, but all he got was sensation like his bones were breaking coming from beneath the flesh and muscles of his arms. He took in one deep breath, and his lungs burst into balls of fire, he tried to clutch at his chest, but he could no longer feel anything beyond the flames in his chest. He could no longer move, and that was the last thing he ever knew as a huge mass of frozen air fell from the upper reaches of the atmosphere smashed into the James Clark Ross . All across the ship vital hydraulic fluid, literally the vessel's lifeblood, froze solid in its lines. She was now crippled and out of control, helpless and lost in the grip of the superstorm.[Chapter 33] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 11.55 A.M, December 5th, 2004 McIntyre was staggering – no other word for it, he knew – towards the infirmary, which had become the ships unofficial gathering space. The motion of the ship was appalling, much worse up here than it had been down in engineering where he was coming from. Much to his concern he found that he could barely see through the fog that filled his eyes and he had long ago given up trying to stop his left hand shaking uncontrollably. All he wanted was to find his cabin and give in to the sweet embrace of sleep that was calling him inexorably to its arms. But he couldn't, his cabin was now in a section of the James Clark Ross that had been smashed open by the giant wave. So everything he possessed, in all likelihood, was now at the bottom of the Atlantic. But he didn't want to think about that, just like he didn't want to think about how the ship's ballast was seriously at risk given that twenty-five percent of the compartments were flooded and there was standing water of various depths in another fifty. He had tried his best with the pumps, but all he was doing was keeping their heads above water, and no more. With a lot of luck and probably a miracle they might make it out alive, but deep inside him he knew that the James Clark Ross was mortally wounded, foundering through the greatest storm in the history of the world, and he couldn't see beyond the battered ship sinking beneath them. He wondered for a second what drowning was like. He was just coming up to the infirmary when something extraordinary penetrated the clouds that cloaked his mind. The screaming of the storm had gone; all he could hear now was the rhythmic creaking of the ship. Now he thought about, even the violent rocking and rolling was diminished to an almost gentle swell. It took him about a second and a half to throw off the ever-tightening grip of sleep and figure out that something was disastrously wrong. A second after that he heard the sound of glass all over the ship explode. Instinctively he ducked close to the deck, even though there was no glass around him. He scurried forward, keeping low, into the infirmary. He didn't even have time to wonder why Zoe Monroe was tied up to a counter or why Oliver Cole was lying spread-eagled against the bulkhead. All he had time to do was slam – and lock – the door behind him before the screaming and groaning sounds of steel under stress filled the room. The blond-haired man – Chris, he remembered – had leapt to his feet, wide eyes pointed up to the ceiling. \"What the hell is going on?\" he shouted, his voice shot through with panic that perfectly matched his face. \"I don't know!\" McIntyre cried back. \"Just hang on to something!\" The sounds from above continued, drowning out the whole world. McIntyre felt his guts constrict with fear and his hands gripped tight to the cupboard he had clung to until his knuckles went white. He looked up, expecting any moment for the whole ceiling to implode beneath a cataract of freezing water. He squeezed ever tighter; preparing his body for the moment of drowning that he was sure was coming. This is it, she can't take any more! At that moment the other man, the dark-haired one, burst shoulder-first through the door, smashing the wooden door straight off its hinges. McIntyre looked up in shock, convinced for a heartbeat that it was the Atlantic Ocean blasting in and not fifteen stones of panicked Englishman. \"What the bloody hell is happening?\" CJ – CJ, yes – shouted, unsuccessfully trying to mask his fear. He never got an answer, for at that moment the James Clark Ross heeled over radically to starboard. Everyone was knocked flat by the huge roll, all except Chris who had the presence of mind to both cling on to the gurney his girlfriend lay unconscious on and keep her from falling in the same movement. The heeling went on, and McIntyre realised that this was the death roll of the James Clark Ross . Whatever new catastrophe had hit them, it had capsized them. He tried to relax, to get himself ready for the end, but it was no use. The last thing he would ever know would be sick fear that tore his insides out. He didn't know why, but that did not happen. With a speed that was terrifying in its slowness, the ship began to right herself, and as it did so, cold air, colder than he had ever known, began pouring through the ventilation system. What now? With utter astonishment, which printed a ludicrous, bug-eyed expression on his face, he saw his breath form into freezing white clouds before him. This, he knew as he began shivering violently, was impossible. He had been on the ship through the very worst the Antarctic Ocean had to offer, and this deep in the superstructure, they shouldn't even notice the cold. Was it possible the storm had got even colder? Colder than anything they had even experienced? And then, as if a switch had been thrown, the sound of the storm came racing back. It started low, a whistling nearly beyond human hearing. Then steadily it got louder, and louder, until it was screaming with the fervour of an animal, bringing with it the violent bucking and rolling as the ocean rose once again to its former tempest-wracked fury. Whatever it was, it was over. Barely able to believe he was still alive, McIntyre looked around cautiously. He tried breathing again, and this time the condensation was not nearly as thick as before, but he was still shivering, the cold weather gear he was wearing only just working. He looked to the others, and noticed Chris and Donna, neither wearing much more than one layer of clothing, were practically convulsing from the deadly drop in temperature. \"CJ!\" he shouted. CJ looked up, blood covering half his face. \"That cupboard over there. Get blankets for them, quickly!\" CJ stared back uncomprehendingly for a second, then half-ran and half-scrabbled across the infirmary. As he was wrapping his friends in layers of blankets, McIntyre got unsteadily to his feet and staggered across to check on Oliver Cole. He pressed two fingers against his friend's neck, and knew even before he got to where the pulse should be that Cole was dead. He bowed his head for a second. There's no time, Don . Zoe Monroe next. He didn't know why she was tied up, but once this was all over, he was going to find out, and he was not going to take no for answer. She was breathing, the deep, regular rhythm of someone in unconsciousness. He got to his feet, and pointed at CJ, who was gingerly exploring the brand new wound that had opened up on his forehead. \"Stay here, son. I'm going to the bridge.\" \"No argument,\" CJ replied. And with that, McIntyre strode out into the passageway, and he got as far as ten feet before he was stopped in his tracks by what he saw next. \"Holy mother of God,\" he muttered. The sense of shocked awe in his voice was enough to make CJ ignore his order and follow McIntyre out of the infirmary. He crossed himself as his eyes went wide. The passageway was caked solidly in a half an inch thick layer of frost.[Chapter 34] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 12.01 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 \"Holy shit,\" CJ managed. \"How the hell did that happen?\" McIntyre was momentarily at a loss for words, but it didn't last long as his mouth came up with a reply without the intervention of his brain. \"Do you really want to know?\" he asked. CJ appeared to consider this for a second, opened his mouth to make a smart-alec reply, and then shut it again as none presented itself. \"We gonna sink?\" he tried eventually, sounding as if he didn't really want to know the answer. \"That's what I'm going to find out.\" McIntyre turned to CJ. \"Now stay here and fix that hole in your head while I go and stop us from sinking.\" CJ clamped one hand over the leaking gash above his right eye. \"It's fixed,\" he said defiantly, daring McIntyre to disagree. McIntyre tried to look stony-faced, but then relented. He knew he was going to need an extra hand because he had simply no idea what lay ahead of them all, and the only way they were all going to make it through alive was by working together. \"Well at least get a bandage over that then. You'll be no use to me bleeding all over the place.\" \"Right you are, Cap,\" CJ replied with a failed attempt at cheerfulness. He went carefully back into the infirmary, keeping one hand against the wall in attempt to keep his balance on a deck now more accurately an ice rink. McIntyre watched his retreating back leave then advanced a few more yards down the passageway. He had to watch his step, because the deck was murderously icy, and the ship had once again started the ferocious pitching and rolling that made even the briefest journey an utter nightmare. \"Ready.\" McIntyre looked around. CJ had hurriedly taped a gauze pad across his wound – in an attempt at repair best described as 'slapdash' – and had pulled on some cold weather survival gear. McIntyre noticed a touch uneasily that the material of the jacket and sallopets were rimed with frost which had no earthly right forming deep in the middle of a ship. \"Okay, follow me and for God's sake watch where you're putting your damn feet.\" They moved off again, watching the floor with every step and moving as tentatively as crippled old women. \"Where we going?\" \"The bridge, I want to see if Tony's still got us under control.\" \"Wouldn't we have sunk by now if he hadn't?\" McIntyre didn't answer that straightaway. He had to get up to the bridge as fast as possible because if Willis was dead or injured then it was surely only a matter of time before they lost headway and sank. James Clark Ross was a fine seaworthy ship but right now she was battered and bruised, torn full of holes and far too low in the water for any sailor to put one foot on her willingly. \"No.\" \"I'll take your word for it.\" \"Good.\" They continued in silence for a moment. \"Now shut the hell up.\" The thought crossed McIntyre's mind that maybe CJ was just scared shitless, which was why he was talking a great deal of crap, and that last retort had probably been unnecessary. That thought lasted only a second when the engineer pushed it to the back of his head, told himself that there was no time for that kind of stupid woolly-minded thinking because in all likelihood he was going have to save the ship with only the aid of a weatherman, a catatonic woman and three university students, only one whom seemed to have even the slightest connection with reality. And even he wasn't exactly Mr. Reliable. From what McIntyre had observed, CJ had a level head that was occasionally seriously unlevelled by a tendency to never think ahead when required to. Of course, he recognised that the student was pretty quick on his feet, that he had a talent for improvisation when it was needed, but impetuousness was not what was required to see out this storm. What was required was care, forethought, stability, all the things he had yet to see in CJ. Now the other one , McIntyre thought. Chris, he seemed ideal, far more serious and much better at thinking with his head instead of his gut. Except right now, whatever part of his head that wasn't consumed with anguish and worry over his comatose girlfriend was calculating the odds of getting off this ship alive, and quite frankly he was now worse than useless, his mind was so far away from the matter at hand he was actively unsafe. They ascended a flight of stairs in a darkness punctuated by the twin beams of their torches. \"Shouldn't there be emergency lights on?\" CJ asked. \"Must have been knocked out,\" McIntyre replied. McIntyre stopped before a bulkhead door stencilled 'Deck A'. The engineer put one hand on the locking handle, then paused and half turned to look over his shoulder. \"What is it?\" CJ asked cautiously. \"I don't know what's happened to the ship and whatever is past this door may be extremely hazardous to out health.\" \"So?\" \"So be ready to run like hell.\" McIntyre pressed down on the handle and slowly swung the door open, behind him he heard CJ take in a deep nervous breath. He had pushed open the door only a few inches when an icy gale so cold as to be an almost solid wall slammed the hatch right back and sent him reeling backwards into CJ. Only the student's quick reactions in grabbing hold of the steel banister stopped them both tumbling down into neck-breaking darkness. \"Still want to go through there?\" CJ enquired breathlessly. McIntyre replied with a wordless look of contempt. \"Give me a hand this time,\" he growled. CJ nodded, and assumed a stance next to the engineer. \"Ready,\" McIntyre said, knowing to tense his muscles and brace his legs this time. \"Now.\" He pushed down the handle, and then both of them pressed all their weight against the hatch. This time, however, the wind on the other side had temporarily dropped and the pair of them fell headlong through the hatchway, coming down in a tangled heap on an uneven sheet of something slick and unyielding. McIntyre noticed how it refracted the dancing beams of the falling torches to throw crazed patterns of light and dark all across the passageway. \"What the fuck?\" CJ muttered as he tried pushing himself up from the deck. McIntyre grabbed one of the torches and pointed it straight downward. \"Ice. It's water coming in from the bridge that's frozen solid.\" \"Terrific,\" CJ said as he struggled into a kneeling position. \"I'll bet that's something else that's never happened before.\" McIntyre pulled himself gingerly to his feet using the doorframe they had just fallen through. \"Until we reach the bridge, I don't know what happened. And until then, shut the hell up.\"[Chapter 35] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 12.25 P.M, December 5th, 2004 It took them a further twenty minutes to traverse the fifty feet of passageway and ten stairs to the bridge, and both McIntyre and CJ had gained a painful collection of grazes and cuts as they had tried to progress along a frozen deck that was now rolling through ever more extreme arcs. CJ had twice suggested turning back but McIntyre pushed on grimly. He was beginning to suspect that the James Clark Ross was no longer under helm, and that they were swinging broadside to the storm. If that was the case, and the wildly pitching deck told him it probably was, then it was only a matter of time before the ocean capsized them and that would be it. He also wondered – though not very hard – what had happened to Tony Willis. At the very least, McIntyre thought that the weatherman was injured and immobile, which gave him another reason to get to the bridge as fast as possible. So the two of them, the grizzled engineer and the far-from-home student, pushed on, battering themselves to pieces to get somewhere they didn't really want to see. And now they were here. McIntyre had taken two paces into the bridge and CJ was holding onto to the frame of the hatchway, both of them had screwed their faces up against the battering of spray that flew in through the torn-open bulkhead. McIntyre allowed himself one second of relief as he saw the figure of Tony Willis, stood stock against the storm with one hand on the ships wheel and the other grasped on the throttle. Then he drew in a breath to prepare for an official bollocking. There was nothing wrong with Willis and there was no excuse for letting the James Clark Ross drift off course. He laid on hand on the weatherman's shoulder and turned him round… What happened next was something that McIntyre was never to forget for the rest of his life. As soon as the engineer laid his hand down on Willis' shoulder he just knew , instinctively, that something was not right. He couldn't tell what it was, and didn't have time to think because at that very moment there was a noise like a gunshot and the frozen corpse of Tony Willis toppled backwards like a fallen statue. His body seemed to fall through a majestic slow-motion arc before crashing into the deck and shattering into a million shards of human porcelain. McIntyre took a faltering step back in horror. Behind him, even above the roar of the storm, he could hear the sound of CJ being noisily sick. Trying not to look at the abattoir confetti that was all that remained of James Clark Ross' weatherman his eyes instead fell on the two feet which remained frozen to the deck, and the two gloved hands that seemed to grow out of thin air to keep a final death grip onto the ship's wheel and throttle bar. He jumped as a glove clamped down on his shoulder. \"What the fuck happened?\" CJ screamed into his ear. McIntyre struggled to get his voice into gear. His throat felt dry and closed up and he had to cough twice to clear it before he could speak. \"I don't know!\" he yelled back. \"But I've got to get us pointed back into the wind before we sink!\" He swallowed nervously, before moving towards the helm station. He tried to focus his mind on steering the ship as he crunched through the mortal remains of Tony Willis. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a green-faced CJ cringe visibly. Now faced with the disembodied hands on the helm he tried further to blank his imagination as he grabbed them and pulled. They were stuck. Frozen, obviously. He felt panic rise in his gut, but managed to quickly bury it with oft-practiced ease. His face now set like stone he grasped the dead hands and yanked them away in one swift motion. He didn't even give them a second look as he tossed them aside, where they broke up on the deck. Right , McIntyre thought, time to get back in business. He took hold of the wheel and throttle and gently began to turn the James Clark Ross' bow back into the teeth of the storm. A minute passed, and it was then he noticed with a sinking sensation in his stomach that the compass had not changed one degree. The ship's steering was gone. CJ must have noticed his expression change because he suddenly appeared beside McIntyre. \"What's wrong?\" he yelled. \"We've lost steering!\" McIntyre shouted back. He was testing his theory by turning the wheel the other way and getting no response. The James Clark Ross was now utterly helpless, out of control in the worst storm in history. McIntyre closed his eyes for a second before a brainwave hit him in a flash of inspiration. He staggered as fast as possible across the bridge to the engineering station. He ran his eyes with the pace of a professional eye across the bank of dials until he came to the one he was looking for. \"There!\" he cried, stabbing one gloved finger against the dial labelled ' hydraulic pressure '. CJ peered over his shoulder, squinted through the water running down his face. \"What is it?\" \"We've lost pressure in the hydraulics system. I think the hydraulic fluid froze and without it we can't steer the ship!\" \"Can we do anything?\" CJ asked, a hint of pleading edging into his voice. McIntyre fell silent for a second, his brain running through a furious series of calculations. Then suddenly he wheeled around to face CJ, his eyes ablaze. \"We've got to get down to the blueprint storage locker,\" he said, pushing past the student who looked at him in bafflement. \"What? Why?\" \"I need to check the plans of the ship.\" McIntyre made his way off the bridge as fast as possible across the ice-rink that the deck had become. CJ began to follow after he dismissed the bewilderment that clouded his mind. \"Okay, pal, whatever you say.\" \"C'mon!\" McIntyre's retreating form cried. \"We don't have long to get this done!\"[Chapter 36] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 1.15 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 McIntyre and CJ had been gone for nearly forty-five minutes before Chris had started to get worried. And then they turned up two minutes later, and he felt a bit of a fool. After all, precisely nothing had happened in the infirmary. Donna still lay on the bed, barely conscious through the cloak of drugs and pain. Dr Whatserface – er, Monroe, that was it – was still tied to a counter and was completely unconscious. Still. Despite himself, Chris was impressed. He didn't think knockout punches like the one delivered by CJ existed outside of movies. Evidently they did. So for the moment, Chris was not worried by the doctor's grief-fuelled rage, which appeared to be directed at him. Luckily, he had only starting getting worried for two minutes when McIntyre and CJ stumbled, battered and bruised, back into the infirmary with a number of rolled-up sheets of paper tucked beneath their arms. He resisted the urge to say \"Oh thank God,\" and instead went back to concentrating on Donna. He didn't get long. \"Hey you,\" McIntyre barked. Chris turned around to see the engineer rolling out one of the sheets of paper and saw for the first time that they were blueprints. \"What?\" \"Come hold down the other end of this.\" CJ had pinned down one end already on a spare counter space. Timing his walk so the roll of the ship would actually help him for once, Chris went over to the counter and did as he was told. If he was honest with himself, McIntyre scared the shit out of him, but then again, he was their only way out of this God-awful mess. So he did whatever the engineer said, as it appeared to be his only chance of being alive beyond the next few hours. He looked down at the blueprints and realised he couldn't make out a single thing. The white lines looked like they had been randomly dribbled on the fine blue paper by a drunken spider. \"What is it?\" he asked, baffled. McIntyre looked sideways at him. \"It's the plans for the ship, you idiot.\" Despite the situation they were in, Chris saw CJ crack a small smile at this rebuke. \"Well why do we need those then?\" he retorted, managing to conjure up a hint of defiance. \"Something's happened to the ship,\" McIntyre began. \"What?\" \"I don't know, you pillock.\" Chris flushed as this. \"But whatever it was it's frozen the hydraulic fluid in the lines. And that means we can't steer the ship, and unless we fix it soon we're going to be sunk.\" \"You can fix it, right?\" Chris was now pale with shock. Was this it? The moment that he had dreaded ever since he had been hauled on board this death trap? \"Yes, we can.\" \" We? \" \"Yes, now look.\" McIntyre stabbed a finger down on the blueprint unrolled on the counter. Chris looked down at the plan dimly. The engineer could have pointing at the toilet for all that he could read it. \"Hydraulic fluid is kept moving by this pump in the aft engineering room. That's supposed to stop the fluid freezing in polar conditions, which we usually sail in.\" \"The guarantee expired then?\" CJ asked sardonically. \"When we were struck by that freak wave,\" McIntyre continued, ignoring the interruption, \"I think it knocked out the pump when we lost main power. There was supposed to be a backup generator that would kick in automatically in such a case, and evidently it failed. So basically, if we don't get that generator started then we're going to drift out of control until we get sunk, which could happen at any time.\" \"So what do we have to do?\" Chris asked. \"I can't do this on my own. I need one of you to come with me. It won't be easy to get there either.\" The engineer pulled out a black felt-tip marker from his breast pocket and began to roughly fill in large areas of the blueprint. \"These are the areas that flooded.\" Chris swallowed nervously. He hadn't realised, truly realised, just how badly damaged the James Clark Ross , until now. \"Normally,\" the engineer said, running a finger across the blueprint. \"The route to aft engineering would be this.\" The path he traced went through several flooded compartments. Wonderful , Chris thought, feeling his heart sink as he realised what was coming next. \"So how do we get there?\" he asked anyway. \"We have to go out,\" McIntyre said firmly. \"Out through the after hatch on D deck, across the quarter-deck, and through this hatch beneath the portside crane, down into E deck, and from there down to engineering. That's about a hundred and fifty feet out in the open, just a walk in the park.\" He looked the two students squarely in the eyes, first Chris, then CJ. \"Just a walk in the park,\" he emphasised levelly. \"And one of you has got to come with me.\" There was a moment of silence, with only the roar of the storm and the creaking of the dying ship as a backdrop. And then: \"Count me out,\" said CJ. \"What?\" Chris was genuinely surprised. \"It's suicide,\" CJ said. \"You won't get ten feet out there before you're washed overboard.\" \"I've been out on deck in worse weather than this. We can make it, trust me.\" McIntyre was staring daggers at the dark young man, seemingly forgetting that he had to persuade one of the students to voluntarily risk his life. \"Not a chance,\" CJ said obstinately. \"I'd rather wait to die in here before I go outside to drown. At least in here I'll be warm.\" \"It's down to you then,\" McIntyre said, turning to Chris. \" I will get you out of this. I promise.\" The words he had spoken to Donna, her life slowly leaching away on the bed, came back to him. He had made a promise, so really there was only one thing he could do. Chris took a deep breath and forced himself not to panic. \"Count me in,\" he said. \"Good,\" McIntyre nodded. \"You're going to die out there, you idiots,\" CJ said. He shook his head then stalked out of the infirmary without a word or a backwards look. Once he had left Chris glanced across at McIntyre. \"We're going to do this,\" the engineer said. \"We have to do this, or we'll all be dead before the day is out.\"[Chapter 37] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 2.02 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 McIntyre and Chris stood at the after hatch on D deck, wrapped up in half a dozen layers of thermal insulation and tied together with a fifteen-foot rope that was hooked securely to the harnesses they both wore over their jackets. Chris shifted as his harness dug painfully into places even Heineken couldn't reach. He rubbed his gloved hands together, noticing with dismay that it was so cold down here his fingers were already going numb. Well , he reflected, here they were . The two of them about to stride like a pair of morons out into the greatest storm in human history, and straight into what was very likely to be certain death. Logically he knew a hundred and fifty feet didn't sound like all that much, but when it was a hundred and fifty feet of icy steel decking, battered by a mountainous ocean and hurricane strength winds, where the first misstep or mistake would be rewarded with a voyage to the bottom of the sea, well then, it may as well be a hundred and fifty miles. He had said his goodbyes to Donna, although he wasn't totally sure if she had heard them. His lover seemed to be out of it, and he had no confidence whatsoever that his words had actually sunk in. But he'd said them anyway, because he didn't think that he would ever see her again. \"Ready?\" McIntyre asked, bringing Chris back to reality. \"No,\" he replied with a weak attempt at a grin. McIntyre turned and grasped the locking wheel. He only paused for a fraction of a second before pushing open the hatch. Instantly the gale snatched it out of his hands and slammed it wide open, and following straight on the heels of that a huge cataract of icy water blasted into the passageway. Within seconds both of them were up to their waists in swirling seawater. The cold was so sudden and so piercing that Chris actually cried out in pain and shock. For a moment he thought he was going to be swept away, such was the power of the current. He felt the mighty hands of the ocean pull and tear at his legs and was just a heartbeat away from total panic. Then the current reversed, and the water drained back out through the hatch. McIntyre turned and signalled to Chris that they should move out. Chris briefly considered unlocking the cam for the rope that tied him to the engineer and running for his life. But even now he still managed to think of Donna, and just a flash frame of her face in his mind was enough to goad his frozen legs into action and follow McIntyre out of the hatch and onto the deck. They hadn't made it two paces out onto the covered walkway that led down towards the quarterdeck when a mighty wave crashed into them like a solid wall of water, tossing them bodily against the unforgiving steel of the port bulkhead, and before they had a chance to recover the suction of the retreating water dragged them thirty feet down the walkway before McIntyre managed to catch the railings in a two-armed death grip, and saved them from being swept to certain death in the waiting maw of the Atlantic. Chris lay stunned on his back, coughing up seawater that sent icy needles stabbing through his chest. He was fairly sure he was downing when the grizzled face of McIntyre loomed over him and a voice screamed in his ear: \"Do exactly what I do before we get washed overboard!\" I have no problem with that , Chris thought, trying not to cough up his lungs. With powerful one arm clasped to Chris' and one wrapped around the railings McIntyre hauled him to his feet, then once again the engineer led off, only now he proceeded with far more caution, the next time they were hit by a wave they would probably not be so lucky. Every time now they were inundated McIntyre screamed a warning and they would both crouch down as tight as possible, both arms gripping the railings and then all they could do was hang on for dear life as the murderous force of the sea tried to haul them away into the bottomless black depths. Progress was glacial. Chris kept his eyes fixed on McIntyre's boots, placing his own feet precisely in the engineer's footsteps. With every wave they had to go through the same process of ducking and waiting, with nothing to do but and hang on and pray that this wouldn't be the one that yanked them overboard. Getting to the end of the walkway was tricky; descending the grated steps down to the quarter-deck was murder. Chris was whipped off his feet after one ferocious wave and flung right into McIntyre. Only lightening quick reactions by the engineer in grabbing hold of a lifeboat stanchion prevented a one-way trip overboard. Once again Chris found himself on his back, gasping and choking as what seemed like the entire Atlantic Ocean tried to force itself into his lungs. This time he managed to pull himself upright, and as he threw his head back in a vain attempt to get water out of his eyes the wall of rain and sleet and wave parted and for a split second he saw the mesmerizing panorama of the world beneath the superstorm. The James Clark Ross seemed to be caught in a global battle between sea and sky, with monstrous waves hurling themselves towards the heavens and a continent-spanning snowfall screaming into the ocean. Lightning screamed across the clouds, illuminating scenes from a watery hell. The sight was so overwhelming as to be beyond human comprehension, and when the curtain of water was finally drawn again he felt shocked beyond thought so that he just stood there, clung to the railing like the frozen corpse of a down draft victim. He was roused by a sharp tugging in his midriff. McIntyre was yanking on the connecting rope, urgently signalling with his eyes that they should be moving on while they had the good fortune to still be on the ship. Chris needed no second telling, and followed the engineer's lead, shuffling slowly along, hunched up with one arm wrapped around the railings at all times. The quarter-deck was a large open space at the stern of the ship where the James Clark Ross launched her research boats and where most of her sensory equipment was operated from. Now, however, it was a barren shelf of steel, swept clean by the awe-inspiring power of the storm and the rogue wave. Nothing remained except one davit which was sheltered by the crane housing at the very end of the ship. It took them twenty minutes to cover the eighty feet of open deck before they reached their destination, and by now Chris was convinced he was mere moments from freezing to death. He couldn't feel his hands or feet or his face, and he wondered just how much longer he was going to last before he lost his grip on the waking world and was swept into an icy, pitiless void… But it never came to that. With a surge of relief he saw the portside hatch, set flush into the deck, the locking wheel coated with a shiny film of ice. McIntyre was hunched over and Chris hunkered down next to him, taking small comfort in the meagre shelter from the storm provided by the ship's crane platform. McIntyre passed him a torch. \"Point that down the hatch when I open it!\" he screamed above the all-pervading roar. As Chris clicked on the torch McIntyre seized the locking wheel and with a cry of exertion twisted it around. The hatch flew open in his hands, causing him to fall back onto his rear. Chris did as he was told and shone the torch down the hatch, illuminating a cramped, dark shaft with iron rungs of a ladder set into one side. \"Down there!\" McIntyre yelled, his voice cracking with a combination of effort and cold. Gingerly Chris swung one leg in, feeling his muscles burn. He began descending into a bucking, pitching darkness, escaping the ocean's greedy clutches, if only for a few moments.[Chapter 38] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 2.45 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 The shaft was pitch dark, only illuminated by the wildly swinging torches of Chris and McIntyre. In this cramped environment, and denied of any clear visual stimulus, the rocking and rolling motion of the ship seemed so much worse to the two of them. Several times Chris had to stop his descent as he was overcome by a terrifying wave of dizziness which forced him to cling tightly to the rungs of the ladder with his eyes screwed shut until it passed. Somehow they reached to bottom of the shaft with nothing worse than bruises. As his feet touched the solid steel of the deck, Chris flashed the torch up the shaft. He could see McIntyre moving with a surprising nimbleness down the ladder, a dark shape clambering down the narrow shaft towards him. He took a step back to allow the engineer out of the shaft, shining his torch around the passageway. Stencilled onto one wall was the legend 'DECK E', and twenty feet off to his left was another hatchway marked 'AFT ENGINEERING'. He noticed that this passageway was still quite dry, which presumably meant that the ship was still watertight. The only water had come from the hatchway above them, which McIntyre had managed to pull shut behind them. The engineer reached the bottom of the ladder and swung his torch towards the hatchway down the corridor. \"That way,\" he said, a touch unnecessarily, Chris thought. \"Lead on,\" Chris said. McIntyre moved forwards, legs braced against the ship's constant rolling, and Chris followed on, conscious that this moment's inactivity meant he had started shivering in his sodden clothes. He rubbed his arms against his body in a vain attempt to get the blood circulating again as he started after the engineer. He noticed McIntyre paused as he grabbed the locking wheel firmly with two gloved hands, but only for a moment. The hatch swung open. Nothing happened. Chris let out a breath he hadn't been aware that he had been holding in. \"I half expected a fireball or something there,\" he said. \"We'd have noticed by now,\" McIntyre replied. \"Because we would have sunk already.\" \"Oh,\" Chris said, flatly. \"Great.\" McIntyre stepped gingerly over the doorsill, and Chris heard the soft clang of his feet on the metal grill on the other side. \"Watch your footing,\" McIntyre called. \"Some debris has dropped on the catwalk.\" Fantastic, Chris thought, flicking his torch on and pointing it firmly at the deck. He walked onto the catwalk, then delicately stepped over the two foot high piece of engine or something that the engineer had casually referred to as mere 'debris'. \"That wasn't important, was it?\" he asked, risking a quick glance over his shoulder at it. Whatever it was, it really did look vital. He was no marine engineer, but it looked heavy and oily and – Distracted, he tripped over something else heavy and unyielding, took one more staggering step, and was only saved from pitching over the edge of the catwalk by a metal railing. His torch fell from his hand to a noisy, dark oblivion. After a second his heart began to beat again and his eyes shrank from the size of saucers. McIntyre looked around briefly. He didn't help Chris up. \"Watch where you're going,\" he snapped. With the aid of the railing, Chris hauled himself upright, battling against legs wobbling from the shock of the fall and not helped much by the constant rolling of the ship that he had still not got used to. He shuffled closer to McIntyre, trying to see where he was going solely by the light of the engineer's torch. They reached a flight of stairs that was more of a ladder than anything else. Chris swallowed nervously, he wasn't relishing making that perilous climb with the hysterical motion rocking them from side to side but then McIntyre settled the issue and began making his way down using both hands and feet. Since Chris was tied to the engineer by a rope at his waist, he followed him down the ladder, slowly and carefully, not trusting the grip on his soaking boots to hold onto the rungs. As he reached the bottom he cringed as he felt freezing water pour into his boots. He looked downwards and saw he was now stood in a foot of icy seawater. \"Nice,\" he muttered. McIntyre was sloshing away across the engineering space without so much as a backwards glance so Chris followed him, being careful to match footsteps exactly with the engineer. The student was relieved to note that down here, in the guts of the James Clark Ross , the wild pitching and bucking was reduced to a tolerable, almost lulling motion. For a second he could almost forget he was stuck in a pitch dark coffin of iron up to his knees in icy water, then from out of nowhere there was a great groan of some distant bulkhead under strain and he came right back to reality. Chris followed the engineer through another hatchway into a separate compartment filled with big hulking consoles full of dials that towered eight feet high along three walls. McIntyre headed straight for one of them. It had been labelled with stencilled writing but that had been obscured by a huge, fan-shaped scorch-mark. All the dials and monitors that had once glowed with light had been blown out. \"What happened?\" Chris asked, trying to keep the cold out of his voice. \"Short-circuit, when the water hit it.\" \"Can you fix it?\" \"Yeah, there's a manual starter. Shine your torch over there.\" McIntyre pointed off to one side of the hydraulic pump. \"It's a primer designed with this in mind. There was supposed to be an alarm triggered on the bridge when it was knocked out, but I reckon the wave destroyed that too.\" From somewhere above came the screech of tearing steel as McIntyre grasped a lever protruding from the pump. He yanked it downwards once, hard. There was a harsh chugging sound that seemed to come from everywhere at once as the lever slowly returned to its original position. Chris heard the engineer slowly counting to five beneath his breath, then haul down on the lever once again. This time there was a cough, and then, laboriously at first, but gaining in strength with each passing second there came a steady, mechanical pulse that rose and pounded all around them. \"Is that all?\" Chris asked, something like incredulity giving his voice a higher pitch than usual. \"That's all.\" \"Oh thank Christ,\" Chris muttered. \"Yes, right,\" McIntyre retorted. \"Now we have to back onto the bridge before this ship capsizes and you can thank him in person.\"[Chapter 39] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 3.10 P.M, Decembern5 th , 2004 Back on deck, McIntyre pushed opennthe portside hatch, and was rewarded with a breath-stealing torrentnof freezing brine. He almost lost his grip on the iron rungs of thenladder as the shock caused his body to flinch involuntarily. Henrecovered his grip quickly, Chris noticed, two feet below him and forna second the younger man wondered if he would have managed that or ifnby now he would have been a broken heap at the bottom of the ladder… He decided not to worry as henfollowed McIntyre out on to the deck and was hit instantly in thenface by another surge of water. He choked for a second before thenengineer hauled him bodily out through the hatch before he could fallnback down Chris lay face down on the deck,ngasping to clear the water from his lungs. His ribs burned wherenMcIntyre had grabbed him; he hadn't realised that the engineer wasnso strong. He looked up, salt-water streaming into his eyes and hisnhair plastered against his forehead. He didn't bother sayingnthanks, and assumed his expression would save him the effort. \"Let's go!\" McIntyre screamedninto his ear. The engineer hauled Chris to his feet and started offnacross the deck. The pair of them were now exhausted almost beyondnhuman endurance, fear and exertion presenting the joint bills onntheir bodies and demanding immediate payment. But that would have tonwait. Once more they had an unforgiving hundred and fifty feet tontraverse before they could even think about safety and rest. Chrisnknew that they would make CJ take first shift on the helm when theyngot back. As for himself, he'd take one look in the infirmary atnDonna, and then he would pass out. And with any luck he wouldn't wakenup for a thousand years, or at least until his next shift at thenhelm… He could almost taste the sweet scent of unconsciousnessnthat awaited him if he could just make it to that hatch and slam itnbehind him. He was still thinking along thesenlines when something awful registered briefly in his peripheralnvision. He just had time to turn his head to face it and open hisnmouth to try to yell in terror before a huge wall of freezing waternswept over them both and sent them barrelling towards the side of thenship. Instantly his lungs filled with water and then a hammer blownsmashed into him from behind and whatever air was left in his lungsnwas immediately expelled. He had a terrifying flashback to thenmoment when the storm surge had consumed him which froze his mind. Chris forced his eyes open and foundnhimself looking downwards at the tortured Atlantic ocean just a fewnmetres below his dangling feet and a cold ball of fear gripped hisnheart as he realised he was hanging over the edge of the ship .n Panic surged through his body and he began thrashing about, franticnbeyond the power for thought, desperately trying to find somenhandhold to pull himself back onto the deck. But his gloved handsnfound nothing but slick, freezing, steel and the knowledge that deathnwas probably moments away meant he never stopped to wonder what hadnstopped him being swallowed by the sea. A second later he wondered no more asna strong arm swooped out of the darkness and wrapped around hisnchest. Chris looked up to see McIntyre, still attached to him by ansafety line, with one arm wrapped around the railing and the othernpulling him frantically back on board. The engineer's face wasnpurple and strained with exertion. Chris reached up to the railingsnand with his own failing reserves of energy he pulled himself back upnwith every fibre of his body. Locked together they fell on thendeck, and Chris allowed himself one second to take the deepest evernsigh of relief before another wall of water crashed over the ship andnonce again threatened to wash the pair of them away. This timenMcIntyre was prepared and grabbed hold of the stanchion of the ship'snaft loading crane with both arms. Chris was arrested in hisnuncontrolled slide across the deck with a jerk that felt like it hadnbroken his spine in half. Behind him McIntyre struggled to his feetnwith the greedy Atlantic swirling around his waist, the pull of thenocean tearing furiously at his legs. The engineer took a fewnlaboured steps forward, grabbed Chris by the hood of his survivalnjacket and yanked him to his feet. \"Follow me!\" McIntyre screamednover the howling tumult, pointing at the after hatch now just thirtynfeet away. Escape was so close Chris could practically feel it as anwarmth filling his body, reviving limbs that were so numb as to benuseless lengths of frozen meat. He summoned what was left of hisnwill to live and hauled his carcass after the red survival suit thatnstaggered ahead of him. Water poured across the deck as the James Clark Ross once again rose from the sucking embrace ofnthe sea and prepared to meet the next onslaught. For a few secondsnthe going was relatively easy and McIntyre covered the final fewnsteps to safety as fast as he could, finally falling against thenlocking wheel of the hatch and grasped it tight in both hands as ifnresolving to never let go as long as he lived. Chris staggerednacross deck and held tight to the railings as the burly engineer spannthe wheel and hauled the hatch open, fighting every inch of the waynagainst the roaring gale. Finally it came open and Chris had anfraction a second to watch the shock begin to form in McIntyre'sneyes as the axe sliced down from inside the ship, through thentempestuous dark and split the engineer's skull open as neatly as anhalved apple… For a second time seemed frozen. nChris was still gripping to tightly to the ship's railings, mouthnopening in the beginnings of a scream of terror as McIntyre wasnsmashed to the deck with the force of the blow. His head hit thensteel hard, the axe-head still lodged in his forehead, almostnperfectly along the crown of his skull. Blood ran, and mixed into anpinkish foam with spray of the ocean. And still gripping the axe,neyes burning with the madness of pure fury, Zoe Monroe turned hernhate-fuelled gaze to Chris, and let out a scream from the depths ofnhell.[Chapter 40] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 3.25 P.M, Decembern5 th , 2004 Chris' mind yammerednin panic. For the first time since this all began all thoughts ofnthe storm vanished from his brain and were replaced by a wall ofnwhite-noise terror. He tried to scream in fear, but all that camenout was a strangled croak of air. His brain barely registered thendemented vision of fury before him as she raised the axe once morenand swung it at him. But this time ZoenMonroe was thrown off balance by the ship rolling violently to onenside and the axe missed him by a matter of inches and sliced throughnthe railing he was braced against. Hw stared down at it with anludicrous expression of shock that would be comical in any otherncircumstances, and the finally his common sense took hold of his bodynand kicked him into action. The axe had once againnwedged firmly for a second and Chris took advantage by dashing pastnZoe towards the salvation of the hatch. He got fifteen feet beforenthe rope connecting him to the twitching corpse of Chief McIntyrenwent tight and yanked him off his feet. He crashed to the deck justnas another torrent of freezing ocean washed over him. With his eyesnstinging and lungs bunting he reached frantically down to his waistnand with numb fingers tried desperately to unlatch the hook that nownanchored him to a dead man. He snapped it open just as the axenwhistled past his right ear and jammed into the deck. There was anothernscream of insane rage behind him as he fell to his feet and scramblednaway. As he staggered down the passageway Chris could feel the glarenof madness burning into his back, and only then did it occur tonwonder to him how Zoe had got out of the infirmary where she had beennwell tied-up – Donna! He looked up desperately up at thenwalls of the passageway, looking in vain for a sign telling him thenway to the infirmary. All he could see was an inch-deep layer of icencoating everything and all he could feel was the hot breath of thenmadwoman behind him. He risked a glance over his shoulder. Zoe wasntwenty feet behind him, having trouble keeping her balance with onenhand full of fire axe. He was so distracted by the torrent ofnstimuli flooding into his brain that he didn't notice the bulkheadnin front of him until he ran full tilt into it… Blinding white light obscured Chris'nvision as he fell to the deck. Desperately winded, he tried to shakenthe cloud from his brain, and then an instinct he didn't know henpossessed he kicked out one leg direct into the shins of the chargingnDr. Monroe and sent her flying backwards. He looked up and found himself lyingnat a t-junction. Hauling himself upright with a handy railing henpicked a direction at random and set off left along another expansenof seemingly identical passageway. He had no real idea where he wasngoing, in fact he could barely remember the way back to theninfirmary, could barely think at all with the roaring spectre ofnviolent death bearing ever down on him. Ahead of him. Steps. A straynthought crossed his mind. The infirmary was up from here. Go! His mind was screaming at him now,nurging him onwards. He pumped his legs harder, despite the fact theynnow felt like two useless pieces of frozen meat nailed to his waist. nHis body was pushing itself beyond its limits, but he knew he had tonget to that infirmary first. Of course it never occurred to himnwhat he was going to do when he got there… A hand gripped his leg and trippednhim up. He smashed full length along the steps and tasted blood innhis mouth. Without turning to look he thrashed both legs wildly andnfelt one of them connect solidly with a face. A scream of ragenerupted behind him as he clambered on all fours upwards to the nextnhatch. It was swinging open and he fell through, trying with all hisnmight to fill his lungs once again. He was almost thankful the coldnhad rendered his body numb, this way he couldn't feel his musclesnburning and howling in protest. 'INFIRMARY'. There it was, thensign, and the arrow showing him the way. A mixture of relief andnterror filled his heart. Relief that he was nearly back to his love,nand terror at what he might find in there. What had Zoe done to makenher escape? He forced his body into one last effort and half-ran,nhalf-fell down the passageway. It can't have been more than thenntwenty feet to the smashed door of the infirmary and with the verynlast reserves of his vanished strength he collapsed headlong onto thenfrozen decking. There she was. Donna, still strappednto the bed. Her chest still moving, slowly, shallowly, up and downnwith the clockwork motion of life. Relief flooded through his bodynlike fire and he totally forgot the insane woman who wanted to killnhim until a blood-curdling cry filled the air. He turned his bodynover to see Dr Monroe stood over him, axe raised in both hands overnher head and a malevolent expression of triumph scored across hernface. Chris' body went limp as itnprepared to die. And then, without herald, CJ wasnthere. In one brutal movement he blocked the falling axe with onenarm and with the other shoved something into Zoe's open mouth. Itnwasn't until CJ pulled the trigger that Chris recognised it as anflare gun. The mad doctor's eyes flew open in horror as CJ hurlednhimself to the ground half a second before the shell exploded… The whole world turned a lurid shadenof crimson. Chris tried in vain to cover his eyes and screamed asnthe brutal light overwhelmed his senses. It seemed as if the wholenship was consumed in a blinding ball of fire, crashing, rollingnthroughout the passageways and cabins, as unstoppable as the wall ofnwater that had devastated those very same spaces. On and on it went,nuntil finally, with a suddenness that was breath taking, the lightnwas gone. Chris took his gloved hands from hisneyes, and for one heart-stopping second he thought he was blind, fornall he could see was a wall of white light, filling his vision fromnside to side. He blinked furiously while his abused eyes tried tonregain some semblance of sight. Slowly the white wall cleared, andnhe found presently that he could see again. He immediately wished he couldn't…[Chapter 41] R.R.S.nJames Clark Ross 3.35 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 CJ was trying to look at anything else but the passageway. He triednChris, who was busily being sick in the corner of the infirmary. nDonna, still unconscious on the bed. The flash burns on the back ofnhis hands that had scorched all the hair off. The bits of bone andnbrain and blood that had redecorated everything for ten feet in everyndirection… He felt his stomach turn again. The last twenty minutes were not much more than a blur. He had beennchecking on Donna, having felt the good ol' Catholic guilt aboutnhis earlier cowardice. He knew he should have volunteered to go withnMcIntyre and fix the hydraulic pump, knew it with a certainty thatnburned the longer he thought about it. They were as good as deadnanyway, but he could at least have put the whole thing off for a bitnlonger. So he had checked on Donna since he had to do something morenconstructive that get on his knees and do a perfect act ofncontrition. She was still out, breathing shallow, pulse slow andnsteady. Her face was pale and drawn and although he was no medic bynany stretch of the imagination, he knew that the life was rapidlyndraining out of her. And it was then he noticed the bandages strewn on the floor and thencomplete absence of Dr Zoe Monroe. He remembered looking around wildly, alert and wary, feeling thenadrenaline suddenly coursing through his body. Part of him thoughtnthat logically there was no threat but that was kicked into touch bynthe animal part of him, which knew that anybody who needed subduingnby a punch to the head was not operating logically. God alone knewnwhat was going through her mind, but he had a fair idea about whatnshe would want to do to the three people who she held responsible fornher husband's death. At which point something heavy and unyielding cracked him over thenback of the head. He had been toppled to the ground. As he hit hencould hear a voice screeching behind him. As he passed out he thoughnit sounded something like \"Where is he?\" He woke up a few minutes later, with his head screaming in protest atnevery small movement as he pulled himself upright. It took him ansecond to remember how he had ended up on the deck, and when thenrecollection came back to him with the force of a runaway train henhad started in fear. The infirmary was empty, apart from Donna. His eyes cast around forna weapon, any weapon, but there was very little. He settled for antray that had held medical instruments. It was alarmingly light andnflimsy, probably useless against whatever that deranged woman hadncracked him with, but it would do. He crept cautiously to the open doorway and stuck his head into thenpassage. Nothing. He knew he needed a better weapon, and to findnZoe before she found Chris. That last cry of \"Where is he?\" wasnchilling in its intent. She was out to find the one who had wrongednher, and it was fairly obvious that when she found Chris she wasn'tngoing to take him on a date and screw him in thanks. He went left. nHe found he could vaguely remember the direction they had taken, butnsoon found himself at a t-junction and not a single clue as to whichnway he was supposed to go next. It didn't help that he had anmurderous headache and that coloured lights were strobing across hisnvision. He picked a direction at random and set off down it. Two minutes later he knew he had gone the wrong way when he came upnto a dead end. A broken porthole was set into the far bulkhead, andnfreezing seawater was pouring through it in regular intervals. Hensighed and turned back, and that's when the door marked 'STORES'ncaught his eyes. He tried the handle. Locked, of course, but a swift kick put pay tonthat. Inside was a largish room, full, as expected of two dozennshelves of equipment. There was probably something in here he couldnuse, and after two minutes of rapid searching he came up trumps. A flare gun in its box, and next it another box helpfully marked 'MKn2 SIGNAL SHELLS'. It would definitely do, and although he thoughtnthere was probably a gun cabinet somewhere on the ship he knew didn'tnhave the time to go looking for it, especially when thenblood-curdling scream echoed out through the ship. Without thinkingnhe dashed out in the passage, fumbling a flare into the barrel of thengun as he ran towards the sound. Whatever it was it was coming from the infirmary, and he doubled hisnpace as the image of a defenceless Donna with that madwoman runningnloose leapt into his imagination. He turned a corner and slid into the passageway just in time to seenZoe Monroe raising her axe over her head, and Chris' legs stickingnout of the door. Without another thought he breathlessly chargednforward, threw out one arm to stop the falling axe and shoved thenbarrel of the flare gun into Zoe's open mouth. It never evennoccurred to him not to pull the trigger, but did it occur to him thatnhis head was about a foot away from where a fairly large explosionnwas about to go off. His legs, without any intervention from hisnbrain dropped him to the floor and his arms covered his head. The bang wasn't that loud. What was louder were the foul, organicnnoises of Zoe's head and upper body laminating itself across everynavailable surface. He knew that for the rest of his life – howevernlong that was , he thought – he would never forget that wet slapnof gore hitting metal. He rolled onto his back, breathing hard, andnnoticed in a detached, dreamlike way the fire axe which had obviouslynbeen blown upwards and now was jammed into the ceiling in the middlenof a wide splash of the late Dr Zoe Monroe.[Chapter 42] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 3.52 P.M, December 5 th , 2004 So now here he was. Back at the helm of the James Clark Ross . The hydraulic system was back up and running, and once more CJ was steering six thousand tons of B.A.S. ship into the teeth of the most ferocious storm in the history of humanity. Except now he had no real idea where he was steering them. With McIntyre dead, all he could do was follow the engineer's last instruction and keep the ship heading due west and hope that they wouldn't sink. He didn't know if this was the right thing to do, if in fat he was taking the three of them straight to their deaths, but given the prospect of certain death or probable death he would always go for the latter. Anyway… Back at the infirmary he and Chris had dragged the truncated corpse of Zoe Monroe into another cabin and had locked the door firmly behind them. There was nothing they could do about the rest of her which was splattered around them, so without a word CJ had got back into his cold weather survival gear and had tramped back up to the bridge for his hour at the helm. As he stood there, face screwed up against the battering of wind and snow, he wondered how they were going to cope, just the two of them. Even before, when they had Tony Willis to help carry the burden, the job of keeping the James Clark Ross' bow pointed into the gale had been so physically and mentally draining that the two hour break they got between shifts had barely been enough time to recover. Now they were down to an hour, and CJ tried not to figure out how long it would be before one or both of them dropped from exhaustion, especially after the ordeal of the last hour. Chris, he knew, was already at the limits of his endurance, much more so than himself. As if the body-sapping trip to the machine room and back wasn't enough, the mad flight from Zoe Monroe and its horrific end had pushed him to the very edge. When CJ had left the infirmary Chris was already asleep, curled up into a ball at the foot of the stretched on which his girlfriend lay. CJ had decided there and then that when his shift had finished he would go down and wake up his flatmate rather than expect him to wake up and be here on time for his shift on the bridge. It was only fair. Of course it would be fairer just to let him sleep for as long as he needed, but since CJ knew if he tried that Chris would probably come up to find his frozen statue stood at the helm, he knew that fairness had its limits. Tony Willis had said one hour was the limit, and he wasn't going to argue, especially with a dead man. Dead man… He couldn't help it. His thoughts were dragged inexorably back to the corpse spread about outside the infirmary. He had seen death before. He'd been at his father's bedside when he'd died, remembered well the heart monitor going flat and giving out that final, monotone beeping. And of course, since this crisis had all begun he'd seen any number of people die. On the television, in coverage of those cataclysmic events sweeping the globe, and on the streets of Aberdeen during that crazed animal stampede. So death held no surprises for him. But he'd never taken a life. He had never committed murder. Because that's what it had been, no two ways about it. He could have disarmed her, knocked her out. After all, he'd done it before, the first time she when she was hysterical in the infirmary. But this time, he had gone entirely on instinct, and without thinking had calmly pulled the trigger and killed another human being. He hadn't even given her a warning, for Christ's sake. He just seen her, stood there, mouth open and without so much as a moment's hesitation, blown her head off. Oh dear God, how far from home have I come? This descent into savagery burned at him inside like nothing he'd ever known. It had occurred to him, in the few quiet minutes he had managed to grab since coming aboard the ship, just how far beyond the normal boundaries his life had so far erected he would have to go to survive. But not for one second had he ever considered going this far. The ultimate crime. He remembered sitting on his grandmother's knee when he was small, Bible held open in his small childish hands. And there it was, in black and white, the simple commandment ' Thou shalt not kill '. Which he had broken. Sure he had done most of the other things that the Catholic Church had – often literally – beaten into him were wrong. The sex before marriage thing for instance. Or going to church, which he hadn't done in years. But it wasn't like there was no part of him that deep down, didn't believe, truly believe that it was somehow pissing off the man upstairs, which is why they had invented Confession. But this, this was one step beyond, and if he hadn't realised it before, then now there was truly no way back. His old life was gone forever, and as for whatever lay before him, well, there was no map or guide, not any more. In more ways than one, he was sailing blind.[Chapter 43] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 7.00 A.M, Decembern8 th , 2004 Three days went past. CJ and Chrisnhad by now developed a routine. It was a punishing, body-destroyingnroutine, but it was either that or die, so both of them knuckled downnand got on with it, praying with rapidly diminishing strength that itnwould all be over soon. It was a simplenroutine, there was only so much that the pair of them couldnaccomplish on the brutal one hour on, one hour off schedule forcednupon them. When not at the helm, they would spend most of their timenin the infirmary, helplessly watching Donna and trying to rechargentheir depleted batteries. CJ had managed to find the galley and hadnscavenged some food. It was served cold of course, the experimentsntrying to heat tins of beans and chilli had very nearly burned downnthe infirmary. Chris was also tryingnhis best to feed Donna, but she was now nearly permanentlynunconscious and CJ thought he was on a hiding to nothing. He couldnsee her fading fast, almost before his very eyes, and he had givennsilent thanks that this wasn't Jenni before him. Indeed it wasnalmost a relief, a comfort, that Jenni was beyond saving and by nownwas probably dead. The very thought of his love ebbing away in anfreezing infirmary many miles from home was enough to cause himnactual physical pain. They were doing thenbest they could, and they had to hope that was enough. Chris was at the helmnwhen, once again, the hydraulic system failed. He didn't notice atnfirst. The storm was so violent that he hadn't noticed any changenin course. He didn't notice in fact until he looked down at thencompass and saw with a jolt that the needle was swinging away fromnthe due west course he was struggling to keep them on. McIntyre hadntaught them about this, and he responded by swinging the wheel overnto correct it. He didn't start to worry until a minute later whennit appeared that turning the wheel was having absolutely no effect. Now fear began to grownwithin the pit of his stomach, gnawing away at his insides. And thennthe fear became full blown panic when the James Clark Ross suddenly rolled heavily to one side and then kept on rolling. Chrisnhung frantically on to the wheel as the deck tilted beneath his feetnto a terrifying angle. It seemed to him as if the ship would nevernrecover and he closed his eyes and prayed that his death would benquick. The sound of groaning steel rose above the ever-present howlnof the storm and seemed to fill the world. The ship reached ansixty-degree list and then slowly, painfully, righted itself. Chrisnfelt his legs collapse and just hung off the wheel, now almostnutterly defeated. His heart became a black pit of despair at thenthought of having to make the murderous voyage to fix the hydraulicnsystem once again. He wanted to sink to the ground and just weep innfrustration, and for now any kind of exertion just seemed like annimpossible task. So he just stood for now, trying, and failing tonsummon up the energy to do anything more than wait there and die. The ship rolled again,nand this time Chris could hear the roaring sound of water cascadingninto the hull. Tears rolled freely from his eyes. He couldn't donanything but wait for the end and he hated himself for it. For beingnweak, docile, too ready to accept his fate. But I'm so tired! His inner voice wailed. I can't take any more! And then Donna's facenfloated across his vision, and in that instant he felt fire rising upninside of him, and that was enough to move him off away from thenhelm. For a second adrenaline did its job, and that second was allnhe needed. It would demand it's bill later with interest but afternall that had happened he would accept it. However long it would takenhe would pay the bill if meant Donna would live. He couldn't remembernthe journey down to the infirmary, couldn't remember telling CJnabout the hydraulics, or his flatmate dashing off to the bridge toncheck the instrument panel to double-check that the lines had indeednlost pressure again. He couldn't remember much from that small,ncold, clinical room, except Donna. It seemed so unfair that he hadnto say goodbye to her again, to make the same promise to come back. nStill, this time, he knew what he was doing. There would be nonsurprises this time. Granted it would be awful and brutal, but whatnit wouldn't be was unknown. He had done it before, he could do itnagain. And then the next thingnhe knew he and CJ were stood at the after hatch of D deck, tiedntogether with a lifeline that had nearly got him killed the last timenhe came out here. The hatch was still open from his frantic escapenfrom Zoe Monroe a few days earlier, but there was no sign of thencarnage that had taken place here. No blood, and no McIntyre. Butnthen again, with huge surges of water inundating the place withnnumbing regularity, that was hardly a surprise. Chris thought about thenlast time he had been here, remembered the belly-full of fear thatnhad nearly paralysed him, and marvelled that all he felt was merelyntense. Sure, there were nerves, but he knew he could do this, and henfelt with wonder a sense of confidence, something that had been allntoo lacking in his life. I don't believenit , he thought. I can't believe it would take somethingnlike this for me to finally feel this good. But it had and hendid, and all he could do was take one step forward and out into thenrest of his life.[Chapter 44] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 7.47 A.M, Decembern8 th , 2004 They had barely got five feet when anwall of water rolled in from their right and sent them both sprawlingnup against the nearest bulkhead. The impact felt seismic,nbone-shaking even, and both of them cried out in pain. Chrisnremembered the lessons learnt the last time he was out here, andnadvanced slowly, keeping one eye out for the next monster wave andnducking whenever it rolled in. So, they progressed innthis fashion. Inching along the railing, both crouching downnwhenever a new torrent of water fell upon them. CJ was appalled,nastounded by the ferocity of the storm. Whenever a new wave camencrashing down it felt as if the skin had been stripped from his back.n And almost as bad was the backwash, which came as the water rollednof the deck and tried its level best to drag them with it. Everyntime this happened his heart almost leapt out his chest in panic asnthe mighty Atlantic sucked hungrily at his body. He looked up to seenChris crouched by the railings and frantically gesturing at somethingnout to sea. CJ followed the direction he was pointing at, and for ansecond saw nothing. Then he did, and for one useless second hisnheart swelled with relief. There was another shipnout there! It was a massive cruisenliner, probably no more than a quarter of a mile away. And by somenmiracle it was illuminated from stem to stern. It was a gloriousnsight, a sign of civilisation's defiance against the rage of thensuperstorm. CJ stared at it in awe, his jaw dropping. Another deluge fellnupon them, and when CJ had blinked the water out of his eyes, ansecond glance at the liner told him that the defiance was reachingnits end. The huge ship was pitching and rolling, and, he realised,ncompletely out of control. Sure the lights were on, but those onnboard were stuck in the same situation as they were, helpless andnadrift. Though, on reflection,nthose passengers were probably a bit more comfortable than thensurvivors of the James Clark Ross . Despite the battering, hensmirked at this. Then the howling tumultnclosed in on them once again, and they lost sight of the liner,nwhatever she was. It took them anothernfifteen minutes to get to the aft hatch. Fifteen minutes of inchingnever forward, ducking to avoid being washed away, then continuingnonwards once the mountain of water had subsided. CJ didn't knownhow they managed it. Every time he looked up, it seemed as if theynhad made no progress at all. But here they were, they had made it. When it happened, it came suddenlynand without warning. Chris had just reached the aft hatch, his eyesnburning and his lungs full of water, and laid hands on the lockingnwheel. He was just tensing his arms and shoulders, summoning up thenlast of his fading strength, when a mountain of water fell fromnabove. With panic coursing through his veins he hung onto the wheelngrimly and pressed his body against the hatch in a desperate attemptnto give the snatching sea as little surface to grab as possible. CJ was doing much thensame, wrapped around a bollard with his head tucked between his arms.n So it was only with the corner of his eye that he saw something,nsomething huge and orange come falling in the cascade of plummetingnwater. It missed him by a matter of inches. Chris Emond, helplessnand exposed six feet away, was hit squarely in the body and face by anten foot long inflatable life raft pod. In an instant he was whippednbodily away towards the railings. CJ had maybe half ansecond to react, and it was not enough. He felt the connecting ropenbetween them go tight and before he could draw breath he was yankednbackwards and dragged towards the edge of the deck. He had anconfused impression of water and ice and an earth-ending sound. Thennbefore he could even think about this and arrange these impressionsninto something like a clear idea there was a white-hot explosion innthe centre of his back. It was agony, a thousand agonies and henscreamed through a veil of icy seawater as he was smashed into somenunseen object and brought up short a few inches from a watery grave. Trying to fight againstnthe grey fog of pain which was descending over his eyes, he twistednhis broken body to see what had stopped him being swept into theneager clutches of the mountainous Atlantic. It was one of the whitenstanchions of the railing which he was now pressed against, thenconnecting rope was hanging over the edge of the deck, and the deadnweight on the other end was pinning him in place. Contorting himselfnstill further, barely able to move and definitely not looking forwardnto what he was about to see, he peered over the edge of the deck. Five feet below him,nwell out of reach, the limp form of Chris Emond swung wildly, thenmotion of the shi smashing him cruelly into the red steel of thenhull. CJ knew he had only a few seconds to haul Chris back onto thendeck before the weight of his flatmate pulled him from thisnrelatively safe position and over the edge. With one arm trappednbelow his body, this was going to be doubly hard. With his free handnhe grabbed the rope and pulled. The result was pathetic. He managednto pull Chris up about six inches but another huge surge broke overnhim and he lost his grip on the rope. The sudden jerk back againstnthe railings sent another firestorm of pain through his back and henscreamed again. He decided something was broken in there, thennpushed it too the back of his mind and once more tried hauling at thenrope. This time he pulled his friend up eight inches before thenstrength deserted his arm and his grip failed once again. Once again he wasnyanked hard against the railing, and now he coughed reflexively, andnblood sprayed from his mouth. This terrified him beyond the capacitynfor rational thought. He was being torn innhalf! And following on thenheels of that thought came another, one which astounded him with itsnclarity. He knew what he must do next. With his one free hand henscrabbled for the cam at his waist, unscrewed it and watched the ropenholding Chris Emond on the ship vanish into the night. He turned and lookednoverboard. What happened next occurred in grisly slow motion, andnwould replay itself in CJ Greenough's mind for the rest of hisndays. The rope played out,nwent slack, and at that exact moment Chris' eyes slammed open andnglared at CJ through a mask of blood with a mixture ofnincomprehension and rage. For a second he seemed to hang in space,nthen a flash of lightening split the sky in half and an almighty wallnof water effortlessly engulfed the skinny figure. CJ stared at the patchnof water where Chris had vanished, praying with all his heart thatnhis friend would reappear. He ignored the salt burning his eyes andnthe wind searing his face and gaped forlornly, a kind of idiot hopenattempting to simply rematerialize his flatmate. A minute passed and CJnwas wracked by a convulsive spasm of coughing once again. Bloodnpositively sprayed this time. So that was it then. nThe end was here. Without knowing why, henhauled himself to his feet, blood running over his chin, and begannthe painful journey back to the superstructure to wait. For the end.[Chapter 45] R.R.S. James Clark Ross 9.02 A.M, Decembern8 th , 2004 CJ staggered into the infirmary, tookntwo shaking steps and threw up. There was still blood mixed in withnthe bile and he wondered how much more he could afford to lose. Hendidn't care all that much, he was just curious as to how long thisninternal bleeding could continue before he passed the point of nonreturn and lost consciousness and, presumably, died. Donna was motionless on the bed. Ifnhe'd been paying attention he would have seen her chest moving,nslowly, rhythmically, her breathing slow and steady, deep in sleepnfor the first time since all this had begun. As it was he barely sawnher. He looked down at hisnshivering body. His battered, wasted frame was soaked to the bone. nHis red survival suit was shredded and coated with ice. He strugglednhis way out of the jacket, and every part of his body, but especiallynhis back exploded in white-hot sheets of agony. The pain was sonextreme it dropped him to the deck and he screamed out loud in a waynhe never thought he was capable of. Fresh blood ran fromnhis mouth and spattered onto the floor, mixing with hot tears thatnran freely from his eyes. A wave of dizziness washed over his brain,nand he slumped further downwards as he arms gave up in their task ofnsupporting him. So here he was, lyingnflat on the deck, his cheek pressed against a slick mixture of bloodnand freezing water, and he began to feel his mind drifting. nIntellectually he knew this was the first step on the road to death. nEmotionally he just wasn't interested, beyond a sort of detachedncuriosity as to how long the process would take. A half-formednthought appeared in his brain and presented itself for his attention. Three-to-one three hours. Two-to-one it happensninside of five hours. I'll put a million pounds on it. At least I won'tnhave to pay up if I'm right. He sniggered, and presently thensniggering became giggling, which segued neatly into laughter, andnbefore he knew it he was roaring hysterically, curled in the foetalnposition and shaking with the effort of stopping his lungs leavingnhim forcibly. A fresh bout of coughing put an end to that, but henremained on the deck, chuckling weakly, tears running down his cheeksnand blood dribbling down his chin. For a second even the pain wasnforgotten. He didn't know why henwas laughing like this. Maybe it was the acceptance of death. nWhatever happened next he couldn't stop it. In truth he hadnprobably been finished the moment the Superstorm had formed up in thenArtic Circle. Maybe all they had done by getting on this ship wasndelay the inevitable, given themselves just a few more days of lifenthat they didn't really deserve. Death was coming for him, andnwhether it came in a house buried beneath a hundred feet of snow innAberdeen, or on the floating hulk of the James Clark Ross , itnwas all the same. Come in number one-six-nine, your time is up. His mind meanderednback to his home, in Yorkshire. It was August. The sunnwas just above the horizon, in its final moments before descendingnfor the day, and he bathed in its rich amber light. Behind his housenon the outskirts of town, a dense wood grew along the path of anlong-gone railway track. In summer, it was a dense, rich,npractically primeval woodland, green and lush. It was a good placento get lost in, and he often did. He enjoyed it, being lost in anvast, sylvan environment with just the sounds of nature busily goingnon around him and the inside of his own mind for company. But he wasn't there right now. Instead he wasnsat on the mock wrought iron bench on the back patio, positioned justnright to bask in the light from the evening sun. Steaks and burgersnwere sizzling merrily away on an ancient, rusty barbeque. The coalsnwere now burning redly, and smoke wound into the darkening sky. Henhad bottles of San Miguel Especial chilling in a bucket full of icednwater, along with a bottle of Stolichnaya vodka and another of coke. nHe draped one hand over the side of the bench and let his fingersndrift idly through the water before curling around the neck of angloriously cold bottle of Spanish lager. He pulled it out, hearingndroplets cascading from its body and rippling in the bucket. He opened the bottle and brought the rim to hisnlips. Gorgeously chilled lager cascaded into his mouth. As hentilted his head back the setting sun dazzled him for a second, beforena shape moved before it. He couldn't make out much, just a darknfigure that seemed to tower above him. But this didn't scare him. nHe was reassured. He was back home, and back in time before the coldnand the pummelling ocean. There was no infirmary, no broken bodiesnscattered throughout the ship, no trail of corpses leaving a grislyntrail in their wake. There was just his home, and the woman henloved. Tomorrow he was going back to Aberdeen. Back tonUni, and this time he was going to do it right, but before then therenwas just one more night where he was complete. The last night. And the summer had been perfection. And tonightnwas that one final union of two bodies; his, and the woman he knew henwould spend the rest of his life with. He was so wrong about these final moments lyingnon the deck of the battered infirmary. The blood that decorated thenroom, both dry and fresh was almost unreal here. The stink of vomitnand sweat and fear and misery and loneliness were much less real than the perspiring bottle of lager. The feel of the warm bodynthat he was his alone to have. The smiling, open face that drewncloser to his. The soft warm lips that pressed against his own. The bottle tumbled from his grip, but he nevernheard it land. There was nowhere for it to land. The world wasnfading, drifting, retreating, and darkness closed in around the twonbodies, locked together for all time. Not aware of anything verynmuch at all, he closed his eyes and felt the all-encompassingnblackness well up inside of him. And then he smiled. Itnwas all okay. At long, long last it was all okay. In that one, perfectnmoment. Forever.[Chapter 46] … forever… \"CJ.\" A soft voice, floating through the darkness. \"Wake up…\" Beyond the black, silence. Serenity. A stillness he had not knownnfor a thousand years. More like a million. \"… please wake up…\" Why? Then pain. Pain like nothing he'd ever known filled him likenlightening. Every muscle from head to toe screamed its distress andnhis entire body arched away the deck in one almighty spasm ofnanguish. Then it was over. CJ fell limp, panting hard, and finally opened hisneyes, not totally sure what vision would greet him. Donna. \"Donna?\" He sat up suddenly and finally the world swam into focus. He wasnstill on the deck where he had fallen. The infirmary was pitch blacknexcept for the flickering glow of a simple white emergency candle. nIt was a scene he had closed his eyes to in the confident expectationnof never seeing it again. I was praying I'd never see it again. But that wasn't what shocked him the most. Donna was crouched next to him. Her broken arm still held rigidly inna splint, her good arm holding the candle close to his face. Hentried to assemble a sentence, but even that simple function wasnbeyond him. Instead his mouth flapped uselessly as he brainnstruggled to come to terms with this new reality. But one final piece of information was yet to present itself. Andnwhen it did so it just convinced him that he had in fact died. It was the silence. The complete, total, utter silence that seemednto press in on his brain like a weight. The scream of the storm andnthe roar of the ocean had gone, to be replaced by this unearthlynquiet. So this is the afterlife, he thought. And it's exactlynthe same as the last life. Super. Twenty years as a Catholic andnthis is the thanks I get. \"Oh thank God, you're awake.\" \"Yeah, I'm awake.\" Probably. \"Where's Chris?\" Oh God, no. CJ swallowed. His throat was dry, and beneathnthe sudden burst of guilt in his heart his stomach beganninappropriately signalling it's protest. But right now he knewnprecisely one thing, and that was that he was not going to tell Donnanhe had murdered her boyfriend. It was without a doubt a despicablenthing to do, but he just couldn't imagine how he could possiblyntell her the truth. Hey, Donna. You'll never guess what happened. Funny storynreally… Besides, they might actually be dead themselves, in which case itndidn't really matter. \"I don't know,\" he began slowly. \"Last thing I remember wasnhim going up to the bridge…\" \"How long ago was that?\" \"I…\" He stopped. He wasn't acting now; he really had no ideanhow long he had been laid out here. He remembered… what hadnhappened on deck… then coming back here, and that's when it allngot hazy. All he could remember was an overwhelming sensation ofnpeace, and then nothing until Donna had woken up. But he felt thatnthere was something he was missing, a feeling that there was a memorynjust out his grasp. He shook his head angrily. The lie, he needednto focus on that. \"Sorry,\" he said lamely. \"What about you?\" \"I just… woke up. About an hour ago.\" Donna shrugged, clearlynunable to articulate what had happened to her. \"The last thing Inremember is Chris telling me he was going to the bridge, but Incouldn't tell you when.\" \"We should check the bridge then. He might be up there.\" SlowlynCJ hauled himself to his feet, and was overcome by a crippling wavenof dizziness. He stumbled, his equilibrium thrown totallynoff-balance. He put out one arm against the wall to steady himself,nand was rewarded with an excruciating stab of pain in his back. Hengasped with the ferocity of it, and when it combined with thendizziness it was almost enough to drive him to his knees. And then realisation dawned. The deck was canted at a twenty-degreenangle. This was not unusual on the voyage. What was unusual was that it wasn't moving. He found himself having to stand at antilt just to remain upright. The strain that being in this awkwardnposition put on his back make him grimace, but he managed to make itnout into the passageway, trailing on hand along the wall in case henslipped. He skidded down the slope into the far wall. Pain blossomed again,nbut he was learning to live with it. The stunning cold helped fornonce, numbing his body. As he rested for a second to wait for thendizziness to leave he noticed that the silence even included thenengines. Ever since they had come aboard the James Clark Ross the regular pounding of the massive engines had been a constantnbackground presence, and now it was gone. So , CJ thought, trying to get his mind in gear , the enginesnhave stopped, but if that had happened then we should have sunk. Inthink. Had they sunk? Maybe somehow this deck had remained airtight,nor something. Bollocks. This wasn't the bloody Poseidon Adventure for crying out loud. Well, I'm not going to find out anythingndown here. The only way is up . He looked back at Donna. She was leaning against the doorframe,nwrapped in a blanket and breathing hard. For the first time hennoticed how weak she appeared in her current state. He reached outnto take her good arm. \"Are you alright to be walking?\" he asked. \"I want to know where he is, CJ,\" was the reply. There was steelnin her voice, which was pushing her body beyond its limits. But shentook his proffered hand anyway. \"Well, watch your footing then. This floor's still as icy asnhell.\" He led her through passageways and up stairs made treacherous by thenice and by the crazed angle everything had taken on. The whole worldnseemed to be off-kilter, and the contrasting messages from what hisneyes were telling him and what his body was telling him gave him annuneasy sense of nausea. More than once he had to close his eyes andngive his head a shake as he felt his stomach rise in protest. It took them a while, because both CJ and Donna were in weakenednstates, but finally they reached the last stairway leading up thenbridge. It was still as CJ remembered it, a tricky, frozennwaterfall. But this time it was bathed in the purest white light henhad ever known. It was freezing cold, but the air was still. nUnbidden, the memory of his first winter in Aberdeen, that firstnmorning when he woke up find snow outside, rose in his mind. Evennwithout looking, he knew the storm was over. For the first time innwhat felt like forever, he couldn't feel the crushing weight of thenatmospheric depression crushing down from the sky. With a trembling sense of exaltation rising in him, he staggered upnthe stairs, almost dragging Donna behind him. She could feel it too,nthe indefinable, everywhere sense of the ordeal ending. The practically tumbled onto the bridge. CJ's mouth dropped open. nThe familiar vista of the tormented Atlantic was gone, and they bothnhad to shade their eyes against what had replaced it. The James Clark Ross was stuck solid in a field of ice thatnstretched to the horizon. Glorious, pure sunlight reflected off itnin a wave that seemed to fill the whole world. CJ took a fewnfaltering steps forward, until he was out of the ravaged remains ofnthe bridge and out in the open. His breath froze before him innfragile, crystalline clouds as he looked upwards into a sky of thenpurest blue, and clearer than he had ever known. A thin wind driftednaround him, but he barely noticed it, barely noticed anything in facenbeyond the gorgeous azure arch of the heavens. Donna came alongside, her good arm clutching the blanket around hernneck. She was shivering slightly, but she too thought of nothing butnthe surreal, achingly beautiful panorama that surrounded them. \"Where are we?\" she whispered, too awed to speak any louder. CJ had no answer, not a clue. He wandered further on, out to thenopen bridge platform, and then he had his answer. There were no words for what he saw before him. Nothing in twentynyears of life could prepare him for this. Towering, high, high above them was what was undoubtedly the frozen,nbattered upper half of the Statue of Liberty. And beyond it stoodnthe icy cold spires of the corpse of New York City.[Chapter 47] The U.S./Mexico Border 3.58 A.M, May 1st , 2012 The first chink of the sun crept above the dusty horizon, and Private Ritchie Malone begun to make out the first lines of his crewmates in the ghostly grey light of dawn. PFC Shawn Burton, the driver, sat in his coffin-shaped compartment, staring south at the barrage that flashed on that horizon, and the vehicle commander, Sergeant Callum Johnson lay on top of the Bradley's turret, chain-smoking and gazing at the stars. Malone looked at his watch. The glowing hands read two minutes to four in the morning. So, two minutes to go . Two minutes until Burton started the engine, and the US invasion of Mexico began. They would be amongst the first ground troops to cross the border. The Air Force and Navy had been bombing positions the length and breadth of the country for a week, and resistance was expected to be light. Of course Malone knew better than to believe anything he was told by Command, which is why he had written his will before setting out. Meanwhile his guts were doing somersaults as he paced nervously in the dirt. He made a decision whilst trying not to piss for the fifteenth time today. \"Sarge?\" \"Hmm?\" Johnson replied, without moving. \"Can I get a smoke?\" The southern horizon erupted with a particularly large glow. A few seconds went by, then the muffled CRUMP of the detonation reached them, rolling across the landscape like a wave. Johnson sat up, fished out a Marlboro and tossed it down, along with a box of matches. Malone lit the cigarette, inhaled deeply, and then coughed frantically. He had never smoked before. He was only eighteen after all, and before joining the Army had lived in the big camp outside of Houston, where nicotine was a long way down the list of priorities. After a second the drug hit his bloodstream, and he felt his body relax slightly. Not much, but just enough to stop him bringing his meagre breakfast back up. \"Thanks, Sarge,\" he said, stamping his feet against the cold. There was a sound of running water coming from the back of the Bradley. PFC Nelson Fuller, one of the two soldiers the tank carried, was relieving himself noisily against the track. The noise was drowned out by the scream of an Air Force bomber thundering by overhead. Automatically Malone looked up, and caught a quick glimpse of an A-10 Thunderbolt streaking South, keeping just a few hundred feet above the earth. Tonight was cold and clear, stars twinkled frostily in a cobalt blue sky. A chill wind blew from the ice fields to the North. It wasn't as noticeable here at the border, but it was there, slowly creeping into your bones. He had been eleven when that ice had been laid down, and found it difficult to actually remember things being any different. Sarge was different, since he was ten years older. He could remember a time before the everlasting winter, although he never talked about it, and as far as he could make out, nobody ever asked. Sarge was always serious, a cynic. He often got in trouble with his superiors, and no doubt would still be a PFC if it weren't for his undoubted talent and leadership abilities. Malone doubted if there was a better Brad commander in the whole division, and he thanked his lucky stars that he was on this crew. It might in the end be the difference between coming home alive or coming home in a crate. But Johnson inspired the best in his men with a mixture of praise, discipline and leading by example. Plus he always knew where to get cigarettes and booze. He knew people, knew how the wheels of the Army were greased and therefore how to get the most of it. The radio crackled. Instantly the men of Blue Five were alert, except for the Sarge, who still lay gazing up at the night sky. \"Blue Six to Blue Troop.\" This was the voice of the Troop commander. This was it then. \" FOXFIRE . I repeat FOXFIRE . Deployment pattern Charlie. Out.\" FOXFIRE was the go word. Burton started the engine, and all along the battle line the massed tanks and Humvees of the 1st Armoured Division, one part of the vast Continental Army Command, roared into life. One top of the turret, Sergeant Johnson got to his feet and looked down at his men. \"Okay guys. Here we go. Keep your heads and do your jobs and I guarantee we will get back alive.\" He tossed his cigarette into the dirt and climbed into the commander's cupola in the turret. Malone clambered up into the gunner's position. \"Mike check,\" Johnson ordered. Four voices sang back into his headphones. \"Great. Button her up.\" Fuller and Corporal Frank Ryder locked the rear hatch, and he and Malone pulled down their respective hatches. Malone felt his chest constrict as he sealed himself in. But there was nothing unusual about this. He always got a touch of claustrophobia in here, but it had never been enough to distract him from his job. Besides, when they were deep in the shit, the last thing on his mind was how comfortable he was. \"Okay, Burton. Take us out.\" Malone felt some relief from the Sergeant's voice. It was level, steady, but with that trace of an accent which had been tempered over the years with a Texan drawl. There was a reason for this, but it was one of the things nobody ever asked him about, and even if they did, Johnson wouldn't tell them. And there was an excellent explanation for this. Callum Johnson was a dead man. His identity had been stolen in the chaotic days following the Superstorm. His family and friends – those that were still alive – would know the man called Callum Johnson by another name. CJ Greenough took in a deep breath as the Bradley rocked forward. He had, he figured, one week before the world he had built for himself came crashing down. War or not, he was probably going to be shot as a traitor in seven days' time. TO BE CONTINUED… AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hello there, Sputnik here. How you doing? I presume since you reading this, you got to the end. Cheers. Since you got this far, maybe you're willing to go a little further. You see, I imagine it takes a lot of time and fair bit of effort to reach the end, and believe me, I really appreciate it. So well done. Just one thing. You read the whole thing, yeah? So all I ask is one more little favour of you. Please review this story, even if its only 'Bugger off' or 'XD'. You can't believe how much it means to me when I see that little word REVIEW in the subject header of my inbox, so if you enjoyed 'Odyssey' then all I ask is you take a few more minutes to tell me what you think. So, once again, thanks for getting here, I hope you had a good time. TTFN Sputnik. ","Summary":" Hiya all! Sputnik here, retroactively adding a cheery greeting to this prologue. Also this is a pol"}]