[{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Can't Hardly Wait Tumblr RolePlay","Author":"TD-Delete","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8772333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you go around and ask people if they enjoyed their high school years, the majority of them would probably say no. Could you blame them? Besides all the school work, teachers, and parents nagging about your deteriorating grades – there's all the drama, the embarrassing haircuts, and the unattractive pictures that somehow made it into the school yearbook. High school is arguably something you wouldn't want to go through again. You just wish your life was like an 80's teen movie, where a guy would stand outside your window with a boombox, that person who tormented you would get their just desserts, and for one night you could just have the time of your life. You'd just wish that John Hughes would have directed your life. Amidst all that, however, somewhere in that deep hatred you have for your high school experience, are the little moments that actually made you happy: the times you spent with your friends. Located in the stunning town of Rosewood, Illinois, sits the esteemed Rosewood Academy. Rosewood Academy features a stunning campus complete with rustic brick buildings, lavish woods, and a dazzling lake right behind the school's main buildings. At Rosewood, you'll find just about any person you're looking for. You've got the popular girls sitting on the steps of the main building, dumping yogurt on the unsuspecting heads of passersby. The geeks messing around in the science lab, mixing chemicals until they blow something up. The jocks out on the fields, working themselves to the bone for another championship win and just about every other person. For example, there are the Heathers, a group of three girls whose lives consist of making you miserable and loving every minute of it. You can't avoid them. You have Jason Bender, the guy everyone is afraid of and he doesn't mind it one bit. Then you have the kid that can do practically anything and get away with it because his father is the school's dean, Freddie Bueller. What happens though when all of these personalities come together for one major party? You can just say, it wasn't a boring night. The Heathers got what was coming to them, Jason hooked up with someone he never thought he would, and Freddie finally got caught in one of his elaborate plans. This isn't all that happened though. So much more happened. These names sound familiar don't they? That's because the teenagers of Rosewood Academy don't know it, but they are reincarnations of famous Eighties and Nineties teen movie characters. Like in those iconic films, these teenagers aren't what they seem. The popular girls lives are most messed up than the freaks they torment, the jocks know that their time is fleeting, and the freaks are that way for a reason. This roleplay takes place after the events of that unforgettable party and the consequences of that night. ","Summary":" If you go around and ask people if they enjoyed their high school years, the majority of them would"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Secrets","Author":"AliceRulesMyWorld","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8181335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Our children come first. When they're little high school romance fizzles out, we can get together again.\" Mr. Hammond looked down, but knew she was determined. Only Nicole and Chase's romance didn't fizzle out. Not six months later, not a year later, not ten years later. The feelings between Chase's father and Nicole's mother, however, did fizzle out. But I am getting well ahead of the story. Next Week It wasn't that Dee and Nicole weren't still friends with the 'In-crowd'. It wasn't even like Chase was excluded from them. But the popular kids still rejected Ray after his video stunt and, even to an extent, despite his being Dee's boyfriend, they rejected Dave. So while Dee and Nicole and Chase still spoke to their old crowd, they were just that. Their old crowd. They had already been informed that their parents were no longer together, so they weren't exactly shy about their relationship, and his dad and her mom had seen the way they looked at each other, touched, kissed, and they knew . So Nicole and Chase also weren't exactly discreet when they snuck in through each other's window. At least they had the decency to pretend not to be overt. This was not to say it was any less awkward when, if they were woken up by an outside party, her clearly naked body was pulled in tightly against what was just as obviously his bare body. Most mornings, however, he'd plant kisses on her shoulder until she woke, tell her he loved her, throw on his jeans (leaving her with his shirt) and climb back through his window. They pretended to be discreet. Her mother pretended not to hear him climbing in. His father pretended not to notice Chase sneaking back in the next morning. She climbed out of the shower and quickly blow-dried her hair. She put it into a small bun on her head, threw on a pair of jeans and, just to piss off Alicia, quickly tossing one of Chase's button up shirts over a tank top. She'd wear a hoodie out of the house, observing the unspoken but agreed upon pretend discretion. \"It's your turn to drive.\" Nicole informed Chase. \"I drove yesterday.\" \"Well, I'm out of gas.\" Knowing he couldn't win, Chase just rolled his eyes and got into the driver's side of his car. She slipped her jacket off and threw it in the back before buckling her seatbelt. He looked at her, \"Really? My brand new shirt?\" \"You left it at my house. Fair game. Besides, I thought it looked okay.\" \"It looks fantastic, actually. You look very sexy in my shirt.\" \"Not to mention it'll piss Alicia off.\" He backed out of the driveway. \"And Dulcy,\" He added. She smiled mischievously, \"You know, I'm starting to think you had ulterior motives here.\" \"Me? Never.\" \"Whatever. But you still look sexy.\" \"You might be biased.\" She raised an eyebrow. \"No, my artist, I AM biased.\" He turned into the parking lot (why didn't he and Nicole just walk to school?) and put the car into park. He put an arm around her and they met up with Ray. They didn't sit in the quad, after all, Ray was still in shock around Dee. He knew that Dee was nice, after all Dave really liked her. And Ray had faith in him, but it was surprising anyway. He did hate—just a little—that the only reason he was able to hang out with Nicole so much was that she dated his best friend. He had no doubt that he and Nicole would've spoken otherwise, but not to the extent that they did. He had to admit that he did still have interest in Nicole, and he hated that, too. Really, he was torturing himself. Liking her while she loved his best friend was not healthy, he was sure. But he wasn't just jealous of Chase. He was friends with them all, but they had each other. He wanted someone to love him the way that Nicole loved Chase, the way that Dee loved Dave, yearned for it, even. It wasn't that he felt he'd never find it. It was that his friends already had. And that sucked. He knew it was only a matter of time before Dee and Nicole set him up. LINE BREAK Chase sensed that something wasn't quite right. Dee and Nicole were keeping a secret, and he just had to figure out what it was. They sat on the couch opposite each other. Their legs stretched out and their feet near each other's hips was one of their favorite ways to sit. Close, but comfortable, and easier to move. \"Anything interesting after home room?\" Chase asked. \"Alicia asked me whose shirt I was wearing, loudly, in front of the whole class.\" Nicole hadn't seemed upset, so he wondered how that had ended. \"And how did that go?\" \"I said: 'You know that hot guy I spend a lot of time with? It's his shirt.' I actually saw a lot of girls nod as soon as I said 'hot guy'.\" \"Can you blame them?\" He fished for a compliment. \"For drooling over my boyfriend? Yes.\" He had evidently not considered that angle. She seemed perfectly fine now but once in a while she and Dee would look at each other meaningfully. Chase needed to know why. ","Summary":" \"Our children come first. When they're little high school romance fizzles out, we can get together"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"The Pain of Letting You Go","Author":"qpsecretqp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1495412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thank you for having the time to read my story. I hope you will feel, whatnI felt when I wrote this. You may say that this is one of the lamestnstories you've ever read but this is my story, my heart story. ","Summary":" Thank you for having the time to read my story. I hope you will feel, whatnI felt when I wrote this"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"new storyline unnamed","Author":"xlovexxhatex","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4285194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.\" -Albert Einstein I looked up as Mr. Coffin belted out his new tune. It really wasn't too superior. When he finished he looked at me pleadingly. \"So Ms. James? Am I any good?\" His massive green eyes looked at me so hopefully; I couldn't break his heart by telling him he was atrocious. \"Um, Mr. Coffin, you said right? Well Sir, you do have a very… well inimitable voice, but I'm just not sure if it's quite right for this certain musical. I'll be sure to keep you in contacts incase we have anything that would suit you better. Thank you very much for your time.\" He sighed, and thanked me as he walked out the door. The moment he left, my secretary Louise exploded into my office. \"Oh Emily, please tell me you did not let that man actually audition! He was awful! No words can describe how bad he sounded through the walls. And he had a funky smell.\" I laughed at her honesty, and promised I did not let Mr. Coffin actually be in the new production, and no, he did not have a funky smell to him, it was just her pregnant nose. \"So guess who called me last night?\" Louise casually picked at her manicured nails. \"Who?\" \"Missy Haven\" \"Missy from Yale?\" She nodded. \"God- whats that- the 3rd person from your past coming around just this month? Jesus- if I saw anyone from my dark past, I don't know what I'd do.\" \"See Em, that's your problem. How come I have never, ever, in the 10 years I've known you- met anyone from your life? I mean god! Your life could not have been that awful before Yale?\" \"Believe me Louise, everything that could happen to someone, happened to me. I just don't like to think about the past. I mean Jesus, everyone's always like don't dwell on the past, blah, blah…But when I don't like to tell people about myself in my golden years- they're like Oh my God! Whats your problem. Jeez.\" \"Okay then Miss Cranky. Your Golden Years? Haha okay then. Oof. God I hate being pregnant. I cannot WAIT until im back to my old sexy figure.\" I laughed. \"Hey- that is not funny. At least I can start a family. At least I'm not so freaking picky about every date I go with. Well before I got married. But GOD Emily, talk about anal retentive!\" \"So I have standards? At least I'm not some whore sleeping with every breathing being. Just because I have rules doesn't mean anything.\" \"Yeah, sure, everyone has rules. But I mean your rules! God it's like Hitler Rules: No eating crap food on a date; No talking about Cars; No 2nd or 3rd dates, its all or nothing. COME ON.\" \"Alright-Alright! Let's talk about something else. So do you have everything ready for the baby?\" \"Yeah- Will just put up the crib-\" \"So, when's that puppy coming out?\" Someone, a male, called from behind the closed office door. \"May 16th, who's asking?\" Louise called back, startled. \"Ben. Ben Michelson.\" Louise looked at me in a puzzled way, and I returned it the same way. Neither of us had any idea who in the world Ben Michelson was. 'Ben' opened my office door and let him self in. \"Sure, come on in.\" I mumbled. \"Uh, Sorry Ben, I don't think we know- Oh. My. God.\" \"Hey Em, how's it going?\" I was looking at my former best friend Benjamin Michelson, whom I haven't seen for, ten years, at the least. \"Ben? What are you doing here?\" I asked irritated. I did not particularly enjoy surprise visits, especially when it was a surprise visit from the past. \"Well, I just happened to be in the neighborhood, and I was thinking about the last time I saw my best friend, so I thought, hey why don't I go look up where Emily James, hoping it's still James, lives, and surprise her. So here I am! SURPRISE EM!\" I exhaled vociferously, and fell into my green puffy chair dramatically. \"Well, Emily, if you don't mind, I think I'm going to head out for the day. Have a nice night catching up with your pal.\" She turned to Ben and smiled \"Nice to finally meet one of Em's friends from her 'golden years' I hope to be seeing you again.\" She waddled out the door, but not without motioning for me to call her with the 'details' of mine and Ben's encounter. The second she left, I pounced on him \"So, Ben, why are you really here? I know you didn't just out of the blue think of me, so enlighten me.\" He tugged at the end of his golden blonde hair and smiled. \"You mean you're not happy to see me?\" He asked sarcastically. \"No, actually, I'm not thrilled to see you Ben. You know my feelings towards you. I don't know why you keep trying. I told you the last time I saw you, ten, fifteen years ago, who knows when, that this was the end. Now if you don't mind, I would really like you to leave.\" I got out of my chair and moved towards the door. \"Emily, Em please, I know that we had our jagged patches, but, Emily, you cannot tell me that you don't miss the good times when you were with me. I sure miss them. I just, I just want to see you one more time. I've changed. I have really changed. I swear.\" Chapter two \"So, not married, no kids, not even a pet fish? Wow Em, I would've at least guessed you had a pet freaking fish.\" \"Hey, I'm a working woman. I have bills to pay, and people to judge. I don't have time for, what'd you call it, \"a freaking fish.\" He smiled and put his arm around my shoulder and squeezed. \"I missed you Emily, I really did.\" \"Yeah, yeah, yeah, enough chit-chat. Tell me about your life, oh criticizer.\" Ben smiled and took a sip of his coffee. I agreed to one cup of coffee, and one scone, and that's it. No funny business. \"Well, I am 27- you know, not married, one niece, Kelly, who I adore to death, a pet cat named Whiskey- save the joke, and I live in a small townhouse in New Hampshire. Anything else you want to know?\" I finished chewing my scone and asked \"What happened to Elizabeth?\" His face turned sour. \"Elizabeth is no longer with me. She left me junior year of college.\" This bit of information made me smile. \"So the golden couple are no longer? Ahhh, do tell me the story.'' He sighed and started. \"Well, everything was fine and dandy for what, 5 plus years? Well then one night, after Philosophy, I was going up to Lizzie's room to hang out, the usual. So I went into her dorm room, but nobody was there. So I went into her bedroom, to find her, and when I got into her room, I saw something that I wish I hadn't. There was Elizabeth and my best college pal Scott. I was crushed. I mean my girlfriend and best friend, who would have thought it.\" He sighed and took my coffee and gulped the rest of it down. \"Oh, Ben, I am so sorry. I didn't know… I mean if I knew how it made you… oh Ben I'm sorry.\" He smiled and laughed. \"OH please, I am so over her. It's been like… 3 years since I even thought of her.\" \"So, you don't have anyone in your love life anymore?\" I asked curiously. \"Well, you, but that's old news.\" He chuckled. I felt my cheeks warm, but played it off. \"Oh, come on Ben, Foreal, I mean we dated in like freshmen year. Like a million years ago.\" \"We dated all through freshmen, sophomore and junior year Emily. Don't act like you don't remember.\" \"Hey-we'd probably have gotten married if it wasn't for that stupid whore Elizabeth.\" I spat out. \"Okay-okay I get that you're still not over that.\" \"NOT OVER THAT? NOT OVER THAT Ben? Really? I loved you Ben. And one stupid breakup happens, and you're all over that girl. ALL OVER HER. I remember coming home, after crying at Kati's house after breaking up- and I remember calling you-and you telling me your busy- and hearing that whore's voice. That's when I knew we were done forever Ben.\" \"Emily, please. It was like 16 years ago. I was a young hormone crazy boy. You know that. Im sorry I hurt you so bad. You've heard me tell you that millions of times. But hey- I got what I deserved. Elizabeth cheated on me. I know how it feels.\" His face twisted in angst. Can't we just start over?\" \"Last time we tried that- what happened? Don't you remember? I came to your dorm room sophomore year- and told you I wasn't over you- and I loved you- and you shot me down. You made me feel so ridiculous. In front of Elizabeth and all your college prep friends. Do you know how I felt? Awful, neglected, embarrassed. I made the mistake of coming back to you- and it wasn't what I wanted. Now- Now Ben- I don't want to start over again. I don't want you back anymore. I just want you to go.\" \"Emily, Em, listen. Im stupid, ive made so many mistakes in my life. But one thing that will never be a mistake is you. You are the one thing that keeps me in balance. Even when we weren't together, you held me tight. You're the one I thought about when I made love to Elizabeth, you're the one who kept me awake, haunting my dreams at night. Em, you're the one.\" I shifted in my seat, feeling my cheeks flame up. Everyone in the coffee house was staring at us. \"That is…a bunch of bull Benjamin.\" I got out of my seat and walked towards the door. \"Emily I swear to God. I have changed. Emily! This will not be the last of me. EMILY\" Ben called after me, as I walked to my car. He caught up to me, and grabbed hold of my shoulders. \"EMILY. Listen, please, God, Please I have changed. Please Em, give me ONE last chance. Just one. I swear it will be the best mistake you have ever made.\" I sighed, and rested my arm on the hood of my BMW. I looked at Ben- golden blonde, shaggy hair, piercing blue eyes, staring into my soul, fierce look on his face, as if trying so hard to win me over. At that moment, the moment when I saw his face, so determined, I knew. I knew that all the rules were not in tact. I knew at that exact moment that this was a whole new beginning. I looked at Benjamin, and kissed him. Chapter 3 \"Emily! Oh my god! You and Ben?! Already? Dude it was like 8 hours at the most. How did it go? Did ya'll look into each other's eyes and know?\" Louise laughed at the thought. \"Something like that.\" \"So come on! DETAILS!! He is so cute! How do you even know him?\" I sighed. \"Middle school, we dated in high school for a while-then had a gruesome breakup, and here he is. God, Louise, I don't think this is a good idea. I mean when I say it was a gruesome breakup- I am lightly coating it. I just feel that everything's gonna blow up in my face. You know?\" \"But Em!! He came out here, all for you. He is in love with you!! Did you not tell me he said he thought about you when he had sex with his EX? That is major love hun.\" \"Yeah, but I just have a really bad feeling about this.\" \"Girlie, its going to be fun. You're young, and hot. If it doesn't work out-hey whatever right? Listen, I have to go. Doctor appointment for my little baby here. I'll call you when I get back 'kay?\" \"Alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye.\" I hung up the phone and sat in bed. Ben and I ended up making out in the back of my car for…well for a long time. He ended up at my place, crashing on the couch. I looked at the clock, 8:47am. I figured he was still asleep, so I crawled out of bed and crept into the kitchen. As I walked past him, I sighed, looking at him sleeping. He was really cute as Louise said, but something felt wrong about him sleeping there. Last night, he had tried to get me into bed with him, but out of habit, I refused. Sure, I would have loved to get with him; having the pleasure, but it wouldn't have felt right. I sighed again, and turned on the coffee maker. \"Ahhh hot, fresh coffee, my kind of wake-up call.\" Ben stretched and came into the kitchen. \"Good morning Emmy. How'd you sleep?\" He asked, slyly attempting to put his arms around me. I pulled away, and grabbed some mugs out of the cupboard. \"Fine, how about you? Was the couch comfy enough for you?\" \"It was dandy! So, do you want to, talk or something?\" He asked, brushing the hair away from his eyes, like a fifth grader. \"Uh, what would I want to talk about?\" I asked, smiling. Ben came up to me and kissed me. It felt so good. \"Ahhh. What was that for?\" I smiled, kissing him back. \"I have been wanting to do that for such a long time. I'm glad I'm here Em.\" He wrapped his arms around me, and I dropped the mugs. ","Summary":" \"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.\" -Albert Einstein I looked up "},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"happily ever after","Author":"Ella6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1313937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anyway after words our parents went on a few more dates and so did we.nHowever, after our parents were engaged our love for each other did notnstop. We both new we would be brother and sister, well step any way, but wendid really love each other. One day we both went to our favorite place tontalk you know the tree house, and we decided that we could still date untilnour parents, my mom and his dad got married. So to make a long story shortnwe did, but we both new down in our hearts that after our parents gotnmarried we would not be able to stop loving each other. As we dated thendates got increasingly romantic. And one day he popped the question!!! Indidn't know what to say, besides yes of course. However, after I didn'tnknow if I should have because our parents didn't seam to like our idea verynmuch but we are both 18 so they can not stop us. We didn't have a very longnengagement we decided to get married the same day as our parents, in LosnVegas. We liked our idea a lot but it turns out so did our parents, theynhad booked the last opening for that day. Can you believe it our spot beingntook by our own parents??!n We ended up having to have our wedding be a private wedding at thenchurch down the road. It was still really nice though we both invited threenfriends. The 6 people there as guests wondered where our parent were wentold them that we had bought them tickets for a cruise, we were not in thenmood to say that they were getting married in Los Vegas not to mention nonone knew there were ever engaged.n Every thing ended well and the best thing is I am pregnant for twinsnthey are due next week Tuesday! ","Summary":" Anyway after words our parents went on a few more dates and so did we.nHowever, after our parents w"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Masterpiece","Author":"Mac-alicious","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3610559","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N:nSo I know it's really really short. Really short. But it was justnthis little blurb that came to me while I was watching the movie anday or so ago--for the millionth time. My friend stayed over andnbegged me to watch it with her at two in the morning. Lovely. Anyway,nthere isn't really a POV. It would be set around the party whennAlicia goes after Chase (while Nicole is talking with Brad). And it'snbased on the convo Chase and Nicole have during the car ride afternthe basketball game. It's my first Drive Me Crazy fic... Please R&R.;n-Mac Disclaimer:nI don't own Drive Me Crazy. Masterpiece Whennboys compete it's about who is the strongest, who's the most manly.nIt's all out in the open. In fact they make a show of it. They wantneveryone to know that they are battling each other. Especially, theynwant everyone to know they are the best once they've won. Whenngirls compete it's subtle, under the radar. Half the time you won'tneven know it's happening, you don't even know what hit you when younrealize it. Girls plan, they plan every little detail to the tee.nThey plot and they scheme and they manipulate. You would nevernbelieve that these polished, curled locks and lip gloss girls couldnbe conniving, malicious, and destructive. Butnthat's all part of their charm. They fool everyone on the outside,nwhile inwardly they are piecing together a plan to tear you apartnlimb from limb (metaphorically of course). And yet they have nonshame. They will stop at nothing to get what they want--what theynthink they want. Because it's still never good enough in the end,nright? Youncould be their best friend, but stand in the way and you'll getnstabbed in the back. Because nothing brings more satisfaction to thengirl standing behind you twisting it in. See, at least with guys theynstab you in the front. You can see it coming. With girls you nevernknow who they're after. Betrayal comes in many kinds ofndoses--invisible, monumental--and girls dish it out left and right. Butnno one could stand up to Alicia DeGasario. She took betrayal andnmanipulation to a whole new lever. When she set her sights onnsomething, she didn't rest until she had it. It was too bad that shenalways chose what her friends wanted, but you must guess thatnfostered true competition. Alicianwas an expert with personal attacks. She could switch her tactics atnthe drop of a hat. But she always found a way to hurt the people shenwas trying to beat--because winning wasn't enough. She made itnpersonal. She wanted to win and guarantee that those who had lostnnever try again. Even if it meant taking down her best friend.nBecause if she couldn't have what she wanted, then no one could. ButnNicole had said it herself, competition amongst girls was art. Alicianwas an artist. And the whole Brad-Nicole-Chase triangle was going tonbe her masterpiece. ","Summary":" A/N:nSo I know it's really really short. Really short. But it was justnthis little blurb that came "},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Letting You Go","Author":"qpsecretqp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1508100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thank you for having the time to read my story. I hope you will feel, whatnI felt when I wrote this. You may say that this is one of the lamestnstories you've ever read but this is my story, my heart story. He was a guy who was different from all that I've met, even from mynfriends. I didn't know what was different in him but I knew he wasndifferent from the others. I used to describe him as a lively, cute &ntalented boy. I forgot how we met, but I know I met him. I met him as a boynwho had endless dreams of being a singer and dancer at the same time. Henwas one of a kind to me. He would always say to menChase: \" I wish that someday, I will be a famous singer and dancer!\"nHe always said it like a kid. His dreams was of a boy's, of a kid's and Inwas listening and teasing him afterwards. When we were in junior high, wenhad our own hanging place. Our hanging place was in the terrace of ournschool building. We used to talk and listen to each other there. In thatnplace, we hide no secrets, not even one. We even promised to each other,nour sign of honesty. We were standing and facing each other and we made ournsign of friendship, and said.nMe & Chase: \" Children or not, we will not break the promise to bringnhonesty in this balcony!\"n We made this sometime in junior high. And we did, not hide any secrets. Then, we reached high school, the days of first love. Even, if we were notnjunior high scholars anymore, we still went back to our hanging place. Wenstill didn't hide any secrets. He told me his crushes and I told him mine.nWe used to laugh at each other's crushes. We used to say that they have bignhair, rabbit teeth and so may others. We were still like kids, even thoughnwe were in high school already. We still used to have sleep togethern(friendly sleep), eat together, go to school together, go back homentogether and etc. One day, if remembered it clearly, 3 of my girl classmates suddenlynapproached me, then they said,nMy classmates: \" Hey isn't anything happening between you and Chase? \"nMe: \" What are you talking about? \"nMy classmates: \"Oh, come on, Nicole! You 2 have been buddies since you twonwere kids until now we're high school graduates! \"nI was clueless of what they were talking about! Then, they continuednasking,nMy classmates: \" Come on, tell us the news! Are you two together ha?! Ha?!n\"nI didn't know what to say, so I just ignored them and went out of the room.nThen, I thought of what they said. I asked myself,nMe: \" Yeah! That's right! Did Chase even, just for a second, think of me asnhis love as a lover? And do I love him? Do I love him as a friend? Ornsomething more than that?\" I kept thinking of it until school ended. I was holding my books with mynhands and put them in my chest. I was walking slowly and still thinking ofnit. I was about to cross the school gate, when I didn't notice him wavingnat me and I just passed by him.nHe was curious why I didn't mind him, when I was still thinking of it, hentapped me in my shoulder and said,nChase: \" Hey, what's going on? I was waving at you.\"nThat pulled me pulled out of thinking about it. And I replied,nMe: \" Oh! Sorry! Didn't know you were there. I was thinking of something!\"nChase: \" Thinking about something? Come on, tell me!\"nI was about to answer him back, the he said,nChase: \" You know what's better? Let's go to our hanging place! We'll talknabout it there! \" Then we went there. We were sitting there, close together. Then, he said tonme, looking straight at me,nChase: \" Now, tell me, what were you thinking about? Ha?\"nI didn't know if I should have said it, but because of our promise andnbecause he was my best buddy, I told him shyly, looking don at my handsncircularly rubbing each other, Me: \" Chase. do.do.\" Chase: \" Come on, don't be shy, it's not like you haven't told me any ofnyour secrets!\" Then, I said to myself, that it was just one of the questions that comesnout my mouth, every time I ask him things. Then, I asked him hesitatingly,nMe: \" Chase, did you, even just for a second think of me or talk to me asnyour love or as a lover, or something like that?\"nI didn't know how he would react to it. After that question slipped from mynlips, I said to myself,nMe: \" It's not like he would react like he would stare at me & hold mynhands and say that he have always do! He wouldn't react like that, henwouldn't say that even for a million dollars. Oh, well, it's just anquestion.\"nThen, after I thought how he would react, he looked in the sky above us. Henseemed so serious. He breathed deeply & he held my hands & he stared at me.nIn the way he reacted, my heart was beating really fast, I felt somethingninside of me said that I should leave, because this is just a sillynquestion. But then, another part of me says that I should stay & wait fornhis answer. You may never know, he could have really thought of me as hisnlove. Then, I decided to stay & wait for his answer.nHe slowly opened his lips to answer me. My heart was beating really fast,nthinking that he could have really thought of me as his love! Then, slowlynhe said, Chase: \" Xinia. \" (Pls. Tell me your comments so that I will see if I should write the 2ndnpart!) ","Summary":" Thank you for having the time to read my story. I hope you will feel, whatnI felt when I wrote this"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Sleigh Ride! by Preston J Richardson!","Author":"pres27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9930699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sleigh Ride: by Preston J. Richardson Once upon a time in New York City in December, the holiday season was up. The kids are out playing in the snow building snowmen, riding on sleds, and everybody else was doing their Christmas shopping for the families. Driving her car to the Metropolitan Life Tower to work for the life insurance newsletters was an attractive, beautiful, pretty, and sexy woman with olive skin, high cheekbones, long beautiful hair, and a beautiful voice named Doreen Blanc with a smile on her face getting ready to start another day at her job with her friends, plus she's rich and famous in New York City. She parked her car to the parking lot near there, head over to the door, then to the elevator with other people to the twelveth floor, her work number is 1214, it's an office studio room for the newsletters. Everybody is glad to see Doreen and wished her Happy Holidays, Doreen was glad to see everyone back and wished them the same thing. One of her friends is another beautiful girl named Geri McGail went over to Doreen to wish her a good morning. Geri: Good morning, Doreen, and Merry Christmas! Doreen: Well good morning, Geri, and the same to you! Geri: I've got a Christmas riddle for you. Doreen: What's up? Geri: What do you call three guys that say bah humbug to Christmas? Doreen: I don't know. What do you call them? Geri: The Three Scrooges! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Doreen: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Did you made that up yourself? Geri: I sure did. I've got plenty of ideas like this for our newsletters because I make the comics. Doreen: And you do a very great job with your comics, Geri. Another friend of Doreen and Geri's comes to work smiling happy to see them again on her weekend flight from England was another beautiful blonde haired woman was Laurie Michelle Spinnaker. Laurie: Hello, you two smiling beauties! Doreen & Geri: Well hello, smiling beauty! Doreen: How's the party business in England? Laurie: It was great! London, England was really good to me this weekend. I've been disc jockeying, teaching all the British crowd how to party! Geri: Wow, Laurie! You must have had a really great time over there. Laurie: I always have great times when I party. Doreen: So have you found a boyfriend yet while you're down there in England? Laurie: Nope, but I did get a lot of names, addresses, phone numbers, and emails from both guys and gals. Doreen: Well that's a start. Laurie: I am still bi-sexual, plus, I wouldn't forget about any of you guys because you're my friends. Doreen: And you're our friend too, Laurie. Geri: You bet you are our friend. And we always enjoy working with you, Laurie. Suddenly, a beautiful black woman, tall, slim, pretty with high cheekbones, and African skin came to the girls. Her name is Leslie Salas, she was especially glad to see Laurie and the rest of the girls with a smile on her face. Leslie: Yo, what's up, Boo?! Laurie: (snapped her head with a smile.) Leslie! (And they both hugged each other.) How have you been, sexy?! Leslie: Girlfriend, I've been doing out of sight! How was your trip to London? Laurie: It was awesome! In fact, I had a great ol' time! Leslie: Well girl, I'm glad you had a great time over there. (And to Doreen and Geri.) And how are you lovely ladies doing? Doreen: We're doing great, Leslie! Geri: Yes, we are doing great this year. Doreen & Geri: How about you, Leslie? Leslie: Y'all, I'm doing great! See what I'm saying, Boo? Doreen: We know exactly what you're saying, Boo. Geri: So did you have a good weekend, Leslie? Leslie: I sure did. I did all of my Christmas shopping after Thanksgiving and last week. Now I don't have to worry about it anymore. I am free. Doreen: (slapped her right cheek real hard across her face.) UMM! You did all of that real fast? Wow! You are ahead of me! I still have more to go because I have a great big family. Leslie: So do I. Geri: I still have a whole lot more to go too. And on top of that, I have to get my boyfriend something for Christmas as well. Which sort of reminds me, I need to call him after work today. Leslie: What do you need to call him about? Geri: He asked me if I'm free this Friday night because he wants to take me out to dinner, and to go see a play called \"A Christmas Carol.\" So I don't want to blow my only chance so I must call him. Laurie: Hey, you gals, here comes the boss. Leslie: Uh-oh, the boss is coming? Doreen: Well let's get to work, everybody before we get yelled at. Everybody: Right! So everybody went back to work where they belong because the boss went walking in. He's a fifty seven year old man with a grey suit and a black tie. His name is Richard Waters. He wants to see everybody working and not loafing. He went to Doreen's office first. He knocked on her door, Doreen opened it up, and said good morning to him. Doreen: Good morning, Mr. Waters. Seasons Greetings. Richard Waters: Hello, Doreen. Happy Holidays. You know, I've been watching you every step of the way. Doreen: You have, sir? Richard: Yes. You've always wanted to be a manager, right? Doreen: More than ever, sir. Richard: How would you like to be my assistant manager of this business? Doreen: You're promoting me as manager?! Richard: Yes I am. Doreen: (trying to get a hug from the boss, but Richard pushed her away from him.) Wow! Thank you so much, Mr. Waters! You don't know how much this means to me! Richard: Uh, no hugs please, Doreen. That's against my policy. Doreen: I'm sorry, sir, but I'm just way too excited to be assistant manager! When do I start? Richard: You start right now. Doreen: Oh, thank you so much, sir! One day, a fine young man came to Metropolitan Life Tower to 1214 the room number named Vincent Mole, a sweet, smart 21 year old guy who just graduated from New York State College with a big smile on his face, and now he's ready to work in the big leagues. He made it to the room, and punched in on time. He thinks he'll find new friends in the new workplace, but too many people didn't like him. When Vincent walked by, a lot of people looked at him funny with very angry looks. They were all ticked off with his smile, and had problems with his overhigh standards, all except a gay guy working in the business with a beard, moustache, and a hairy chest. But little did Vincent know that this gay guy started flirting with him going \"Damn, this guy is sexy!\" Vincent just looked at his new office, and it is great. Then Richard Waters the boss tapped Vincent on his left shoulder, Vincent turned around, and Richard welcomed him. Richard: Welcome aboard, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you, and you must be the boss Mr. Richard Waters. Richard: Yes indeed. (Then Doreen Blanc walked by to meet Vincent Mole.) And this is my assistant Doreen Blanc. Doreen: (shook hands with Vincent.) Hi, you're Vincent Mole, are you? Vincent: Yes I am. And you're the beautiful Doreen Blanc. Nice to meet you. Doreen: Nice to meet you too, Vincent. But even Geri and Laurie didn't like Vincent either, all except Doreen Blanc and Richard Waters. Vincent: Are one of you going to show me around the place and teach me a lot of things I need to know? Richard: Yes, Doreen is going to do these things for you while you're both here. Doreen: And I'm sure me and you are gonna be close buddies because you've got such a handsome gorgeous smile on your face, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you, Doreen. I like your smile too. I've never written a newsletter for anybody before. But I've written a lot of high school and college news on papers. Doreen: Well it's the same thing. Only more exciting than a barrel of monkeys. You'll love it, Vincent. Vincent: It's not hard, isn't it? Richard: No, of course not. It's real easy. Don't worry, everybody gets nervous on their first day on the job, even us bosses. Doreen: And this is my first time being manager. And I still get nervous doing this. Meanwhile, Geri and Laurie started looking at Vincent funny with angry looks as well. They were telling rumors to each other behind Vincent's back, and that's bad. Geri: That guy is not so cool. Laurie: He's a gay nerd. He's up to something very bad. I would not go out with a guy like him. He needs to marry his mother, stepsister, and a guy with a beard, moustache, and a hairy chest because he's a cartoon character! Geri: He's got too many overhigh standards, a very nasal voice, and he doesn't look too brainly! He's an ogre I tell you! Laurie: He's crazy! And why is Doreen Blanc showing him around when she's not supposed to a geeky monsterous dog around? What does she see in him? That's stupid! Geri: Well we don't see anything good with that geek! We see a lot of bad things in him, whoever his name is! Doreen shouldn't show him around! She needs to show him a thing or two! I don't like this one bit! Doreen is supposed to be our friend! Laurie: Well we'll talk to Doreen about this, and keep her away from that Mr. Happy go lucky crazy cartoon. She's supposed to only like the bad boys this year, and beyond! Soon work was over, everybody goes home now. Vincent heads over to the Church of Transfiguration at Pell Street near Columbus Park to start his quiet time, reading his bible, then praying to God to help give him strength, and to find new friends including a girlfriend who will treat him swell and give him an adventure he always wanted. So Vincent sits in one of the seats by himself, reads his bible, then prays to God about things. Vincent: Father in Heaven, even though I've moved here from St. Louis, Missouri with my parents, and I graduated from New York State because I only had a few friends in college, I need plenty of friends at my job, around the city, and in my neighborhood in my new street in New York City, along with a beautiful girl who I can share my life with, have an adventure, someone who's sweet, nice, kind, polite, caring, sharing, charming, friendly, funny, honest, truthful, well educated, financially stable, smart, talented, intelligent, submissive, understandable, rich, famous, outgoing, way cool, and she's got to have a great big family. But when Geri McGail came to the church getting ready to read her newspaper, she didn't like the way Vincent prayed. She thought that Vincent is stealing her plans away from her with his overhigh standards. So she rolls the paper up rushes over to Vincent, and bashes him across the head with it real good and hard, and Vincent shouted \"OW,\" and turns around! Vincent: Is there a problem here, Miss?! Geri: Yeah, as a matter of fact, there is! Why were you getting your hopes too high on my dreams?! Vincent: I was not getting my hopes too high on anybody! I was in a middle of a prayer, and you just interrupted me by hitting me in the head with that newspaper! Geri: (angry.) You were getting your hopes too high on my personal business! I CAUGHT YOU, YOU CREEP! Vincent: (got up angry.) I don't know what you're talking about, young woman! And how dare you accuse me of getting my hopes too high on people's business! You don't even know me! Geri: (slapped Vincent hard across the face and threatened him.) YOU'RE NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO BE WITH ANYBODY, NOT EVEN GIRLS! And I better not ever catch you anywhere near anybody, not even Doreen, nor me, nor the boss! If you come to work saying hello to everybody just once more, I will KILL YOU! You're a homosexual, and you need to marry your mother, your sister, and a guy with a beard, moustache, and a hairy chest! Vincent: You're sick! You know that, do you?! I'm not gay! And you shouldn't talk to anybody like that because that's mean! If you don't take your negativity someplace else, then I'm gonna call the police for that harassment! Geri: You're a geek! STAY AWAY FROM MY PLANS! (And she gave Vincent a black eye on his left eye real hard with her fist.) YOU MONSTER! YOU WORM! Then she walked away out into the streets leaving poor Vincent alone in tears crying like a baby. Vincent: HELP! Suddenly, a black janitor named Gus heard Vincent's cry while he was sweeping the whole church floors. So Gus went up to Vincent to ask him what's the matter. Gus: Are you alright, boy? What's wrong? Vincent: I was doing okay praying to God until some mean woman stopped me from praying by threatening me to quit dreaming, making new friends, and thinking about girls! She just wants me to keep my mouth shut for good and marry a gay guy with a beard, moustache, and a hairy chest, and that's not cool at all! That's all very sickning! And she doesn't even know me! That's why I've got this black eye from her just recently because she hates me! She thinks I'm gay, and she wants me dead! Just because I have overhigh Standards does not give anybody the right to judge me like that! Gus: Well don't listen to her. But pray for her. You go to church every Sunday, do you? Vincent: I do all the time. Gus: Do you read your bible everyday? Vincent: Yes I do. Gus: And do you accept the lord Jesus Christ as your holy savior? Vincent: Yes. Gus: Well if someone's ever threaten you like that nasty girl just did, pray about it. Just ask the lord to help her change her wicked ways. And if she doesn't change right away, keep praying for her and let God handle her. This is America. Plus, this is the Christmas season. You can do whatever you want in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Vincent: You're right, sir. I don't need to listen to her grief, nor anybody else's negativity. I'm my own person. And I can take care of myself. Gus: There you go. If people threaten you to do nasty things for them, tell them no. And if they don't like it, that's their loss, not yours. So you just worry about you. Vincent: I will, and nobody's gonna stop me either! But just then, Geri McGail came back to the church, she overheard Vincent and Gus talking, and she was not very happy about this at all. In fact, she was very ticked off about what Gus and Vincent were talking about. She walked real fast over there just to get Vincent with an angry look. Gus: Say, what's your name, man? Vincent: I'm Vincent. Vincent Mole. Gus: (shook hands with Vincent.) Nice to meet you, Vincent. I'm Gus Jenkins. Vincent: Nice to meet you, Gus. Gus: I'll be saying a prayer for you, Vincent. I'll pray that the lord will give you peace, strength, and encouragement to deal with these nasty folks. Vincent: Thank you, Gus. Thank you oh so much because I'm going to need all the praying I can get. Geri: (stopped them, pulled Vincent by his ear, and talked to Gus.) Excuse me, pal, but I believe this dummy is with me, and I would appreciate it oh so very much if you didn't talk to him anymore, unless you want to get a big whack across the stomach with your God nonsense! QUIT IT! Gus: Well whoopdeedoo, girlfriend! May God have mercy on your soul big time! Geri pulled Vincent by the ear real good and hard and then took him outside in front of the church. Geri: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! Vincent: (angry.) What does it look like I'm doing, you stuck up snob?! I was trying to get away from you the way you were threatening me! Geri: You were taking away my routine with your overhigh standards against me, you double crossing, dream robbing dork! AND I DON'T LIKE ANYBODY TAKING MY PLANS AWAY FROM ME LIKE THAT! THAT'S DUMB! Vincent: LOOK, SNOB, WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?! WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME WHEN YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME?! Geri: (agitated.) YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY, GEEK?! And Geri beats Vincent up real good and hard, punches him, kicks him, slaps him, really roughs the daylights out of him until Vincent was down, and he was. Then Geri raves at him some more. Geri: STAY OUT OF MY FUTURE, JERK! And Geri ran away across the streets without looking both ways mad, and she just got hit by a car. She landed on the ground unconscious, but she's not dead. A man in his sixties got out from the car to check out Geri to see if she's okay, and everybody else watched as well. The man: (to Geri.) Hey Miss! Miss! Are you alright? Doreen Blanc went up there too to see if Geri was hurt, and she paniced. Doreen: OH MY GOD! WHAT HAS HAPPENED HERE?! Doreen ran up a little closer to see if Geri's alright. Doreen: GERI! A policeman stopped Doreen in her tracks and said this to her. The policeman: Miss, you're gonna have to stand back. There was a major accident on these streets. Doreen: But that's my best friend Geri McGail! She would never jaywalk like that! The policeman: Miss, I said stand back! We're taking care of this right now! Suddenly, Vincent got up, but still he was hurt and bruised to death. But everybody looked at Vincent getting up and they had very angry looks. They all thought he killed Geri. A Chinese man: (pointing at Vincent's direction.) HE DID IT! HE KILLED THAT WOMAN OUT ON THE STREETS! A man: YUCK! DISGUSTING! An old woman: YOU OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF! YOU MONSTEROUS MASHER! A Hispanic woman: GET HIM! Vincent: (to everybody.) But I didn't do anything! She did it to me! TO ME! A black woman: (grabbed Vincent by his right arm.) HEY BOY! HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?! HOW DARE YOU TORTURE THAT NICE WOMAN WITH YOUR ROTTON GARBAGE LIKE THAT! JUST WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?! (Then she beats him up.) DON'T YOU EVER GET YOUR HOPES TOO HIGH ON OTHER PEOPLE'S PLANS LIKE THAT EVER AGAIN! DO YOU HEAR ME, FOOL?! Then she punches him to a newsstand, and knocks everything down including him with another black eye! Suddenly, two police officers grabbed Vincent, handcuffed him, put him in the paddy wagon. One of the officers said to him \"You're under arrest on suspendtion of killing a woman out in the streets! You have the right to remain silent! You have the right to sing the blues! Anything else you say or do shall be used and held against you in a court of law!\" Vincent: But I didn't do anything! She did that to me, and she did that to herself! The policemen: SHUT UP! You're going to jail! Doreen: Now why are they locking Vincent up?! Vincent: LET GO OF ME, I SAY! I'VE DID NOTHING WRONG! But the police didn't listen to a word Vincent said at all. They just took him into custody. Suddenly, Laurie Michelle Spinnaker came over to Doreen and asked her this. Laurie: What just happened, Doreen? Doreen: Geri's gone to the hospital, and I don't know where the police are taking Vincent! I don't think Vincent did anything wrong at all. Laurie: Yeah he did! He's gotten his hopes too high on our plans! That's why he's taking to custody! The next morning at the Metropolitan Life Tower, everybody returns back to work, Vincent just got released from the police station and went back to work, then the boss Richard Waters had to talk to him about something. Mr. Waters: Now Vincent, what you did to Geri was unforgivable! That was the most lowest, low down, and very disgusting thing that you did to her! Vincent: Sir, I can assure that I didn't do anything to her at all. She did it to me, and she did it to herself. Mr. Waters: DON'T LIE TO ME, VINCENT! Vincent: Who's lying?! Mr. Waters: VINCENT! Geri has worked real hard in this business, and she always does a very great job around here! Now I expect you to show some respect with everybody here, and that includes Geri! This is the Christmas season! Halloween is over! If you ever scare off any of my employees with your foolishness like that again, you won't be working here! When Geri gets back from the hospital, you owe her a big apology! I'm telling you right now, either shape up, or ship out! DO YOU HEAR ME?! Vincent: (crying.) Yes, sir. Mr. Waters: DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN EVER AGAIN, OR YOU'RE BUSTED! Then Richard Waters left, then Laurie Michelle Spinnaker went up to Vincent and said a negative comment to him. Laurie: Boy, are you dumb! Hahahahahahahahahahaha! Then she left him, then this gay guy with a beard, moustache and hairy chest came to Vincent with an evil smile and started saying nasty, and unkind things to him like he's in love with him. The bearded gay guy: Hey ya, sexy! You look like that hot and sexual sexy type for me! Would you like to go out with me on a date? Vincent: NO! Now leave me alone! The bearded gay guy: Oh baby, you're real hot when you're angry, and I love it! It turns me on! Vincent: Will you get out of here already?! I'm not into this garbage! The bearded gay guy: You know I've been watching you, and I want your body this year. You've been the Christmas present I've been wanting to have as my own for the longest time. I want to marry you, and have sex with you all night and all day. You're everything I've been dreaming about. Vincent: GET AWAY FROM ME, YOU NASTY CREEP! The boss comes back to watch over Vincent. Mr. Waters: VINCENT! Leave Gary alone! You're nagging him to death! Vincent: Who, Mr. Waters? This gay guy is named Gary? Mr. Waters: You know who I mean, Vincent! Don't give me none of that guff! Vincent: But sir- Mr. Waters: Now that's enough, Vincent! You keep acting crazy with people long enough, and that needs to stop! Otherwise you will be looking for another job! Do you hear what I said?! And don't forget to apologize to Geri when she comes back because you hurt her! So don't go hurting Gary the same way! You hear me?! You leave them alone, otherwise you're in big trouble! And Mr. Waters left again, Vincent was a bit confused about who's Gary. So he asked the bearded gay guy if his name is Gary. Vincent: Are you Gary? The bearded gay guy: Yes. Gary Dunne is my name, and getting you is my game. And I'll be seeing you real soon, baby. Loves and kisses! And the bearded gay guy Gary Dunne took off, and Vincent started crying in tears because nobody wants to be his friend. Then finally, Doreen Blanc came over to Vincent to ask him what's wrong. Doreen: What's wrong, Vincent? Vincent: Everybody hates me here in New York! I have no friends, some crazy woman started threatening me, but everybody thought I did something to her, and I didn't She did it to me and she did it to herself! Doreen: I know you didn't do anything to Geri, Vincent. She always gets like this when she sees a lot of lonely men. Vincent: Now who is this Geri woman? Doreen: She was the one who threatened you. I told that crazy woman to take her medicine before she comes here to work. It's obvious that she didn't do it. No wonder she gets into too much trouble. Vincent: Well never in my life have I seen anybody like that, not even Geri. The girl doesn't even know me when she threatened me like that. I wish I had plenty of friends though. Doreen: I'll be your friend, Vincent. And I'm sure everyone else will too once they get to know you. Vincent: Well nobody wants to get to know me today. Doreen: This sounds like you need a hug. Vincent: I do. Doreen: But first, let me slap myself in the face. (And she slapped her right cheek across her face real good and hard and grunted.) UMM! Come here, Vincent. Then they both reached out to each other and gave each other a big long cheek to cheek hug. Vincent: I love you, Doreen. Doreen: I love you too, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you. Doreen: You're welcome. Then they finally let go of each other. Doreen: Say Vincent, are you doing anything this Friday after work? Vincent: No, not that I know of. Doreen: How would you like to go with me on a sleigh ride around downtown New York City, after that, come over my parents' house for dinner? You'll get a chance to meet my big family, and they're all very nice. Vincent: Would I?! I would love that very much! Yes, I would love to go with you this Friday night. Doreen: Do you want to meet here at work this Friday night so that we can go from here? Vincent: Sure. I'll ride with you to cool places around New York because I don't have a car yet. I always take the bus. But at least I save a lot of my money like my parents taught me. I have at least forty one thousand dollars in the bank. Doreen: For how much is it for bus fare? Vincent: A dollar and seventy five cents. Doreen: A dollar and seventy five? That's very expensive. Don't spend one seventy five for bus trips. I'll take you to work, and bring you back home everyday. How does that sound? Vincent: That sounds cool! Doreen: Yeah. Don't spend it on bus trips anymore. Save your money. Do you live with your parents? Vincent: Yes I do. Doreen: Where do you live, Vincent? Vincent: 812 Avenue M. Doreen: I know where that is. Vincent: You do? Doreen: I sure do. In fact, I know my way around New York City. Vincent: That's cool! Then you can show me all around New York City. Doreen: You bet I will. I will show you all around the big apple. Vincent: Awesome! Then suddenly, Laurie Michelle Spinnaker came up to Doreen and Vincent because she overheard everything Doreen said to Vincent. Laurie: Can I come along too? Doreen: Sure you can, Laurie. Laurie: (to Vincent.) Oh, I'm sorry I called you dumb. I know you didn't Geri. She did that herself. I was just kidding. Vincent: That's okay. Laurie: By the way, my name is Laurie. What's your name? Vincent: (reaching out to shake hands.) Vincent. Laurie: (shook hands with Vincent.) Nice to meet you, Vincent. Vincent: Nice to meet you too, Laurie. Then suddenly, Leslie Salas came over to Vincent and the girls and asked them this question. Leslie: Hey yo, what's going on around up in here? Doreen: Leslie, meet Vincent. He's our new employee who just moved here to New York from St. Louis, Missouri. Leslie: St. Louis, Missouri?! That's where I'm from too, baby! (To Vincent.) Hi, my name is Leslie. Vincent: (shook hands with Leslie.) Hi, my name is Vincent. Leslie: Nice to meet you, Vincent. Vincent: Nice to meet you too, Leslie. Doreen: Well I'm sure when Geri comes back in, she needs to apologize to you and be your friend as well, Vincent. Vincent: Well she better. Otherwise I won't ever talk to her again. Laurie: Oh oh, you guys. Here comes the boss. Leslie: The boss? Where? Laurie: Over there on the right of you. Leslie: Oh oh! We'll chat later, Vincent. So everybody went back to work when Richard Waters came along to see everybody working. Mr. Waters: (to himself.) Thought I like this business better than a barrel of monkeys. Doreen: Hello, Mr. Waters. Mr. Waters. Hello, Doreen. (to everybody else.) Okay, everybody, it's quitting time! You all did a very good job today. Now it's time to go home. Everybody: ALRIGHT! So everybody packs up their stuff nice and neatly, heads down to the elevators, and heads for home. Some people have some more Christmas shopping left to do. Vincent waits for Doreen to take him home. Doreen: Are you ready, Vincent? Vincent: Ready as I can be. Doreen: Well let's go. And they were on their way. Meanwhile at the parking lot of the building, inside Doreen's car, Doreen and Vincent were talking about things on their minds while Doreen was driving taking Vincent home. Vincent: I love your car, Doreen. Doreen: Why thank you, Vincent. Vincent: Do you always keep your car clean everyday? Doreen: Yes I do. I sometimes take it to a carwash and they wash it for me, polish it, and clean it. Sometimes I do it all myself. Vincent: That's very cool, Doreen. Doreen: Thank you, Vincent. So what do you do on your days off? Vincent: Well for one thing, I write to all of my sisters and brothers that are now away, so I'm the lone ranger in the family. Doreen: Aw, you poor thing. Well all of my brothers and sisters haven't moved out yet, all except me. They're still there with my parents. So you'll get a chance to meet them when you come over to my family's house. Vincent: Cool! I can't wait to meet everybody over there once we're there. I hope they're very nice. Doreen: They're more than nice, they're all very sweet. Vincent: I'm glad. Doreen: So do you do any hobbies at all? Vincent: I like to write scripts, write music, play piano, sing, act, and direct for plays. I did that all back when I was in high school in St. Louis, and in college here in the state of New York. Doreen: Wow! That's amazing! Vincent: Also, I want to make my way to move to Los Angeles, California to be one of Hollywood's biggest stars, and I will go global. Doreen: That's cool, Vincent! Well I hope your dreams come up for you. Good luck. Vincent: Thank you. And finally they made it over to Vincent's house at 812 Avenue M. It's a big house made of bricks. Doreen: Now, is this the house where you live? Vincent: Yes it is. Thank you for the ride, Doreen. Doreen: Aw, you're quite welcome, Vincent. And they both gave each other a great big cheek to cheek hug. Here is the mother and father Vincent lives with. Their names are Amy and Clearence Mole. Amy is the mother, and Clerence is the father. They are checking out their Christmas list about the presents they're giving to their family. Amy: Clerence honey, I'm still trying to think what I want to give to my son in law Tom and his wife and kids of what they want for Christmas. Clerence: Well don't forget, Amy, that you still need to get a gift for your mother also. Amy: I know. My mom is desperate to get a gift from me big time. Soon, there was the door being unlocked, and it was their son Vincent. Vincent: Mom, Dad, I'm home! Amy: (coming running to him.) Vincent! How is my boy doing? Vincent: Pretty good, mom. Where's Dad? Clerence: I'm coming, son! And here comes Clerence. Clerence: Wow, you look like a million dollar business man, Vincent! How are you holding up on your job? Vincent: It's going pretty good, mom and dad. At first I thought I won't have any friends, but I found some. At least I found one. Her name is Doreen Blanc. She's a babe, and she's assistant manager in the business. Amy: Is she rich, Vincent? Vincent: Indeed she is. Clerence: That's great, son! Are you in love with this Doreen woman? Vincent: Actually we're just friends for now. But she said she would invite me to her family's house to meet her family so that I'm not being as lonely as much now that I miss all my brothers and sisters. Amy: Well it's nice that you found a friend in Doreen Blanc. Vincent: Plus, she wants to go sleigh riding with me, and she's gonna show me all around New York City. And I can't wait! I can't wait! Clerence: Well I'm sure you two are going to get to know each other, and get along just fine. Vincent: Yes we will. Well I better take off these work clothes, take a shower, and put on something comfortable before she gets here. Amy: Okay, Vincent! You have a good time! Vincent: Oh, I will! Clerence: You have fun, son! We'll see you when you get back! Vincent: Thanks, mom and dad! Catch you guys later! Then Vincent runs to his room, takes off his work clothes, puts on his robe, heads to the bathroom, turns on the shower, and takes it. Meanwhile over at the New York Hospital, Geri McGail was wondering when is she ever going to get better. In the hospital, she was lying in one of the beds watching her favorite program on TV. She's watching \"Desperate Housewives.\" She laughs at it all the time. Geri: I love Desperate Housewives! Suddenly, Geri heard a knock at her door. She said \"Come in,\" and it was Doreen Blanc. Doreen: Hey, Geri, how are you holding up? Geri: I'm holding up great now, Doreen. I'm waiting for the nurse to come up with the results of whether or not I should leave this hospital. I'm hoping I do so real soon. Doreen: (angry.) That was very stupid of you after what you did to Vincent the other day, Geri! Geri: Doreen, he's a troublemaking, double crossing moron. I hate him, and you should hate him too. Doreen: I don't hate him at all! So how dare you say that disgusting, nasty phrase to me like that?! Geri: Doreen, he's gay, and he's only a little child. Doreen: No he's not! Plus, he's not gay either! Geri: What are you talking about?! Doreen: I'm taking him out tonight to my parents' house to meet my family for dinner, and after this, me and him are going for a sleigh ride together because I'm gonna show him all around New York City to cheer him up! They shouldn't arrest Vincent for what you did to him and yourself, they need to arrest you for that because you judged and threatened him, and you don't even know him! He's only from St. Louis, Missouri! Geri: (aggressive.) What?! You're going out with a geek tonight and inviting him to your parents' house?! How could you do this to me, Doreen?! You know we can't go out with dweebs! He's a dweeb that needs to be punished! And I thought you were my very best friend! TRATOR! Doreen: I was just going to say the same thing! It's very obvious that you don't want to befriend Vincent for what he's been going through! You ought to be ashamed to yourself! Geri: I don't want to make friends with a geek! Okay?! I only make friends with cool people that are rich and famous! Doreen: The that, my dear, leads an end to our friendship! You don't like Vincent, I don't like you! And Doreen leaves Geri's room angry. Suddenly, a beautiful nurse comes to Geri's room to check on her. The nurse: Hello, Geri. Geri: Hello, Nurse. The nurse: Who was that that just walked by? Geri: Oh, that was just my stupid friend Doreen. She didn't know what she was talking about to me. The nurse: Well just ignore people like that. Good news! You go back home now! Geri: Oh cool! Now I can go back to work again to teach my stupid friend, and that dweeb a lesson. The nurse: Why do you want to teach a dweeb a lesson? Geri: Because I hate geeks, that's why! The nurse: You hate them? But you'll liable to hurt them, and that's not nice. Geri: It is too nice. After all, this is a free country. I love the popular, and I hate the lonely. So there! The nurse: Okay. If that's the way you want it. But if you disrespect anybody that you run into, nobody is going to respect you back. So I would suggest that you think about that. Okay? Geri: Okay. So the nurse lets Geri go, she's walking fine, and she's okay. Geri: Gee, thanks, nurse. I feel much better already. The nurse: You're quite welcome, Geri. Well you have a Merry Christmas. Geri: You too. Thanks. They both wave good bye with smiles on their faces. When Geri took the elevator down, she called Gary Dunne and three more gay guys to get Vincent. Geri: (on her cellphone.) Hello, Gary? Oh, it is you. Are you still lonely? Well I have a man just for you this year. His name is Vincent Mole, the homosexual gay monster. He's gonna be your man from now on, and not Doreen Blanc's. So bring the other three gay guys with you as well. Okay? Then she hung up the phone, then put it back inside her purse. And she was on her way. Meanwhile back at 812 Avenue M, Vincent is ready for Doreen to come and get him. Amy: Wow! You look very spiffy tonight, son. Vincent: Thanks, mom. Amy: I take it you're waiting for Doreen. Vincent: Yes I am. And she's gonna be here immediately. So I made it just in time. Clerence: Well well well, don't you look hot tonight, son! Thanks, dad. I'm waiting for Doreen. She said \"She's gonna be here tonight.\" Clerence: Well you two have fun tonight. Vincent: I will, dad. (He looks out the window.) Yes, here comes Doreen right now! Amy: Is that her, son? Vincent: Yes it is! And she's heading this way! The doorbell rang, Vincent opened the door, and it's Doreen. Doreen: Hey, Vincent! Ready to go? Vincent: I've been waiting for this moment for so long, Doreen. Doreen: Oh, of course, you've been patient. Vincent: Indeed I have. Come on in. I want you to meet my parents. Doreen: Sure. And Doreen walked in the house to meet Vincent's parents. Vincent: This is my mom. Amy: (reaching out to shake hands with Doreen.) Hi. You must be Doreen. I'm Amy. Nice to meet you. Doreen: (shook hands with Amy.) Nice to meet you, Amy. And Happy Holidays. Vincent: And here is my dad. Clerence: Hi, I'm Clerence. You must be Doreen. Doreen: (shook hands with Clerence.) Yes, sir. Nice to meet you, Clerence. Clerence: Nice to meet you too, Doreen. Doreen: So are you ready, Vincent? Vincent: Ready as I'll ever be, Doreen. Doreen: Cool! Vincent: Well mom, dad, we've got to go. Amy: Well you two have a great time. Clerence: Have fun, you guys. Doreen: It was nice meeting you two. Amy: You too, Doreen. We hope to see you again. Clerence: Stop by and see us again, Doreen. Doreen: Oh, I shall. Good bye. Vincent: Good bye, mom. Good bye, dad. Amy & Clerence: Good bye, son. And Vincent and Doreen closed the housedoor, and they were on their way out. Amy: Wow, Clerence! I can't forget what we did for the holidays back when we were teenagers. Clerence: Oh yes, Amy. We were the wildest teens back home in St. Louis. Amy: Indeed we were. Until that night at the high school Christmas party for all the teenagers, you asked me to dance for the very first time when I started checking you out sitting in a table with my friends. Clerence: Yes of course. I started checking you out too. I was too shy to come to you. Amy: And I was too shy to come to you. But at least we both made it through. Clerence: We sure did, Amy. After all the men and women we've been around with, we finally had each other. Amy: Yes, you were my early Christmas present. Clerence: And you were my early Christmas present too. We were having a ball with each other. Were we? Amy: We sure did, Clerence. While Doreen was driving the car with Vincent by her side, Doreen and Vincent were talking about things on their minds. Doreen: Vincent, you're gonna love New York City. It's a real cool place this year. Vincent: Wow! This will be cool! So how long you've been living in New York City? Doreen: For years, man. For years. As if I live here. Vincent: (laughs.) You're so funny. Doreen: (laughs back.) You are too. Vincent: Thank you. I tried. So what nationality are you, Doreen? Doreen: I'm European. What nationality are you? Vincent: I'm American as always. Doreen: That's cool, dude! I like Americans a lot because they're special, and they're smart. Vincent: And I like all nationalities from all over the world, including Europeans. And Doreen, I like you. Doreen: Why thank you, Vincent. I like you too. Oh, we have to pick up Laurie as well. And they did go to Laurie Michelle Spinnaker's house at 316 West 128TH Street. So Doreen blew her horn, Laurie rushed over to Doreen's car, went in, and they were on their way. Laurie: Well good evening, both of you. Vincent: Well good evening, Laurie. Doreen: Good evening, Laurie. Are you ready for this big event? Laurie: My friend, I was born ready. (To Vincent.) How are you doing tonight, Vincent? Vincent: I'm doing great, Laurie! I can't wait to go to this sleigh ride with you girls. Laurie: Well we can't wait either, Vincent. This is going to be a lot of fun. Vincent: You know, did I ever tell any of you that this is my first time I'm going out with two beautiful girls? Doreen: Well you're gonna have a lot of fun with us girls, Vincent. Laurie: Yeah, and we'll get to know each other, spend some time with each other, and hug and kiss each other. Vincent: I love hugs and kisses. Doreen: So do I, Vincent. Laurie: Me too. So Vincent, where are you from? Vincent: I'm from St. Louis, Missouri. Where are you from, Laurie? Laurie: I'm originally from Chicago, Illinois. But I was raised here in New York. Vincent: That's way cool! I hear you're a D.J. for parties, weddings, and all other occasions. Doreen: And she's one of the coolest disc jockeys here in the face of this planet Earth. Laurie: So if you have a party going on at your place, Vincent, let me be the D.J. for your festival. Okay? Vincent: You got it. You can come to my house for a party anytime. Laurie: Sure. Vincent: I love you girls already. Doreen: Aw, we love you too, Vincent. Laurie: We sure do. Doreen: Well, you guys, we made it downtown. Vincent: Cool! I've been hoping to come here for so long. Laurie: Well this is really cool! Doreen: As soon as I find a parking place, we'll get to a sleigh ride. Laurie: Yes, absolutely. And they all found a parking place downtown, got off the car, and went walking to go on one of the horse and sleighs. They walked through Time Square. Doreen: Here we are, Vincent, at Time Square. Where the neon lights are all beautiful this time of year. Laurie: Have you been to Time Square before, Vincent? Vincent: Why no, I've never been here before. But I've heard so many amazing stories about it. This is great! I like it! Doreen: And you're gonna love our sleigh ride when we show you around New York City. Vincent: There comes a horse and a sleigh now. A man driving the horse and sleigh stopped for Doreen, Laurie, and Vincent. The man: Would you ladies and gentlemen like a sleigh ride? All three: We sure would. The man: Three dollars, please. Doreen: I've got this, you guys. (To the man.) Here's nine dollars, sir. The man: Come on aboard. And they all went aboard the horse and sleigh, and took a ride in it. Vincent: Wow, this is relaxing. Doreen: See, I told you you'd like it. Laurie: I like it too, you guys. Doreen: I come to these sleigh rides every year. Laurie: We know you do, Doreen. Vincent: But I don't know it. Doreen: Well now you do, Vincent. Vincent: You got it. And Doreen was showing Vincent all around New York while on the sleigh ride, and Laurie just watched all the sight seeings of the city. Vincent: Wow, Doreen, you sure know this city! Doreen: Umm-hmm, it's the city of entertainment. Vincent: Cool! But spying on them for no reason at all was none other than Geri McGail, and she's up to no good. Geri: I don't like this picture at all. How dare Doreen and Laurie trade me for that geek Vincent? I hate him. But Vincent, Doreen, and Laurie are having a great time with each other going all over New York City. Then suddenly, the ride was over, and the man driving the horse said this to them. The man: I sure hope you three enjoyed your sleigh ride around New York City. Doreen: We sure did, sir. Vincent: It sure was fun. Laurie: We'll have to do it again sometimes. The man: Well you three have a Merry Christmas. Okay? Doreen: We will. You too. Vincent: Doreen, that was great! We'll have to do that again sometimes. Doreen: Of course, Vincent. We might do it again sometimes. Laurie: Cool! Because I had a great time too. Doreen: Well I'm glad you guys had a great time. Now we're on our way to my family's house to meet my big family. Laurie: Well I've been to your family's house many times to see your family, Doreen. And I know them all very well. Doreen: True, but Vincent hasn't been to my family's house at all. Vincent: I hope they don't hate me just because I'm from another state. I want to be loved here in New York City. Doreen: My family will love you, Vincent. They're all friendly European folks that love and care about everybody and everything. Laurie: Trust us, Vincent. They're a non violent family. You'll like them. Doreen: Absolutely. So they all went back in Doreen's car again to head over to Doreen's family's house to meet the family. Doreen: I love the holiday seasons. Vincent: Me too, you guys. Laurie: Yep, the holiday spirits gets us in a very good mood. Doreen: Indeed it does. So how did you like the sleigh ride, Vincent? Vincent: It was great! I really liked it a lot seeing all the people, places, things, and lights. It's so beautiful. Doreen: Well I'm glad you like it. Vincent: New York City, here I'll stay! I love it! Laurie: And New York City loves you too, Vincent, just like we do. Right, Doreen? Doreen: Right, Laurie. Vincent: At first I thought I wasn't gonna have any friends when I arrived New York City, but look what I've got. Doreen: You better believe it, Vincent. You've got friends. They arrived at the house straight ahead. Doreen: Well, you guys, this is it. Here is where Doreen Blanc's great big family live on 967 East 88TH Street. They all found a parking place, they went out of the car, they walked to the house, and Doreen rang the doorbell. Then an older male's voice cried out \"Who is it?\" Doreen: It's your daughter Doreen, dad. And I brought two friends of mine with me. The door opens, and Doreen's dad Philip opens the door for them, and welcomes them in. Philip: (giving Doreen a hug.) Seasons Greetings! How's my popular daughter doing? Doreen: I'm doing really great, dad! How are you doing? Philip: I'm doing great too! Who is your new male friend? Doreen: This is my new friend from work Vincent. And you remember Laurie do you? Philip: Sure, I remember Laurie! (To Vincent.) Hi there! Seasons Greetings! Vincent: (reaching out to shake hands with Philip.) Seasons Greetings to you, sir. How are you doing? Philip: I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing? Vincent: I'm doing pretty good too. Laurie: Hello, Mr. Blanc! How are you doing? Philip: Pretty good, Laurie. And you? Seasons Greetings. Laurie: Seasons Greetings to you too, sir. Suddenly, Philip's European wife Maureen comes down to the stairs to say hello to Doreen and her buds too. Philip: And here comes my wife Maureen from down the stairs. Maureen: Well hello, Doreen dear! And hello, Laurie! Doreen: Hi ya, mom! Seasons Greetings! Laurie: Hello, Mrs. Blanc, and Seasons Greetings to you! Maureen: Seasons Greetings to the two of you as well. Doreen: Thank you, mom. This is our new friend from our job named Vincent Mole. Laurie: He's from St. Louis, Missouri now living here in New York City with us. Doreen: He moved here with his parents a couple of days ago, mom. Maureen: Well hello, Vincent. Nice to meet you. Vincent: Hi, nice to meet you too, Mrs. Blanc. Maureen: Please, just call me Maureen. Philip: And call me Phil. Vincent: Okay, Phil, and Maureen. Maureen: Here, come on in, all of you. No sense in standing out in the cold. Doreen: Sure. Vincent: Don't mind if we do. Laurie: You got it. And they all came in the house, took off their coats, and their boots, and made themselves feel right at home. Suddenly, eight of Doreen's brothers and sisters came over to the three and shouted \"Welcome home, Doreen!\" Doreen: Well thank you, you guys. Seasons Greetings to all of you. All of the brothers and sisters are named Norman, Brad, Patrick, Stephen, Doris, Cambria, Joan, and Mary. Norman is the 24 year old brother so he's the oldest. Brad is 19, Patrick is 17, and Doreen is 24 especially. Doris is 27 for she's the real oldest, Cambria is 21, Joan is 16, and Mary is 14. Mary was the first to say Seasons Greetings to her sister Doreen. Mary: Seasons Greetings to you too, Doreen. Doreen: Thank you, Mary. Stephen: Hello again, Laurie. Laurie: Well hello to you too, Stephen, and the rest of you. Everybody: Hello again, Laurie! Joan: Say Doreen, who's your guy friend here? Doreen: This is our friend Vincent. Vincent: Hi, my name is Vincent. Nice to meet all of you. Seasons Greetings. Norman: (shook hands with Vincent.) Hi, Vincent. I'm Norman. Nice to meet you. Seasons Greetings. Vincent: Hi, Norman. Brad: (shook hands with Vincent.) What's up, Vincent? I'm Brad. Vincent: Nice to meet you, Brad. Hi. Patrick: Hi, Vincent. I'm Patrick. Seasons Greetings. Vincent: Seasons Greetings to you too, Patrick. Hi. Stephen: How are you doing, Vincent? I'm Stephen. Vincent: Nice to meet you, Stephen. Hi, and Seasons Greetings. Doris: Good evening, Vincent. I'm Doris. Nice to meet you. Vincent: Hi, Doris. Nice to meet you. Seasons Greetings. Doris: Seasons Greetings to you too, Vincent. Cambria: What's up, Vincent? Cambria is my name. Vincent: Hello, Cambria. Nice to meet you. Seasons Greetings. Mary: Hey, Vincent. I'm Mary. Nice to meet you. Season Greetings. Vincent: Hi, Mary. Seasons Greetings. Nice to meet you too. Doreen: So what do you think of my family, Vincent? Vincent: (smiling.) I think I'm going to like them all. Mary: Aw, hehehehehe! Well we like you too, Vincent. Vincent: Oh, thank you, Mary. Mary: You're welcome. Doreen: Hey you guys, how about we play some video games? Everybody: Yeah! Laurie: I love video games! So they all rush over to the TV in the living room, turned it on, switched it to video games on the remote, they put on the video bowl from Nintendo Wii, and they all started playing. Cambria: I will go first, everyone. Joan: Okay, Cambria. You go first. Cambria: Thank you, Joan. And Cambria makes her way to set the bowling ball straight for the pins, aims it, she shoots, and it was seven pins she knocks down. Patrick: That was very good, Cambria. Cambria: Thanks, Patrick. But I still get a second chance. Hopefully I'll get a spare. Cambria aims at the pins again, she shoots, and she did get a spare. Everybody clapped for her. Laurie: Did you get a spare, Cambria? Cambria: Yes I did, Laurie. I've got a spare. Who's next? Vincent: (getting worried.) Is everyone looking at me? Doris: Come on, Vincent. You can do it. Vincent: I don't know, you guys. I'm not a good bowler. Norman: Oh sure you are, man. Joan: You can do it, Vincent. Mary: Vincent, it doesn't matter who wins, or loses. Doreen: It's how you play the game. Everybody: Come on, Vincent. You can score. Vincent: Okay. But just to warn all of you, I might be a little sloppy at bowling. Stephen: Hey, man, that's okay. We're all very sloppy at bowling. Nobody's perfect. So Vincent set the ball straight, aimed for the pins, shoots, and he made a strike. Everybody clapped and cheered for him. Joan: Hey, that was cool, Vincent! Doreen: Vincent, did you get a strike? Vincent: Yes, I did, Doreen. Doreen: That was awesome! Patrick: That was great bowling, Vincent! Vincent: Thank you. Thank you all. Norman: And you thought you couldn't bowl. You did alright, Vincent! Doris: That was cool, Vincent! Vincent: Thank you, Doris. Thank you all. Joan: Now it's my turn to bowl. Cambria: Go for it, Joan. Good job, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you, Cambria. Cambria: You're welcome. Vincent: I love this game. Now Joan straightens up the ball, aims it to the pins, she shoots, and knocks down five pins. Joan: Aw man, I knocked down only five pins. Brad: Well, at least it's better than no pins at all. Heheheheheheheheh! Joan: Shut up, Brad. Joan straightens up the ball again, aims it to the pins, shoots, and the ball hit two pins this time. Joan: Two pins?! That's a low blow! Mary: Well at least you've got seven points so far, Joan. Joan: Yeah, but I want to get a strike like Vincent did. Laurie: It's okay, Joan. Winning isn't anything. Joan: I guess you're right, Laurie. Who's next? Doris: I believe that I'm next. Doris straightens up the ball, aims it to the pins, she shoots, and it was a gutter ball. Doris: A gutter ball?! I can't believe it! Norman: It's okay, Doris. Doris: Thank you, Norman. Doris aims for the pins again, she shoots, and she gets a spare! Everybody: YAY, DORIS! Patrick: That was great, Doris! You've got a spare! Doris: Thank you, you guys. I thought I was gonna get another gutter again. Stephen: But you didn't. You did good. Doris: Thank you, Stephen. Doreen: Well I believe it's my turn to bowl. Brad: Well you just go right ahead, Doreen. Doreen aims for the pins, she shoots, and she gets a strike. Everybody: HORRAY! Laurie: That was magnificent, Doreen! Doreen: Why thank you, Laurie. Vincent: That was cool, Doreen! Doreen: Thank you, Vincent. Okay, who's next? Laurie: I believe I'm up next. Mary: You're on, Laurie. So Laurie aims for the pins, shoots, and she also gets a strike. Everybody: ALRIGHT! Norman: That was totally cool, Laurie! Laurie: Thank you, Norman. Doreen: Cool, Laurie! Laurie: Thank you, Doreen. Just then, Doreen's mother Maureen calls everybody for dinner. Maureen: Dinner time, Everybody! Stephen: Hey, that's mom, and I'm hungry. Joan: Me too. Let's see what's there. Doris: But first we have to turn the TV off. Brad: It's already off, Doris. I just turned it off. So everybody rushes over to the dining room table to get ready to eat. Doris: What are we having for dinner, mom and dad? Maureen: We're having turkey roast beef, dressing, mashed potatoes, macaroni, deviled eggs, cranberry sauce, spaghetti, corn, string beans, fruits, vegetables, rolls, and fruit punch. Everybody: YAY! So everybody was in their seats, and Doris said the grace. Doris: Dear Father in Heaven, we come to you today for you to bless us with the food that we're about to eat. Nurish our bodies, and give us strength everyday. We also want to thank Doreen for coming back. We also want to thank Laurie and Vincent for coming over. And we thank you for bringing everybody together to get to know one another, make new friends, and have a great time with one another. And I say these things in your precious name, and your son Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Everybody: Amen! And everybody digs in to get some food. Vincent: Mmmmmmm, the food is delicious, Maureen. Doris: Yes, it's really good stuff, mom. Doreen: Tasty, mom. Maureen: Thank you, I'm glad you guys like it. Brad: Yeah, your food is delicious. Joan: Yummy. Mary: Great stuff, mom. Maureen: Thank you. You all are the best. Philip: They're right, sweetheart. Your food is delicious. Maureen: Thank you, honey. Philip: Anytime for my wife. And Philip and Maureen giggle and kiss each other. Everybody ate up all the food, and there were no leftovers. Everybody: Your food is great, mom! Maureen: Thank you all. Doreen: You're welcome, mom. The next morning back at the Metropolitan Life Tower, Vincent had a smile on his face because he had a great time with Doreen and Laurie the other night. But suddenly, Geri McGail saw Vincent with a smile on his face, and she didn't like that on him at all. So she went up to Vincent while Vincent was busy working. Geri yanked the chair from Vincent, and Vincent fell down on his bottom. And he was really mad at Geri for what she did to him. Vincent: (angry.) What's wrong with you?! Can't you see I'm working?! What do you want?! Geri: You bonehead! You went out with Doreen the other night! Did you?! Vincent: So what! Doreen happens to be a nice, and respectful woman, unlike you! Even Laurie was nice to me too! Geri: YOU FOOL! You were supposed to be attracted to men! Not women like Doreen and Laurie, you drip! Vincent: Okay, that does it! I'm telling Mr. Waters! But just before Vincent was going to get over to tell Richard Waters, Geri grabbed him back real roughly and held his mouth real tight. Geri: Shhhhhhh! Don't do that, you dummy! Vincent: Why not?! You started it! Geri: SHUT UP, you idiot! Come with me to the girls' room! Vincent: No! I'm working! Geri: WILL YOU KNOCK IT OFF WITH THAT AND COME ON FOR GOD'S SAKE?! Vincent: LET GO OF ME! UNHAND ME I SAY! Geri: SHUT UP AND LET'S GO! Then she dragged Vincent over to the girls' room and started giving him grief by fixing his hair. Geri: I'm going to fix your hair so that you can get hooked up with Gary Dunne. Vincent: I don't want to get hooked up with Gary Dunne, nor any man! I've got a friend in Doreen Blanc! Okay?! Geri: WILL YOU STOP THAT?! You're getting fixed up with gay guys whether you like it or not! Vincent: You're insane! I'm getting out of here! Geri: (grabbed him back to the seat with her grip.) NOOOOOOOOOOO! GET BACK HERE, YOU CARTOON CHARACTER! Vincent: Who are you calling a cartoon character?! Geri: Shut up and stay over here, stupid! I'm gonna wash your hair first. And that's just exactly what she did. She washed Vincent's hair in the sink, blew dry it, and started to comb it nice and neat for Vincent to be hooked up with the gay guys. Geri: You're gonna love my guys, my friend. Vincent: Exactly what are you saying, whoever you are?! Geri: (angry.) QUIT CALLING ME NAMES, YOU MORON! MY NAME IS GERI! Vincent: I WAS JUST ASKING YOU A FREAKING QUESTION! Geri: WELL YOU DON'T HAVE TO OVERDO IT IN A VERY BAD WAY LIKE THAT, WHOEVER YOU ARE! Vincent: WELL EXCUSE ME FOR BEING HONEST WITH YOU AROUND HERE! Geri: Shut up before I clobber you one, boy! Vincent: Why are you doing these things to me, huh?! You don't even know me, and you need to get help! Geri: (angry.) SHUT UP, I said, you ogre! I'm trying to fix you up with a man, and you're not cooperating to good! Vincent: On what?! What are you- Geri: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! I'm the leader here! You just help me and hush! And Geri was done fixing him up. Then she gets her mirror to show him. Geri: There, young man, how do you look? Vincent: Like a stupid idiot! Geri: NOOOOOOOOOOOO! Oh come on, boy, get this right! Now, I will ask you again. How do you look?! Vincent: (uncomfortable.) Oh swell. Very swell. Geri: Cool. Cool. With my brains, and your homosexuality, you- Vincent: I AM NOT GAY! HOW DARE YOU! Geri: YOU DUMB CREEP, I'M NOT FINISHED YET! Vincent: Sorry! Geri: Please don't interrupt me like that ever again! Now with my brains, and your homosexuality, you will be taught everything that I know. Remember, I am your future master. Vincent: Now that's fowl right there! You get me out of here this instant! I'm working! Geri: (angry.) YOU BONEHEAD, LISTEN TO ME! WHAT ARE YOU, BLIND OR SOMETHING?! Vincent: I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT! Geri: (slapped his face real good and hard.) You don't know, PERIOD! Now LISTEN! You're gonna marry my guys. You're gonna get into the things they get into, and you're gonna stick with them like glue every time, and be happy with them! You will not be with Doreen, nor any girl anymore, not even me because I don't like you. I've got a boyfriend, and he's much more handsome than you. Vincent: You know what, Geri, you're starting to get on my nerves with your negative conquests against me! I'm out of here! Geri: NO, YOU DOPE! We're walking together! So Geri and Vincent walked out of the girls' room so that Geri can introduce Vincent to Gary Dunne. But for a long time, Vincent said nothing. Geri: (to Gary.) Hey, Gary! Are you looking for a man to marry and do? Gary: Yes, ma'am! Geri: (pointing at Vincent.) Well here's your man here. His name is Stimpy. And he loves men. Gary: Hey, that's the man I met not too long ago! I want him. Geri: Well he's yours. Go for it. Vincent: What?! Gary: Hey, baby! How are you doing, lovecup? Give me some sugar, honey bunny. Vincent: (yelling for Doreen.) DOREEN! Then suddenly, Doreen came to Vincent's rescue, saw him in trouble with Gary and Geri. Doreen: Hey! What's going on in here?! Vincent: Doreen, Gary and Geri are threatening me to do nasty stuff, and Geri just called me Stimpy, and I am very uncomfortable with that name! Geri: (to Vincent.) YOU'RE FAT! Vincent: I am not fat! Doreen: (to Geri.) Okay, Geri, this time you have gone too far with your disgusting negative conquests against Vincent, and that needs to stop right now! Geri: (angry.) No, it doesn't need to stop at all! Okay?! So just DROP IT! After all, Doreen, you betrayed me! Doreen: I did not betray you, Geri! I've got promoted! There's a difference! Gary: Hey, freak, just who do you think you're talking to like that?! He's my lover, and you can't take him away from us! Doreen: I can so if he, or any of my friends are in great danger with you two! And Geri, you owe Vincent an apology, otherwise you're fired! Is that understood?! Geri: Doreen, NO! I am not apologizing to no gay geek! He's fat, crazy, stupid, evil, a homosexual, a monster, an ogre, a dream robber, and a two timing, double crossing, future wrecking loser! So I'm not gonna do it until you clear away from that Stimpy jerk creep, and start coming back to be my friend! Doreen: Okay, Geri, YOU\"RE FIRED! Geri: Excuse me?! I don't think so! One of these days, Doreen, you'll say to yourself \"Why did I invite a geek to my friendship, hiring him, to my parents' house for dinner and stuff, and showing him around New York when I can do it all with Geri!\" What has gotton into you lately?! You've changed! I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU BOTH! Then she took off on both Doreen and Vincent. But Gary is still flirting with Vincent, giving him the eye, and making him very uncomfortable. Doreen: (to Gary.) Gary, knock it off! Leave Vincent alone! Gary: NO! Doreen: Then you're fired too! Gary: You know what, freak?! I don't care anymore! This place stinks! I'VE HAD ENOUGH! CHRISTMAS! BAH HUMBUG! And Gary let too. Then Doreen went up to see if Vincent is alright. Doreen: Vincent, are you okay? Vincent: No, I am not okay. Geri hates me. Doreen: Geri hates everybody around here, Vincent. So don't take it personal. She's just mean, that's all. She's also mean to me. That's why I fired her, so you won't have to worry about her anymore. Vincent: Good. The girl's got a problem. Doreen: Yeah, I'll say she does. Well I'll talk to you later, and don't worry so much about Geri and Gary because they're mean. Vincent: (smiling.) I won't. Thank you. Doreen: You're welcome, Vincent. I'll be back to check on you. Vincent: Okay. Well I'll see you later. Doreen: Bye. And Doreen left to check on everybody else as well. Vincent went back to work. Then the real boss Richard Waters looked around to check on everybody as well. Richard Waters: (to himself.) Well well. I believe this holiday season is going to be great in my life, and everybody's lives also. Doreen! Doreen: (ran as fast as she could.) Did you call me, sir? Mr. Waters: Yes, where's Geri and Gary? Doreen: I fired their butts because they were harassing Vincent with very bad advices. Mr. Waters: So they were harassing Vincent, eh? Doreen: Yes they were, and Geri wants me to leave Vincent for good, and go back to Geri so that Gary can have sex with Vincent, and I told them both no! Mr. Waters: Well that's good. Anybody with those sort of attitudes ought to be fired big time. Doreen: Yeah, you're telling me. I told Geri to apologize to Vincent right away after what she did to him all these times, but she won't do it. Mr. Waters: But did Vincent do something to Geri first? Doreen: No he didn't, Mr. Waters. Mm-mm. I knew that Vincent was innocent, and he would never do anything bad to Geri because Geri did it to herself. Mr. Waters: Perhaps I owe Vincent an apology myself for accusing him of killing Geri. I didn't realize that Geri hurt Vincent of his pride. Keep up the good work, Doreen. Meanwhile still outside from the building, Geri McGail and Gary Dunne are finding very bad ways to get Vincent away from Doreen. Geri: (angry.) OOH, that Stimpy thinks he's so special, but he's not! He's just a geek! I don't know why Doreen likes him in the first place! People that react that way to dorks are really stupid! Gary: Yeah, just who does that crazy woman thinks she's fooling! She's got my lover and I don't like this one bit! This is not a Christmas to be betrayed like this! This is insane! Geri: I'll say that it's insane! I've already called three more other gay guys with beards, moustaches, and hairy chests to get after Stimpy as well this year. Gary: You mean \"Manny Burke, Scott Jensen, and Benny Carter?\" Geri: Yes, I mean them. They should be coming this way real soon. Gary: I believe you spoke too soon. I think they're coming this way right now. Geri: Yes, let's wave to them. Gary: HELLO, FELLOWS! Yes, it's three other gay guys in a beat up, old green 1972 Oldsmobile, Delta 88 coming over to Geri and Gary. Their names are Manny Burke, Scott Jensen, and Benny Carter. Scott and Benny are two white gay men, and Manny is a black gay man. They all have beards, moustaches, and hairy chests. Plus, they're all dressed up in raggedy clothes on, their hairs are nappy, and they all smell so bad like skunks. They have no manners, and they're mean. They stopped their car, came out of it, closed the doors, and went up to talk to Geri and Gary. Manny: Yo, what's happening, shorty? Geri: Me and Gary have a mission for you guys. Benny: A mission, eh? Let's have the details. Geri: I've been having problems with a geek who keeps getting his hopes too high on my best friend Doreen Blanc. She keeps treating that dweeb like he's a king, or something and he's not. He's just nothing but dirt. You guys have got to put an end to this popular gal, lonely guy nonsense, and shake the geek into you and make love to him so that I can go back to my best friend Doreen again. Are you guys with us? Manny, Scott, and Benny: Oh yeah, we're with you all the way, Geri! Geri: Cool! But first I need to call my boyfriend because he's richer than Doreen, and the strongest. And Geri called her boyfriend on her celphone to tell him her story. Geri: Hello, Matthew? This is your girlfriend Geri. I need you to come down here with me and my men right away. We're near the Metropolitan Life Tower. It's on 24TH Street and Park Avenue. Do you know where it is? Cool. I'll see you then. Okay. Get here. Then she hung up the phone and waited for him with to come. Geri: Okay, you guys, listen up. My boyfriend Matthew Conniff is going to be here real soon. He's going up there to slap Doreen across the face, then beat up that geek Stimpy, throw him down to you guys. And when he does come down, grab him, and put him into your car. Okay? Scott: Okay. But Geri, what are we doing after that? Geri: We're going over to my house, silly! We're gonna first off teach him to do a bunch of nasty stuff that everybody does now, then you guys are gonna have sex with him, and make him your lover. What do you say, fellows? Gary: Oh, that sounds hot, and sexy! Scott: Yeah! When is your boyfriend coming, Geri? Geri: He should be coming now. He's already on Park Avenue. All the men: ALRIGHT! And coming from a shiny classic 1965 Pontiac GTO which is never beat up because it's as good as new, was Geri's boyfriend \"Matthew Conniff\" a big, tall, muscle body building, goateed, spikish black haired bad boy with big tattoos on both his arms, and he's smoking a cigarette. He started blasting his car radio to heavy metal, and nasty rap which of course is not clean, and he's all dressed in black leather with a black gangster hat. He stopped his car, turned off his music and the engine, got off the car, and went over to Geri, and the men. Matthew Conniff: (to Geri.) Hey, baby! How's it going, honey? Geri: Hey, baby! I'm doing fine. (They frenchkiss each other.) I knew you'd be here whenever I need you. Matthew: I'm always here for you, boo. So what's going down, sexy? Geri: I'm having problems with a geek that couldn't stay away from my best friend Doreen because he's gay! They're up there getting cute with each other right now, and I don't like this one bit! Not at all! Matthew: Which floor is that runt in?! Geri: He's up on the twelveth floor, room number 1214. Matthew: I know where that is. Let me at that dweeb! Geri: Go get him, sweetheart. Matthew: Right. And Geri and Matthew kiss each other. Then Matthew heads inside the Metropolitan Life Tower, takes the elevator up to the twelveth floor, walks over to the room 1214. He walks in without knocking, Richard Waters stops him from coming in, but Matthew refuses. Richard Waters: Excuse me, Mister, but you can't come in here! This is employees only! Matthew: (angry.) OUTTA MY WAY, JACKASS! I'm here to beat up a geek that gotten his hopes too high on my girlfriend's plans! Leslie: Say, Mr. Waters. Who is that guy that just came in? Mr. Waters: Beats me, Leslie. And I don't think this guy is friendly. Matthew: MOVE IT, I SAID! I want to kill this creep! Mr. Waters: NO! But Matthew threw Richard Watwers to the closet in the office building. Then Doreen walked up to Matthew and said this to him. Doreen: Hey, just who are you, and what are you doing here, huh?! But Matthew slapped Doreen real good and hard across the face and told her off for no reason. Matthew: THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR MESSING AROUND WITH A GAY MAN, YOU LITTLE PEST! Then Matthew walked over towards Vincent and started yelling at him. Matthew: (to Vincent.) HEY YOU, LOSER! Vincent: What do you want, sir? Doreen: (to Vincent.) Run, Vincent! This guy is psycho! Matthew grabbed Vincent by the neck and Vincent yelled at him. Vincent: LET GO OF ME, YOU MONSTER! Matthew: You've gotten my girlfriend fired from this place, and YOU'RE GONNA PAY FOR THIS, JERK! Vincent: HELP! SOMEBODY SAVE ME! But Matthew picked Vincent up from his seat, punched him in the stomach, punched him in the face, then threw Vincent out the window. Doreen: (upset.) OH NO! Then Vincent dropped down twelve feet from the building, then the gay guys caught him before he dropped down to the ground. All the men: (to Vincent.) Hey ya, sexy! Vincent: (angry.) Who are you guys?! And who was the creep that punched me?! Geri: Never mind that, you cartoon character! Vincent: Turned around.) What is the meaning of this, Geri?! You were told to leave me alone! Geri: SHUT UP! Don't you talk back to me, Stimpy! Vincent: Don't call me Stimpy! And I am not a cartoon character! Geri: I SAID SHUT UP, YOU CARTOON CHARACTER! YOU'RE GAY! You shouldn't be with any girls, especially Doreen and Laurie! And you shouldn't come to New York City with a disgusting face, and overhigh standards like that all the time! That ain't right! You're ugly and you're supposed to date men, including your mother! Vincent: I don't know what- Geri: You don't know nothing, Stimpy! USE YOUR BRAIN AND QUIT USING US! There are plenty of men out there for you with beards, moustaches, and hairy chests all over the whole wide world, and you to find one FAST! Matthew: Yeah, you creep! Gary: Shall we put him to the car now, Geri? Geri: Yes, YES, put him to the CAR for God's sake! All the gay men: ALRIGHT! And so they put Vincent to their green 1972 Oldsmobile, Delta 88. Vincent: YOU PEOPLE ARE MONSTERS! GET ME OUT OF HERE THIS INSTANT! AND GERI, YOU OWE ME A BIG FAT APOLOGY! Geri: (kicked the door real loud on Vincent.) SHUT UP, STUPID, OR I WILL SHUT IT FOR YOU! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?! All the gay men: (finally in the car.) YEAH, SEXY! Vincent: NO! And Vincent got out of the car as quickly as possible, and went back to work with Doreen and the rest of his friends that make him feel safe. Doreen: Oh Vincent, are you okay? Vincent: Boy, those psychos have no Christmas spirits in them. Geri wants me to be with the gay guys, and I'm not interested in that. Leslie: Man, those folks are just not cool. Doreen: I'll say they're not. Laurie: I think Geri's flipped. Vincent: Yeah, you're telling me, and she's got a boyfriend who happens to be a bad boy. Doreen: Well we'll keep you safe this year, Vincent, so you don't have to worry about Geri and her gang. Vincent: Thank you. Thank you all. Leslie: Any time, my man. Doreen: Well this year, a lot of good things will come your way, Vincent. Vincent: You mean, we'll do a lot of great things? Doreen: You we will. Meanwhile back outside the building, Geri started yelling at the boys for messing the job to get Vincent up. Geri: (raving mad.) YOU IDIOTS! YOU CLOWNS! WE ALMOST BROUGHT HIM HERE TO BE WITH US AND YOU LET HIM GET AWAY TO MY FRIEND DOREEN?! Matthew: But Geri, we didn't let him get away. He did that himself. Geri: But you were supposed to tie him up, Matthew! Matthew: I'm sorry, okay?! I just didn't think about the rope I still have inside my car! I forgot, okay? We'll get him. I promise, honey. Geri: Well I hope so! After all, I'm trying to get that homosexual gay monster off my back with his overhigh standards so that I can be with Doreen! Benny: Yes, Geri, you have every single right to threaten that geek, and be with Doreen for yourself. Manny: Yes, I'm for that too. Scott: Yes sirree! Gary: I'll get my lover tomorrow. Is that alright with you, Geri? Geri: Yes, that's alright. Only tomorrow! You guys promise we'll do this tomorrow! I want that geek to be with you guys! And this time, no more slipups! Gary: Yes, Ma'am! Matthew: No more slipups! Manny: Not at all. Scott: Uh-uh. Benny: No way Jose! Geri: Good. We're get him tomorrow. But make sure he's with you guys for the rest of his life! I want Doreen to look for a big, tall, muscular, handsome, smart, fast, rich, and famous man to show around New York City, to spend Christmas with, and still be with me everyday, every year, and beyond! She shouldn't be with an ugly little gay boy like Stimpy! She needs to be with the big men! Matthew: Yes, I agree. A beautiful woman and a little boy together? Not cool! Geri: Yeah, really! Meanwhile, work was over, and everybody's getting ready to go home. Doreen: So what do you have going for this weekend, Vincent? Vincent: I don't know what I'm doing this weekend, Doreen. Another guy named Tom Repka came up to both Vincent and Doreen and told them about their news stories. Tom: Hey Doreen, your story was great about the 12 year old boy who saved his dad's life! Doreen: Oh, thank you, Tom! Tom: And Vincent, that was a really excellent story about the 90 year old woman who will live for good! Vincent: Thank you, Tom! Your stories were excellent too about the Hispanic football player who's got a special kidney to play football again! Doreen: (to Tom.) Yeah! Also about a rich British family that adopted a lonely 13 year old boy to be with them! Tom: Why thank you guys! Doreen & Vincent: You're welcome! Tom: Well you two have a nice day! Doreen: You two, Tom! Vincent: Take care, Tom! And Tom left them to the elevator while Doreen and Vincent go on another elevator. Doreen: So you don't have anything going on this weekend? Vincent: Nope. Doreen: How would you like to go with me and some of my friends sledding this Saturday morning at Central Park? After that, we can go out to eat at a European restaurant, also go look around the stores to look at all the Christmas stuff. Vincent: Awesome, Doreen! I'll be glad to go with you and your friends sledding, out to eat, and look at a lot of the Christmas stuff. Doreen: Great! We'll come and get you this Saturday morning at 9:00am so that we can have some fun. Vincent: I'm with you, Doreen. Doreen: If Geri and her gang starts giving you any more problems this year, call the police. We'll have them arrested for Christmas, and the rest of their lives. Okay? Vincent: You bet I will, and they better not know where I live either! Doreen: Oh, I don't think they'll know where you live. Me, my family, and my friends will protect you from those crazies. Vincent: Thank you, Doreen. Thank you all so much. Doreen: You're welcome. Vincent: I don't know where she gets off insulting me, threatening me, and calling me Stimpy. Stimpy is the name of that cat from \"The Ren And Stimpy Show.\" What's wrong with her? She doesn't even know me yet. Doreen: Well she's psycho. She doesn't want to get to know new faces. All she wants to do is accuse them for being different, that's all. She's not a very nice woman. And I've been knowing her all my life. Me and her used to be tight for a long time. Now she thinks she's better than I am. Vincent: That's terrible! She ought to know better than that. You shouldn't do things like that to people because that's wrong. Doreen: Yes, I know, but she doesn't want to follow orders. She just wants to give them in a very bad way. Vincent: Well that's not right. I don't want her in my house for the holidays. Doreen: Me niehter. Well let's forget about Geri for now. We're gonna have a great time this Saturday. Are we? Vincent: You bet we are! We're not gonna let this thing with Geri stand in our way. Doreen: Umm-mmm. And Doreen and Vincent went to the parking lot to Doreen's car, went inside it, and were on their way. Doreen: Do you like Christmas music at all, Vincent? Vincent: I love Christmas music. Doreen: Well I've got some Christmas oldies that I've got on this CD here that we'll listen together. Vincent: Alright! Turn on the juice! And Doreen put the Christmas oldies CD inside the slot in her car, and it was Stevie Wonder's \"That's what Christmas means to me, my love.\" And they both were singing it. Doreen: Do you like this, Vincent? Vincent: I love it, Doreen! This is awesome! I'm glad I've met you, Doreen. You're a very nice, and sweet person. Doreen: I'm glad I've met you too, Vincent. You're a very sweet guy. Vincent: Thank you. Doreen: You're welcome. Vincent: So what's your favorite Christmas movie? Doreen: My favorite Christmas movie would have to be \"White Christmas.\" What's your favorite Christmas movie? Vincent: Oh, I've got four favorites. My Christmas movies would be \"Miracle On 34TH Street, The Holiday Inn, A Christmas Story, and A Nightmare Before Christmas.\" Doreen: Those are my favorite movies too! Vincent: They are? Doreen: Uh huh. I especially like \"The Grinch Movie\" as well. Vincent: Me too! Doreen: You too?! Vincent: Yes, ma'am! Doreen: Awesome! Are they any Christmas movies you don't like? Vincent: Nope, I love 'em all. Doreen: So do I. What's the coolest thing you like getting for Christmas? Vincent: A flat top computer with a blue-ray disc player, a burner, camera, and everything else that goes with it. Doreen: Like a floppy disc player? Vincent: Yes indeed. What about you, Miss Cheekbones? Doreen: Well, I've got a new iPod. Vincent: Cool! Who gave you that iPod for Christmas? Doreen: My grandfather. Who gave you the computer? Vincent: My dad. Doreen: Wow! Lucky father. Vincent: Yeah. They finally went to Vincent's house, so Doreen dropped him off again. Doreen: Well you take care, Vincent. Vincent: You too, Doreen. Doreen: Will I see you tomorrow? Vincent: Yes you will. Doreen: Well you have a good night, Vincent: Vincent: You too, Doreen. Doreen: And remember, if you ever need anything, call me. Okay? Vincent: Okay. Can I please have a hug from you? Doreen: Sure. And Doreen and Vincent gave each other a great big long cheek to cheek hug, and Vincent was on his way to the house. Doreen kept an eye on Vincent to see if he made it to the house safe and sound before Geri and her gang get any ideas about getting Vincent to the gay guys this year. Doreen: (to herself.) Whew! Thank goodness Vincent made it to the house safe and sound. Then Doreen drove away back to her big rich mansion at 7967 Park Avenue. She's got six roommates named Cindy Nantz, Ronda Lithaw, Christina Melendez, Stephanie Mazza, Judy Hand, and Katie Mendozier. Cindy is beautiful and pretty. Ronda is the same way. Christina is beautiful, pretty, attractive, sexy, and Puerto Rican with olive skin, high cheekbones, long brown hair, and a deep low voice. Stephanie is also beautiful, pretty, attractive, and sexy too with olive skin, high cheekbones, long brunette hair, also a deep low voice, and she's Italian. Judy is an all American pretty lady just like Cindy and Ronda. And Katie (which is short for Katherine) is Lithuanian, and she's beautiful, pretty, attractive, sexy, olive skinned, with high cheekbones, long red hair, and a high pitched voice. They all looked out the window and saw Doreen pull over by the garage door as she parks and stops her car there, gets out, and comes in the front door of the house. Doreen: Hello, ladies! All the ladies: Hello, Doreen! Did you have a nice day? Doreen: I sure did. What about you ladies on this cold day here in New York? Katie: My day was excellent! Judy: My day was great! Cindy: So was mine! Stephanie: My day is cool. Ronda. Same here with mine. Christina: My day is totally Buena! Doreen: Awesome! Christina: Say Doreen, I heard you found a new guy into your life. Doreen: What new guy, Christina? He's only a friend. We're just getting to know each other first. Christina: Oh, my bad. But is this guy here from the New York State? Doreen: Nope. He's from St. Louis, Missouri, and he's a real sweethearted dear. Judy: What's his name? Doreen: His name is Vincent Mole. Cindy: Vincent Mole? That's a very unusual name. Doreen: Yes. And he's gonna come sledding with us this Saturday. So I'll introduce you ladies to him. Stephanie: Alright! We would love to meet this guy Vincent a little more, if you know what I mean. Doreen: I know exactly what you mean, Stephanie. Katie: (reading the paper.) Wow, the president of the United States wants to wish everybody in America a very Merry Christmas! Judy: Really, Katie? Katie: It says so right here in this newspaper. Ronda: Tell us, Doreen, are we still going to the birthday party at the home of Farmer Grey in two weeks from now? Doreen: Yes, we still are, Ronda. It'll be on a Friday night. Ronda: Cool. Stephanie: Well I'm gonna turn on the T.V. and see what's on. And Stephanie did just that. White Christmas is on, the 1954 holiday classic starring Bing Crosby, and Danny Kaye. Stephanie: I love this movie! Cindy: What are you watching, Stephanie? Stephanie: White Christmas. It's a classic. Cindy: Here, can I join you? Stephanie: Be my guest. Cindy: Don't mind if I do. Doreen: Well I'm gonna fix dinner. Okay? All the girls: Okay. Katie: What are you going to fix for dinner, Doreen? Doreen: That I won't tell. It's a surprise, and you all are going to love it. Christina: Well don't tell us, Doreen. Surprise us. Doreen: I will. And Doreen went to the kitchen to fix dinner. Meanwhile, the other girls were in the living room watching White Christmas, and chatting for a while. Katie: Say Christina. Christina: What's up, Katie? Katie: Do you still play the timbales for your salsa band? Christina: Yes I do. Were you thinking about coming to one of our concerts sometimes? Katie: Why yes, I was. Judy: Me too, Christina. What's the name of your band again? Christina: Vista. Katie & Judy: Vista? Christina: You got it. My next concert with them won't be until New Years Eve. That's when we go live at Radio City Music Hall. Stephanie: (overheard them while watching White Christmas.) Woah! Christina, did you say \"Your next salsa concert will be in New Years Eve? Christina: Yes, Stephanie. It's gonna be at Radio City Music Hall. Stephanie: Aw, cool! Can I come to your concert too? Cindy & Ronda: Us too, Christina? Christina: Sure. I'll have tickets for all of you, and plenty of my friends also to see our show for New Years Eve. Ronda: Oh, and don't forget about Doreen. After all, she was the one who has been taking care of us so far, Christina. Christina: Oh, I won't forget about Doreen. Besides, she's our friend, our roommate, and in charge. Katie: Yes, exactly. Christina: I hope this Vincent guy Doreen talked to us about is a real sweetheart. Stephanie: Well let's hope so. Besides, we like nice guys, not bad boys. Judy: Yeah, because some of these bad boys around here in New York City are not very nice. Katie: Yeah, you're telling me, Judy. I like a sweet guy who is more of geek in a good way, don't you know. Christina: Yes, we know, Katie. You can't stand those too cool guys because they're annoying. Katie: Yes, Christina, that's right. Ronda: Tell us, Christina, how many more tickets do you have left for your show? Christina: I've got six thousand tickets to give to all of my fans, friends, family members, everybody. Believe you me, Ronda, I've got a lot to live and give. Cindy: (laughing hysterically at an old comic book.) Hahahahahahahahahahaha! Christina: What's so funny, Cindy? Cindy: Oh, I was just laughing at the one old comic book my grandmother saved for me back when I was a little kid. This is the Fibber McGee and Molly Christmas Comic Book. If you love Christmas, and if you like comedy, this is the comic book for you. And this book is sure funny. Christina: Yeah, I bet it is if you like Christmas comedies. My favorites are Laurel and Hardy in their Christmas comedy \"The March Of The Wooden Soldiers.\" Judy: My favorite is the Grinch starring Jim Carrey. Cindy: That's my favorite too, Judy. Christina: Me too. Judy: Wow, how about that! We're got a lot in common. Cindy, Christina, & Judy: Yeah! Ronda: Boy, whatever Doreen is fixing for dinner, it sure smells scrumcious. Katie: I can smell it too, and it smells delicious. Doreen: (calls the girls to the kitchen.) Time to eat, ladies! Stephanie: Yeah! Christina: Cool! Katie: Alright! Ronda: I'm hungry! Judy: I'm starving! Cindy: Me too, ladies! So the ladies rushed over to the dining room to eat dinner Doreen is fixing for the girls. Doreen: (brings the food over.) You all are gonna love what I fixed today. Stephanie: Well let's see, Doreen. She opened everything for the girls, and it was all kinds of delicious Greek food. Katie: Alright! Greek food! Stephanie: We haven't had Greek food in a long time at all, even though I'm not Greek, I'm Italian. But I love all kinds of food from all over the world. Judy: Me too, Stephanie. So I know where you're coming from. Doreen: Before we eat, ladies, we need to say our grace. Christina: Doreen, okay! Let's say grace, everybody. Doreen: I'll start. (and everybody bows their heads while Doreen says grace.) Lord, we thank thee for the many blessings you gave us. Please bless us for the food we are bound to eat to nurish our bodies, keep us all alive, happy, healthy, and well. And we thank you for bringing us all together as one big happy family where good friends together with each other. And these, and other blessings we ask in the name of the lord Jesus Christ, and for his sake, we thank thee. Amen. All the ladies: Amen. And everybody eats, drinks fruit punch, acts polite with one another, and enjoying one another's company. Judy: This food taste good, Doreen. Cindy: Yes, this is great. Stephanie: Totally cool. Christina: Awesome. Katie: Excellent. Ronda: It's extremely wonderful, Doreen. Doreen: Thank you all. I'm glad you girls like it. It was Saturday Morning, back at 812 Avenue M, at 7:00am, Vincent Mole got up from his bed, made it up went to the bathroom to take a shower. Then he dried up. Brushed his teeth, went back to his room, put on some decent clothes, went downstairs, and his mom Amy was fixing breakfast. Amy: Good morning, Vincent. Vincent: Good morning, Mom. Amy: You're up early. What's the location this time? Vincent: I'm going sledding with Doreen and her friends, then we're going out to eat, after that, we're gonna see a lot of Christmas decorations. Amy: That's wonderful, sweetheart! You sure love your friend Doreen very much. Do you? Vincent: I do. She's a real true close friend of mine right here in New York City. In fact, me and her are definitely BFFs. Along with her friends which are my friends too, and definitely not frenemies. Amy: Well that's good. Vincent: I take it you're fixing breakfast. Amy: yes, I'm fixing omletes. Do you want some on the way? Vincent: Sure. Suddenly, Vincent's dad Clerence came to the kitchen. Clerence: Hello, sweetheart. Amy: Hello, honey. (And the two kiss.) I'm fixing omletes for breakfast. Clerence: Of course. I can smell them a mile away from here. Amy: (laughing.) Oh Clerence, you're so funny. Clerence: Good morning, son. Vincent: Good morning, dad. Clerence: You look very spiffy this morning. What seems to be the location this time? Vincent: I'm going sledding with Doreen and her friends. Clerence: Wow! Another trip with Doreen, huh? Vincent: Yeah. But I haven't forgot about the the family coming over for Christmas. Amy: We know you haven't, sweetheart. That's why we all miss your brothers and sisters. Vincent: So do I. Are the omletes done yet, mom? Amy: Hang on, let me check. As Amy checks the stove to see if the omletes are done, and they are. Amy: Breakfast is ready! Clerence: Oh good. I'm starved. Vincent: Me too. Clerence and Vincent rushed over to the kitchen table to get omletes for breakfast. Vincent: Wow, these omletes look and smell delicious, mom. Amy: Why thank you, Vincent. Clerence: They sure look tasty, Amy. Amy: Thank you, Clerence. Now, who would like to say grace? Vincent: I would like to, mom. Amy: Go ahead, son. Vincent: Lord, we thank thee for today. Help give us strength and power from the food we are bound to receive. Keep us all alive, Father God, and strengthen our bodies. And these and other blessings that I ask in the name of your son and the holy spirit, we thank thee. Amen. And the family eats breakfast together. Vincent: The food is delicious, mom. Amy: Thank you, Vincent. Clerence: Yeah, this food taste scrumcious! Amy: Thank you, sweetheart. Clerence: You're welcome. They all finished their meals. Vincent went to the bathroom to brush his teeth so that he can get ready for Doreen. Then he sat down in the couch to wait for her. Suddenly, he heard a horn honking, Vincent looked out the window, it was Doreen, and all of her roommates. Vincent: Mom, dad, I'm gone! Amy: Okay, well you have a good time, son! Clerence: Have fun, Vincent! Vincent: I will! See you guys later! Then Vincent went out the door, and went to Doreen's new Toyota van with her roommates. Doreen: (smiling.) Hi, Vincent! How's life been treating you? Vincent: (smiling back.) Hi, Doreen! Just dandy! Never better like this at all! Doreen: Well that's cool. Vincent: How are you doing, Doreen? Doreen: Awesome! Here are my roommates. Vincent: (looked in back.) Hi there. Cindy: Hi, Vincent. I'm Cindy. Vincent: Hi, Cindy. Nice to meet you. Ronda: Hi, Vincent. I'm Ronda. Nice to meet you. Vincent: Hello, Ronda. Nice to meet you too. Judy: Seasons Geetings to you, Vincent. I'm Judy. Vincent: Seasons greetings to you too, Judy. Nice to meet you. Christina: Yo, what's up, Vincent? I'm Christina. Vincent: Hey, Christina. Nice to meet you. Christina: You too, man. Stephanie: Yo, how's it going, Vincent? I'm Stephanie. Nice to meet you, dude. Vincent: Hi, Stephanie. Nice to meet you as well. Stephanie: (smiling. Yeah! Katie: Hi, Vincent! How are you doing? I'm Katie. Vincent: Hi, Katie! Nice to meet you. Katie: Nice to meet you too. Merry Christmas. Vincent: Merry Christmas to you too, Katie. Merry Christmas to all you, as a matter of fact. Christina, Katie, and Stephanie slapped one of their cheekbones across their faces real good and hard and they grunted. Christina: (slapped her face.) UMM! Stephanie: (slapped her face.) UNH! Katie: (slapped her face as well.)AUH! Vincent: Ooh, I like that. Christina, Stephanie, & Katie: You like that, Vincent? Vincent: Yeah, I love it when a woman slaps herself in the face, it's sexy that way in a woman, turns me on, gets me excited, uplifting, and happy, makes me want to give this woman a great big long cheek to cheek hug on her cheek that she slapped, and never let go of her. Doreen: I slap my face a lot too. Right, Vincent? Vincent: Right you are, Doreen. Doreen: (slapped her right facecheek real hard.) UMM! Vincent: I love it, Doreen. And I want to give you girls big cheek to c heek hugs later on. Doreen: Sure. We'll give each other a cheek hug when we get to the sledding place. Christina, Stephanie, and Katie: Us too. Christina: I love hugs. Stephanie: Me too. Katie: Me three. Cindy, Judy, and Ronda: So do we. Doreen: Me too for that matter. Vincent: And especially me. Christina: Alright, Vincent. We love guys that love hugs too. Hugs are cool. So Vincent, what do you do for a living? Vincent: I work with Doreen at the Metropolitan Life Tower making newsletters. Doreen: Yeah, me and Vincent work at the same place. Vincent: We sure do, Doreen. Doreen: Yeah! Stephanie: So Vincent, do you have any hobbies? Vincent: I like to paint, write stories, read, travel, make a whole lot of new friends, like you guys of course. Christina: Aw, well we sure are glad to have you as our friend too, Vincent. Stephanie: We sure are. Katie: Likewise. Judy: So what's your favorite type of movie, Vincent? Vincent: My favorite type of movies would be \"Charlie's Angels, and Fun Size starring my favorite girl Victoria Justice.\" Christina: Hey, those are my favorite movies as well! Cindy: Are they, Christina? Christina: You bet, Cindy. I'm a tough girl just like they are. Stephanie: Me too. Vincent: I like tough girls…that are nice, sweet, and funny for me to be around with. Doreen: Here we are, you guys. Randall's Island Park. That's where all the sledders go sledding. Vincent: Yes, and I see a bunch of people sledding there right now. Katie: Absolutely. And they pull over by the parking lot, get their sleds ready, clearing out of the van, and they get ready to go sledding. Vincent: Oh wait, ladies! I still need a hug from you guys. Christina: Oh yeah, that's right. We forgot. We're sorry. So all the ladies go to hug Vincent, and he hugs them back. Vincent: I love you, ladies. All the women: We love you too, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you. Now we can go sledding. Everybody: ALRIGHT! And they all went to join everybody else going sledding. And everybody was having such a great time, little kids, teenagers, young adults, and the adults. But just then, hiding behind the trees just to make things worse for Doreen and the gang, it's none other than Geri McGail, Manny Burke, Scott Jensen, Benny Carter, and Matthew Conniff her boyfriend. Geri still hates Vincent Mole, so she and her evil friends are setting up a ridiculous, stupid plan to end Vincent's relationship with Doreen and her roomates. And that's not a good sign. Geri: (looking at Vincent strange.) I don't understand that geek Stimpy! Just look at him with my friend Doreen! He has pushed us too far with his overhigh nonsense! Scott: So what do you want us to do, Geri? Geri: (angry.) Listen to me, you dimwit! I'll tell you. Matthew: Yeah, listen to my girl Geri. She's the boss. Geri: Thank you, Matt. Now here's my plan. We're going over to that creep Stimpy once he starts sledding with my girlfriend Doreen. I'm gonna take his sled away from him to make him fall. And when I do, you guys grab him. Catch my drift? Manny: Yes, ma'am! Scott: Oh yeah! Benny: I see where you're coming from! Matthew: You're the brains, Geri! Geri: You better believe I'm the brains. I'm special, perfect, great, glamourous, sexy, and very cool. That creep Stimpy isn't any of it, and he's gotta go. Mathew: I'll say he's not special. Benny: I'm for that also. Manny: He's a creep! Scott: He's nowhere! Geri: Well what are you morons waiting for?! GET TO WORK! Everybody: ALRIGHT! And they all went sledding with everybody else just to get Vincent away from Doreen and her friends. Matthew: There's that creep Stimpy now. Geri, you take the floor to that geek. Geri: You got it, my dear. And Geri caught up to Vincent's sled while Vincent was minding his own business sledding. Then Geri yanked Vincent's sled, and made him fall in the snow, and Geri started raving at him. Geri: (to Vincent.) YOU MONSTER! BEAT IT! Vincent: (angry.) What the heck is the matter with you, Geri McGail?! And GIVE ME BACK MY SLED! Geri: SHUT UP! I don't get it, Stimpy! Didn't I tell you never to go anywhere near my friend Doreen, and any of her friends, HUH?! Vincent: Could you listen to yourself, huh, Geri?! Huh?! Could you listen to yourself?! You are sounding very stupid! You have no brains of any- Matthew: (grabs Vincent by the back of his coat.) HEY, GEEK! You don't ever talk to my girlfriend Geri that way! She's the boss, and she's got a lot of brains better than you'll ever have, you dork! It's you who doesn't have any brains at all! YOU! Vincent: Hey, you don't even know me, you mean bully! NOW LET ME GO! DO YOU HEAR ME?! But Matthew punched Vincent's face, got him flying over to a beautiful 27 year old sexy British woman belle on her sled, and they both fell on each other on the snow. And the British woman got mad at Vincent saying it's his fault. The British Woman: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! WHY YOU BLOOD SUCKING OGRE DORK! WHAT IN BLOODY BLAZERS DO YOU GO ABOUT KNOCKING ME OVER LIKE THAT, HUH?! Vincent: I didn't do it, ma'am. Some guy punched me in the face and made me do that. The British Woman: DON'T DANCE WITH ME LIKE THAT, YOU SICK TWISTED, DREAM ROBBING, EVIL GEEK! YOU DID THIS ON PURPOSE! (And she hit Vincent several times with her cane chasing him up the hill.) TAKE THAT! AND THAT! AND THAT! AND THAT TOO, YOU LITTLE BUGAR! Vincent: OW! OW! LADY, PLEASE! OW! COME ON, WILL YA?! OW! IT WAS JUST AN ACCIDENT! OW! The British Woman: It wasn't an accident, creep! It was a VERY SELFISH CARTOON CRIME WHICH COULD GET YOU IN TROUBLE ANYTIME! Then a leg hiding from a tree tripped Vincent, and made him fall again while he was running away from that violent British lady. It was the leg of Benny Carter that did it. Benny grabbed Vincent by the back of his coat in full force, and started kissing Vincent between the lips. Vincent didn't like that kiss from him. Vincent: LOOK, ARE YOU HIGH OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT?! WHERE DO YOU COME OFF RAPING ME LIKE THAT?! WHO ARE YOU, HUH?! Benny: (smiling evilly.) I'm your lover, Stimpy. Would you like to go out on a date with me, babycakes? Vincent: (angry.) NO! AND JUST WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE CALLING STIMPY AND BABYCAKES?! YOU MAN EATING SHARK! Benny: (laughing like a dumb idiot.) Hahahahahahahahahahaha! You crack me up, honey. Do it again. It's sexy. Vincent: DOREEN! Then Doreen saw Vincent in trouble with Benny Carter flirting with Vincent in a seriously bay way. She went up to save his life. But before Doreen did so, Geri grabbed Doreen by her coat in full force, and started screaming at Doreen. Geri: WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?! WHAT'S THE PROBLEM, HUH, TRATOR?! Doreen: Geri, let go of me! Just what exactly do you want with me and Vincent?! Geri: First off, I want that Stimpy geek to be with the gay men, and I WANT YOU TO BE MY BEST FRIEND, NOT HIS! Doreen: Who are you calling Stimpy?! And where do you come off telling me to be your best friend, and not his?! You're insane! Geri: No, you're insane making friends with losers like Stimpy! Doreen: You don't even know him- Geri: I DO TOO KNOW HIM! HE'S GAY! The Doreen slapped Geri real good and hard across the face, then Geri slapped her right back. Doreen: WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?! Geri: SHUT UP! You will not go anywhere near that loser EVER AGAIN! You and I are supposed to be best friends! We worked at Metropolitan Life Tower together! We started the business together! So we should stay together! Doreen: What forever are you talking about?! Vincent: (still being grabbed by the gaymen.) DOREEN, HELP ME! Doreen: (to Geri.) Now look what you've done! That's no way to show any Christmas spirit by having things your way, being selfish, and crossing lonely guys and their friends with filthy grief! That's no way to share the holidays! Geri: LOOK, I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE SHITTY HOLIDAYS BECAUSE THEY SUCK! I want a strong, rich, big man to share the holidays with, not some bad little boy like Stimpy! Doreen: You're impossible, Geri! We need you to stay away from us from now on! Geri: Excuse me?! I don't think so, my dear! I've got Stimpy with the gay men to have sex with. Look over there. Doreen looked and saw Vincent in trouble with the gay guys. Doreen: VINCENT! Doreen ran over there to help Vincent out of that jam, but Matthew Conniff grabbed a small gun, fired at Doreen to stop her in her tracks. Matthew: (to Doreen.) HOLD IT RIGHT THERE, MISS CRAZY PERSON WITH THE CHEEKBONES! Then Matthew moved forward at Doreen with his gun pointed at her head. Matthew: (to Doreen.) You're not going anywhere near that geek! My girlfriend is right! She wants you to stay with her with the popular people, including your stupid roommates! You ladies are gonna get to know the perfect people. (To Geri.) Right, honey? Geri: (to Matthew.) Right, sweetheart. And they kiss each other. Doreen: You guys are monsters! Matthew: SHUT UP, FREAK! I don't want to hear your stupid face! (To the men.) Well, what are you yahoos waiting for?! PUT HIM IN THE CAR, YOU MORONS! Vincent: LEAVE ME ALONE! But the men put Vincent in that green 1972 Oldsmobile, Delta 88. They threw him in the car, went in the car themselves, closed the doors, locked them, and then drove out of sight. Geri: (to the men while they drove off.) Hey, make sure you guys come over my house after you had sex with Stimpy! We've got a Christmas batch at my place! Okay? Matthew: How did I do, sweety? Geri: You did great, dear. Now we both can go over to my house and plan our party quickly before our friends come over. Matthew: Oh yeah! I love Christmas already. Geri: Let's go. Matthew: Sweet. And they both went inside Geri's 2011 ½ Chevrolet, Impala LS, and drove away to Geri's house. Doreen went to her roommates for help. Doreen: hey ladies, come here for a moment! Her roommates came when Doreen called them. Katie: What's going on, Doreen? Doreen: We've got a major crisis in our hands. Judy: Like what? Doreen: Vincent Mole has just been kidnapped by Geri McGail and her mean and nasty gay guards. Stephanie: Who's Geri McGail? Doreen: Well, she used to be a friend of mine until I found out that she doesn't like lonely men like Vincent. So she became a fallen angel. Christina: Man, that's sad. If I met this stuck up snob Geri, I would most definitely give her a piece of my mind! Doreen: That's why we're going over to pay a visit to Geri McGail. I know where she lives, so I'll show you where her house is. Ronda: Well, Doreen, lead us the way. Doreen: You got it. Meanwhile, Geri lives in a big rich mansion with her boyfriend Matthew at 3125 10TH Avenue near 23RD Street. They've got Vincent tied up in a chair in the living room. Geri and her gang including Gary Dunne were up to no good. Gary: (to Vincent.) Hey, baby. Are you ready to make love to me, and marry me to be your hubby for the rest of your life? I want you, honey, because I love you. Vincent: (to Gary.) Well I sure as heck don't love you, nor the rest of those creeps! Just you jerks wait until Doreen Blanc hears about this! Geri: (whacked Vincent in the back of his head.) KNOCK IT OFF, STIMPY! Doreen Blanc is my buddy, not yours! Besides, you're just a homosexual gay monster, and you don't deserve to be with any girl, not even Doreen! The gay men love you. The women don't. You're only a loser. In other words, you're a bad boy! Vincent: I am not! Geri: YES YOU ARE! Vincent: LOOK, YOU DON'T KNOW A THING ABOUT ME, SNOB! Geri: WILL YOU QUIT GETTING YOUR HOPES TOO HIGH ON MY KNOWLEDGE, YOU BOOB! Vincent: STOP THIS! TURN ME LOOSE! DO YOU HEAR ME?! OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE! Geri got mad. Went up to Vincent, and punched him across the face, then raved at him. Geri: (angry.) KNOCK IT OFF! KNOCK IT OFF! My friends are gonna come over this party, and they want to see men have sex with you, YOU NUMBSKULL! YOUR HEAD IS AS THICK AS PEANUT BUTTER FOR GETTING YOUR STANDARDS TOO HIGH LIKE THAT, AND THAT NEEDS TO STOP! DO YOU HEAR ME?! NO MORE! And she slapped him real good and hard across the face! Vincent: UNH! And geri walked away from him, then the gay guys took over. Gary: I love it when you get slapped real hard across the face by people. It turns me on, and it gets me excited! It makes me want you, baby. Vincent: Gary, buzz off! And you guys too! All the gay men: NO, WE'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE! Meanwhile, Geri is with her boyfriend Matthew. Geri: This party is gonna be good. We're all gonna get wasted,and get stoned, honey. Matthew: Yeah, there's lots of booze, beer, drugs, pot, guts, and sex. This is gonna be a rockin' rappin' good time! Geri: you bet, sweetheart. After all, there's no such thing as nobody's perfect because everybody's perfect. Matthew: Of course. This is when we party like the stars because we are superstars. Geri: Yes we are. And we help other superstars, and condemned the losers. And Stimpy is a loser. That's why a lot of men want to have sex with him. While we pretty girls stick with the winners, and Matthew, you're a winner. Matthew: Thank you. So are you, my sweet. Geri: (laughing.) Thank you, baby. And we don't celebrate Christmas at all. We celebrate Halloween. The losers celebrate Christmas because they're stupid! And they don't know that Halloween is the real holiday season to celebrate this year. Matthew: Yeah, you're telling me! I hate Christmas! Meanwhile, Doreen and her roomates went over to Geri's house too. They parked on the right side of the road to rescue Vincent from the wrong crowd. Doreen: This is it, ladies. Katie: What does Geri want with Vincent anyway, Doreen? Doreen: They're trying to harm him in all sorts of bad ways so that the men can have sex with him just so that Geri can get after me. Christina: That's stupid. Doreen: I'll say it is. Geri wants me to be her best friend again, and not Vincent's. Judy: What a snob. If I met that girl Geri, I'd slap her real good and hard across the face. Stephanie: Yes, I'm with you on that, Judith. Cindy: Geri and her boyfriend do need counseling for this matter. Ronda: I hate her already, Doreen. How are we going to rescue Vincent away from her? Do you have any plans? Doreen: You bet I have a plan here. Everybody gather around. Now here's my plan. Meanwhile back at Geri's house, Geri and Matthew were still talking. Geri: And honey, only the perfect people touch us, the geeks don't. Matthew: Yes, baby. And when our guests get here, we're gonna party like crazy big time! Geri: Ooh, I love it, pumpkin! Matthew: I love it too, dearest! We're gonna boldly go where no man or woman has ever gone before! Geri: You bet, superstar! We perfect people have more fun than anybody! I'm glad you've plan this party for all of us. Matthew: Anything to be a hero, sugar. That's why you're cool and I'm hot. Geri: And I'm glad I choosed you because you're a sweetheart. You do everything for me a lot. That's why I love you. Matthew: I know. And money buys friends. Geri: Yes it does, sweety. Why don't we kiss and hug for it before our guests come in? Matthew: You got it, beautiful. Suddenly, they heard a doorbell ring. Geri: Hold on a second, honey. That must be all of our friends coming. Matthew: Okay, babycakes. Geri opened the door to see who it is. It wasn't any of Geri's friends. It was Doreen Blanc and her roomates. Geri got real mad at Doreen and her friends for coming to her house uninvited. Geri: You have no right coming in here, Doreen! You girls weren't even invited to this party! Get out of here, all of you! Doreen: Never mind that, Geri! What have you done with Vincent?! And don't give us that Stimpy routine like you did last time! You know his name is not Stimpy! Geri: What part of \"I don't like the name Vincent Mole\" don't you understand?! WHAT PART HAVE YOU MISSED, GODDAMMIT?! Christina: Look, you stuck up I'm better than you are diva! Give me one good reason why we shouldn't cast you to sides for what you did to our friend Vincent! Doreen: (to Christina.) Christina, let me handle this shit! (Now to Geri.) Look, Geri, you turn Vincent loose right away whether you like his name or not! Geri: Look, I don't know why you guys want to ruin my party for my friends when they get here! You guys better clear out of here while you can! Plus, I would advise you yahoos to start being more respectful to the future people, and leave those gay men alone! Doreen: Geri, stop it! Stimpy….uh, I mean Vincent is not gay, and we want you to untie him this instant! Do I make myself clear?! Geri: NO, I WON'T DO IT! YOU LEAVE HIM BE, YOU DUMB DARLA! You see, I keep forgetting how stupid you all are rescuing a dweeb from the gay men! All dorks need to marry gay guys and have sex with them! One time, I caught him praying the wrong prayers at that ignorant church downtown which got my goat, he stolen all of my plans that I've got with his over high standards, and I didn't appreciate that at all because it was all disgusting! That's why I rebuked him because he's bad! Doreen: Geri, you are such an irrational snotty witch! You need to get your life together! You don't need to be acting like some young teenager against lonely men like Vincent! Geri: THIS IS MY HOUSEHOLD AND I'LL ACT WHAT I LIKE! (grunting her teeth.) You don't ever change me like that! Suddenly, they heard the doorbell ring again. Geri went over to the door, told Doreen to MOVE, opened the door, and all of Geri's friends came all dressed like celebrities. Geri: Well hello, my friends! Come on in! A man: What's up, Geri? Happy Halloween! Geri: Happy Halloween to you too, Scott! A beautiful woman: Hey, Geri! Geri: What's going on, Tiffany?! Three jockey guys: How's it going, Geri?! Geri: Pretty good, fellows! I'm glad you came! Doreen: Geri, your friends around here suck! Another hot guy: (looking at Doreen and her room mates strange.) Geri, who are these female yahoos here?! Another girl: Yeah, they don't belong here! Get 'em out of here, would ya?! Everybody: YEAH! Doreen: We're not leaving until Vincent comes with us! Stephanie: You heard her right, bitch! Geri: Look, if you freaks don't clear outta my house this very instant, then we're gonna fight! Do you hear me?! Doreen: Oh, you want to fight about it, Geri?! Geri: Yeah! Another man with a goatee: Do you want us to fight those female clucks for you, Geri? Geri: YES, LET'S DO IT NOW! Christina: AAAAAARRRGGGHH! Geri: AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! And they all started fighting each other, getting physical with one another, kicking, punching, slapping, using martial arts, such as karate, ninja, judo, and kickboxing as well. Throwing chairs, and knocking stuff down in the house. Geri: Some friend you turned out to be, Doreen! Doreen: You are not to be trusted, plus, you're never liked, and you're never loved! Then Geri slapped Doreen real good and hard across the face. Doreen grunted \"UMM,\" and she punched Geri across the face having her flying sky high to a table with whiskey and wine. Meanwhile, Vincent tried to free himself from those ropes by cutting them from the wood of the chair. Vincent: Man, what a stupid party! Where's Doreen? He broke free from the ropes looking for Doreen and her friends. Vincent: HELP ME, DOREEN! Matthew: (grabbed Vincent by the neck.) Oh no you don't! Vincent: LET GO OF ME, YOU IRRITATING PUNK! HELP, DOREEN! Christina: Hey, that sounds like Vincent! And he needs help! Hang on, Vincent! Another pretty woman with red hair grabs Christina before she rescues Vincent. The girl with the red hair: Going somewhere, you Hispanic slut?! And Christina punched the red haired woman across the face, and the red haired woman flew straight towards Geri's china. Meanwhile, Katie was having problems with a man so handsome, but evil. He started getting stupid and fresh with Katie, and she didn't like any of it! The man: (to Katie.) How would you like to be my baby, baby? I want us to make love all night and day all the time! Katie: What's wrong with you, you ass?! And Katie kicked the man in the gut, crushed his face, and kicked him sky high to a window. But meanwhile, Vincent was having trouble with Matthew and Geri. Geri: (to Vincent.) Why do you keep going to women all the time when YOU KNOW THAT YOU'RE GAY?! Matthew: Yeah, little boy! You were supposed to marry a man, not a woman! You're not good enough, boy! WE ARE! Vincent: DON'T CALL ME BOY! Geri: BOY, QUIT IT BEFORE WE CASTSIZE YOU! You took my plans away from me, Stimpy, and YOU NEED TO GIVE THEM BACK! YOU'RE A DELINQUENT! USE YOUR BRAIN! QUIT GETTING YOUR HOPES TOO HIGH BEFORE ACCIDENTS HAPPEN, AND IT WOULD BE YOUR OWN FAULT, BOY! Matthew: You heard her, boy! SHE SAID GIVE US BACK OUR PLANS BEFORE YOU GET AN ASS WHOOPING! Vincent: SOMEBODY HELP ME! Doreen and the rest of the girls went straight to Geri and Matthew because they've got Vincent. Geri and Matthew threatened the girls telling them to stay back. Geri: Okay, you Goddamn nice girls, stay back! Do you hear me?! Doreen: Stay back?! Cindy: What for?! Katie: You don't have a weapon! Matthew: (using a gun on Vincent's head. ) No, but I do! (The girls turned around.) Tell me, ladies, how do you like your BFF carved, light or dark meat if you all don't clear out of this place NOW so that we can continue with our party?! Vincent: Ladies, help me please! Geri & Matthew: (to Vincent.) YOU SHUT UP, STUPID! Doreen: You two let Vincent go this very instant! Do you both understand that?! You guys are nothing but IRRATIONAL ….ING MONSTEROUS BIG SHOTS! Geri: Well look who's talking, Miss Famous and Popular with the damn high cheekbones! Doreen: I am not like you, Geri! You're rotton and evil! (To Matthew.) And you, you sick twisted miserable bastard! Do you share your girlfriend's attitude all the time?! Matthew: Hey, I love it, Baby! It's sexy! Stephanie: (to Matthew.) You're a pig! That's what you are! You're a stupid fresh pig! Matthew: Oh I love it when a woman talks dirty to me. It turns me on. Right, Geri? Geri: Right you are, sugarplum. Ronda: Listen, both of you! This has got to stop! Another man: Geri, get those losers out of here! They're distracting this party, and we want to have some fun around here! Geri: Okay, you bitches heard my friends! Get out of here right now! Did you hear what I just said?! GET OUT! Matthew: Unless you ugly moomoos want him to get a bullet through his head starting now! Geri: We're not kidding! Doreen: Do you think that is supposed to scare us, plus none of us girls are ugly! Who else is gonna throw us out?! A big guy named Bruno with a bald head, and an earing on his left ear grabbed the girls quickly by picking them up and saying \"I will!\" And the girls started screaming \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!\" And Bruno threw the girls outside the door. Bruno: AND STAY OUT! After the girls got thrown out by Bruno, the girls have another idea up their brains. Doreen: Say ladies, gather around. All the ladies: Sure, Doreen. Doreen: We can't just let those creeps mess around with Vincent in a very bad way like this. Christina: Mm-mmm, of course not. We've got to go back and rescue him. Ronda: But we can't go back in that house. That big guy threw us out. Remember? Katie: Yeah, and he's a real mean one. Judy: So what are we gonna do, Doreen? Doreen: I've got an idea. All the girls: What? Doreen: Gather around and I'll tell you. Now here's our secret. And Doreen started telling them what they're going to do next. Stephanie: Hey, now that's another great idea, and it just might work this time. Meanwhile back in Geri's place…. Geri: (to Vincent.) STIMPY, DON'T YOU EVER COME TO NEW YORK WITH YOUR OVERHIGH STANDARDS EVER AGAIN! DO YOU HEAR ME?! YOU'RE TOO STUPID, TOO GAY, AND TOO DISGUSTING! YOU HAD MY BEST FRIEND DOREEN TURN AGAINST ME AND I DIDN'T APPRECIATE THAT AT ALL! WHAT PART OF \"YOU DON'T FIT IN WITH ANYBODY\" DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?! WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO TO EVERYBODY, GET US ALL KILLED, YOU OGRE?! Matthew: Yeah, you realize that you almost messed up our party, you creep! Vincent: I don't know what you guys are talking about! Geri: (tweaked Vincent's nose.) Stimpy, if we have to tell you to stay away from Doreen, and everybody else, I'M GONNA FEED YOU TO THE SHARKS! IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?! Vincent: NO! Geri & Matthew: YES! Geri: You were supposed to be with the men, and marrying a man, not a woman! That's Matthew's job! You're a monster! Vincent: Get away from me, both of you! Another man with a beard and a moustache: Can we have sex with him now, Geri? Geri: Lenny, not now. (to Vincent.) See, stupid! Some man wants to marry you and have sex with you! Why haven't you thought about men, instead of women all the time, HUH?! Vincent: You guys are not making any kind of sense! GET ME OUT OF HERE! Geri: SHUT UP, DUMMY! I'm telling you for the very last time that this is the END OF THE LINE! NO MORE! Go to the men! Don't ever go to any woman, not even Doreen because that's my best friend, not yours! CAPEASHE?! STAY AWAY FROM HER FROM NOW ON! Suddenly, they heard the doorbell ring again. Geri: (frustrated.) I'll get it! No goofy stuff, Stimpy! Geri rushes over to the door to see who it is. She opens the door, and it was Doreen and the girls in disguises as gay men with beards and moustaches. Geri: Who the hell may I ask are you dudes?! Doreen: (in a man's voice.) We're a couple of gay guys that want to have sex with that geek, and join your party. Geri: And just what are your names? Doreen: (in a man's voice.) We're not telling you our names because we don't know. We just want to marry that dweeb for the party. Geri: Well come on in! The party is just getting started. Everybody: YEAH! And somebody turned on Katy Perry in her song \"Teenage Dream,\" and they all started dancing up a storm in the house. Geri is dancing with Matthew. Geri: I'm glad that the perfect people are superstars, and not the gay geeks. Aren't you, Matt honey? Matthew: (showing one of his muscles.) Well feel these muscles, sweetheart. Geri: (felt his right muscle in his arm.) Cool! I like that! That's makes you very special, Matthew. Matthew: I know, because I'm smart, and handsome, and wonderful. Geri: Heheheheheheheheh! I've got to hand it to you, Matthew, you sure know how to impress the women because you're the greatest. Matthew: That's how I make new friends by proving to them how good I am, especially you, dear. Suddenly, Gary Dunne is making his way towards Vincent. Gary: Hey, baby! Remember me? Vincent: No! Get out of here! Gary: Would you like to have sex with me this year? Vincent: NO! And I said BEAT IT! Gary: Ooh, you look sexy when you're angry. That makes me want your body even more, starting now! But just before Gary rushes to have sex with Vincent all tied up, Doreen and the girls in their disguises as men grabbed Gary by the back of his shirt and said this to him. Doreen: (to Gary in a man's voice.) Hey, jerk, this is our territory! We're gonna have sex with him! Now you heard what he said! BEAT IT! And Doreen threw Gary to a wall. Vincent was upset about who they are at first. Vincent: Now hold on a minute! Just who are you men anyway?! More guys wanting to have sex with me?! Doreen: (back in her normal voice.) Relax, Vincent, it's me Doreen and the rest of the girls. And we're here to get you out of here. The girls take off their disguises. Vincent: It is you girls! Boy, am I glad to see you all. Christina: You too, man! Vincent: Geri's trying to hook me up with a bunch of stupid gay guys, including Gary Dunne. She's mean, I tell you. Doreen: Well she's a smartmouth, stupid ass, stuck up witch. Stephanie: People like her that give people like us a real bad name. Vincent: I can't believe her. Why does she hate me so much? Doreen: She hates everybody, Vincent. She even hates me. Finally, the girls got Vincent out of those ropes, and out of that nasty party. Gary Dunne spotted the girls taking Vincent away. Gary: Hey, wait a minute! They're not men! They're them girls! Wait until Geri and the gang hears this! So Gary rushed straight over to Geri and her friends to tell them all the news. Gary: Hey everybody, listen up! A man: What's happening, Gary? Geri: Yeah, what's going on? Gary: Our lover Stimpy has just took off with those girls dressed up as gay men, and they're not really men at all, it was Doreen and her roomates again! Matthew: What?! That dumb idiot! Geri: Those dirty crooks! How dare they take Stimpy away from the men! Everybody: YEAH! Geri: That's the last straw! Everybody, we're going out to search for those girls, and the men's lover Stimpy! And we need to find them right away or we won't have no party! Benny: I'm ready to get our lover back this year! Geri: You said a mouthful, Benny! WE GO NOW! Everybody: YEAH, LET'S GO GET 'EM ALL! So everybody runs out of the house, hop in their cars, and looked all over New York for Vincent and the girls. Meanwhile, Doreen showed Vincent all the Christmas declorations around the city along with the other girls. Vincent: Wow! The declerations look very swell this year. Doreen: Yeah. They sure look and pretty. Vincent: Just like you, Doreen. Doreen: (laughs.) Aw, why thank you, Vincent. Cindy: I love it all too. Doreen: Say, would you guys like to go over to my house for a bit and play a game of Uno before we go over to the home of Farmer Gray for the Christmas party tonight? Vincent: That would be excellent! Ronda: That would be great! Christina: Cool! Stephanie: Rock 'n' roll! Katie: Awesome! Judy: I think that would be very nice. Doreen: Then let's do it since we still have time. Meanwhile back out on the roads…. Geri: Search everywhere for them! They've got the gay guy! Manny: I see them, boss! Geri: Where, Manny?! Manny: They're going back to that stupid penthouse over there! Geri: That's Doreen's house! Scott: Should we follow them, Geri? Geri: YES, YOU BOOB! FOLLOW THEM! Vincent: (looking behind him.) Doreen, we've got people pursuing us. Doreen: WHAT?! It's Geri! Cindy: Looks like there's no time for a game of UNO now! Doreen: Full speed ahead! We're on our way to the home of Farmer Gray right now! Geri: GET 'EM! Stephanie: Ooh, how I hate Geri! They all went out from the city to the country of the state of New York to Syosset, where the farmyard of Farmer Gray lives with his family in a big huge farm. Katie: Did we lose Geri, Doreen? Doreen: Yeah, I believe we lost them. Ronda: Good. Doreen: Let's find a parking place and head over there. Everybody: YEAH! Doreen found a parking place on the country curb, they went out, and they walked over to Farmer Gray's house. Doreen knocked on the door, a little boy looked out the window and said \"Dad, it's Doreen Blanc and her friends!\" Stephanie: Say, Doreen, is that little Jimmy? Doreen: Yes it is. That means everybody's there in the house, and Farmer Gray himself. So a man with a moustache came to the door, and that's Farmer Gray. So he opened the door, and let Doreen and her friends in. Farmer Gray: Well hello, Doreen. Merry Christmas. Farmer Gray's wife came to the front also. And her name is Ingrid. Ingrid: Henry, who's that at the door? Farmer Gray: It's Doreen and the gang. Ingrid: Well hello, Doreen and friends. Do come in. Merry Christmas. Doreen: Merry Christmas to you too, Ingrid and Henry. All the other girls: Merry Christmas, Farmer Henry Gray, and Ingrid. Vincent: Merry Christmas. My name is Vincent. I'm new here in New York. Farmer Gray: Well welcome aboard, Vincent, and a Merry Christmas to you. I'm Farmer Henry gray, and this is my wife Ingrid. Ingrid: Seasons Greetings, Vincent. Welcome. Vincent: Thank you. Doreen: Are the kids here with you guys too, Henry? Farmer Gray: Indeed they are. They're in the room playing. And they were five kids, three boys and two girls named Robert, Elmer, Jimmy, Karina, and Cheryl. Robert is eleven years old, Elmer is nine years old, Jimmy is six years old, Karina is seven years old, and Cheryl is four years old. So Doreen and the gang said hello to them. Doreen: Hello, kids! The kids: Hello, Doreen! Merry Christmas! Doreen: Merry Christmas to all of you! The other girls: Merry Christmas, kids! The kids: Merry Christmas, Cindy, Ronda, Judy, Christina, Stephanie, and Katie! And the kids all rushed over to give the ladies hugs and kisses, and the ladies hugged and kissed them right back. Jimmy: Hey, who's the dude with you ladies? Doreen: Kids, meet our new friend from St. Louis. Vincent Mole. Vincent: (smiling.) Merry Christmas, kids! The kids: Merry Christmas to you too, Vincent! Vincent: I'm new here in New York. My family and I moved here from St. Louis, Missouri. Robert: Well welcome, Vincent. Vincent: Thank you. And what are your names? Robert: I'm Robert. Elmer: I'm Elmer. Jimmy: I'm Jimmy. Karina: I'm Karina. Cheryl: And I'm Cheryl. Vincent: And once again I'm Vincent. Nice to meet all of you. The kids: You too! Stephanie: Say, do you kids want to sing some Christmas songs with us? The kids: YEAH! Doreen: What kind of Christmas song would you kids like to sing first? Jimmy: How about \"Deck The Halls.\" Cheryl: No. I like \"Jingle Bells.\" Elmer: No way. Let's sing \"Frosty The Snowman.\" Doreen: Frosty the snowman it is. The kids: YEAH! Doreen: Let's everybody sing together! Ready?! One two three four! Everybody: Frosty the snowman was a jolly happy soul. With a corncop pipe and a button nose and Two eyes made out of coal. Frosty the snowman was a fairy tale they say. He was made of snow, but the children know How he came to life that day. There must have been some magic in that old suit hat they found. But when they placed it on his head, he began to dance around. Oh, Frosty the snowman was alive as he could be. And the children say he can laugh and play Just the same as you and me. Doreen: Great singing, everybody! Let's sing some more! Everybody: Okay! Frosty the snowman knew the sun was hot that day. So he said \"Let's run and we'll have some fun now before I melt away.\" Down to the village with a broomstick in his hand. Running here and there all around the square saying \"Catch me if you can.\" He led them down the streets of town right to a traffic cop. But he only paused a moment when he heard him holler \"STOP!\" Frosty the snowman had to hurry on his way. So he waved goodbye saying \"Please don't cry. I'll be back again someday. Thumpity thump thump thumpiy thump thump. Look at Frosty go. Thumpity thump thump thumpity thump thump. Over the hills of snow. Thumpity thump thump thumpity thump thump. Alive as he can be. Thumpity thump thump thumpity thump thump. Happy and gay is he. YEAH! Doreen: Great singing, kids! Give yourselves a great big hand! And they did. The kids: YAY! Ingrid: Dinner's ready, everybody! Everybody: YEAH! And they all rushed to the kitchen to the dinner table to get ready to eat. Vincent: Wow, I'm hungry. Stephanie: Me too, Vincent. I'm starving. Doreen: I'm ready to eat big time. Ingrid and Farmer Gray brought in the food. It was like a real Thanksgiving dish. There was turkey, dressing, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, spinach, green beans, fruits, vegetables, potato salad, cranberry sauce, deviled eggs, pumpkin pie for dessert, and the coffee for the adults. It was a whole feast of food. Jimmy: Mmmmmmmmmm. I love all of this food. Elmer: Me too, Jimmy. I'm so hungry I could eat a whole turkey. Farmer Gray: Okay, everybody, we're all ready to eat. Doreen, will you say the grace? Doreen: Sure. Father in Heaven, we thank you for bringing us all together again, and we thank you for everything else that you've done for us. Now we pray for the food that we are about to eat. Please give us strength and power from the food that we're going to eat, and to nurish our bodies from the food to keep us alive, happy, healthy, and well. Thank you for bringing us together, and we hope our friendship would last a long long time. So please help us with that. And these and other blessings that we ask in the name of the lord Jesus Christ and for his sake. We thank you. Amen. Everybody: AMEN! And they all get a lot of the food being polite with each other, and starting over to eat it. But little do they know that founding them all the way out to the country at the home of Farmer Gray, family, and friends was none other than that nasty Geri McGail and their other nasty, and evil friends. They all finally found Doreen and her friends, and followed their tracks. Geri: We've got them, everyone. They're having dinner with a farmer family. Matthew: Well, what are we going to do now?! Geri: Shhhhhhh! Not so loud, Matthew sweety. Matthew: Sorry, honey. Geri: Alright. Here's what we'll do. We're gonna sneak up to the house quietly, and just before they pass around the coffee and the pumpkin pie, we'll get them. Gary: And we're gonna get my lover too, right, Geri? Geri: Indeed, Gary, because he has no right being with people! He's not good enough! He's gay! Benny: Yes, we men want his body. Another girl: But we women don't. Manny: Hey Geri, I think they're done with dinner. Scott: Now they're getting ready to pass around the coffee and the pumpkin pie. Geri: Well, everybody. CHARGE! And they all busted in Farmer Gray's house to start more chaos! Doreen: What the hell is going on here?! The kids: HELP! MOM! DAD! Geri: (grabbed Vincent by the neck of his shirt.) IF YOU WERE TOLD ONCE, YOU WERE TOLD A THOUSAND TIMES! YOU BELONG TO THE MEN, FOOL! Vincent: Geri, are you on DRUGS?! LEAVE ME ALONE! I DON'T WANT TO BE WITH ANY MEN! OKAY?! Farmer Gray: You knuckleheads stay away from our kids! Do you understand me?! A black man: NO! You come anywhere near me and those stupid kids, I'd whip yo' ass! Stephanie: I don't think so, dude! The black man: And just who do you think you're talkin' to bitch?! Then Stephanie kicked the black guy across the face with her right foot out the door. Stephanie: (to the black guy.) AND STAY OUT! Elmer: Thank you, Stephanie. You saved our lives. Meanwhile, Doreen and Geri are crossover catfighting over Vincent. Doreen: (slapped Geri's face hard.) You leave Vincent alone this very instant! Geri: (slapped Doreen's face hard.) NO! HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE WITH THE MEN! Doreen: HOW DARE YOU, GERI! YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HIM! HE'S A REAL SWEET GUY! NOW TURN HIM LOOSE! Geri: (angry.) GET LOST! And Doreen and Geri started catfighting each other big time. But meanwhile, Farmer Gray went and grabbed his riffle, and aimed it at the nasty drug addicts gay guys, and Geri McGail, and told the creeps off. Farmer Gray: NOW LOOK, YOU SOUTH PARK NASTY MONSTERS! I WANT YOU INMATURE CHILDREN OUT OF MY HOUSE THIS VERY MINUTE! YOU'RE RUINING OUR PARTY, PLUS, YOU JERKS ARE NOT INVITED! THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE CHRISTMAS SEASON, NOT THE OTHER HOLIDAY AROUND! NOW GET OUT OF HERE, YOU UNGREATFUL CRITTERS YOU! But little did Farmer Gray know that sneaking up behind him with his gun was none other than Matthew Conniff. He pointed his gun at Farmer Gray's head, and told him with a very bad threat. Matthew: Nobody's leaving out of here at all, Pops. Now, either you put the riffle down immediately, or I'll blow your damn brains out. PUT IT DOWN NOW, OLD MANE! And so, Farmer Gray put his riffle down the floor, the gay men took Vincent away from Doreen and her friends, and the bad people took off with Vincent. Farmer Gray: I'm going to call the police. Doreen: That's a good idea, Farmer Gray. Me and my roommates will help the police go out and rescue Vincent. Ingrid: Good thing these dumb animals didn't take our picture prints by Curier and Ives. Christina: They're safe and sound, Mrs. Gray. Ingrid: Oh, bless you, Christina. Cindy: Well what are we waiting for, you guys? No time to waste! Let's go! Doreen: Wait, Cindy! (to Farmer Gray and Ingrid.) Would you two, and the kids like to come with us? Ingrid: Sure. We haven't been into the city for such a long time. Farmer Gray: It's been about a year since we've been to the city. I'll start the van. Ingrid, you go get the kids. Ingrid: Right you are, Henry. So Ingrid gets all the kids together to come with them. Ingrid: Hey kids, it's time to go out! All the kids: YAY! Elmer: Where are we going, mom? Ingrid: We're going to the city to rescue our friend Vincent from those bad people. All the kids: ALRIGHT! We're going to the city! We're going to the city! We're going to the city! We're going to the city! So the kids grabbed their coats, hats, scarfs, and gloves so that they can head over to the van. The van is brand new. It's a 2012 red Toyota van. Farmer Gray: Hop aboard, everyone! All the kids: YAY! So the kids hopped inside the red 2012 Toyota van so that they can go over to the city to rescue Vincent away from Geri McGail and her nasty kind. Doreen: Just follow us and we'll show you where they are! Farmer Gray: Okay, Doreen! Just show us where those creeps have token him, and we'll help you ladies stop those monsters! Okay?! Doreen: Okay! (To the ladies.) Let's go, ladies! We have no time to waste! All the ladies: Right! So the girls led the way, and Farmer Gray and his family followed them. But meanwhile heading back to the city, Vincent got handcuffed by Geri McGail, and Matthew Conniff while they're heading back to Geri's house to continue with the party. Vincent: Why can't you creeps get a life like everybody else, especially like Doreen?! Geri: We've got a life, dummy! You don't! Vincent: I do too! How dare you guys take me away from my friends?! You guys put me back this very instant! Geri: SHUT UP! You're not going anywhere near these losers again! You're gay, and you're gonna be with the men forever and ever! Vincent: (crying.) NO, I WILL NOT BE WITH ANY MAN, ESPECIALLY A GAY MAN! I'M INTO WOMEN! TURN ME LOOSE, NOW! Geri: SHUT YOUR DAMN MOUTH! YOU'RE GONNA MARRY A MAN, STIMPY! AND THAT'S FINAL! Vincent: TURN ME LOOSE, I SAID! I'm into nice people, not mean monsters like you guys! Geri: I DON'T CARE IF YOU'RE EITHER INTO BRITNEY SPEARS, OR VICTORIA JUSTCE! YOU'RE NOT BEING WITH ANYBODY LIKE THAT! EVER! Vincent: (still crying.) WAAAAAAAAAAA! GET ME OUT OF HERE! SOB! I DON'T WANT TO BE WITH YOU GUYS! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Geri: STOP ALL OF THAT CRYING! DO YOU HEAR ME?! Vincent: NO! NOT UNLESS YOU GUYS APOLOGIZE FOR WHAT YOU'RE DOING TO ME! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Matthew: Say, Geri, is Stimpy crying? Geri: Of course he is! He wants to go back to Doreen and those other stooges! He doesn't realize that he's gay, and needs to marry a man! He's just crying for absolutely no stupid reason at all! Vincent: WAAAAA! SOB! YOU'RE MONSTERS! Matthew: Stimpy, you stop all of that crying right now! Do you understand me?! You're crazy! Vincent: I'M NOT CRAZY! YOU GUYS ARE! I DON'T KNOW WHAT DO YOU GUYS WANT WITH ME WITH THOSE GAY MEN! YOU GUYS HAVE NO RIGHT TORCHERING ME, AND THREATENING ME WITH YOUR NASTY GRIEF! AND YOU, GERI, YOU'RE THE CAUSE OF ALL THIS TROUBLE BECAUSE YOU STARTED IT WITH ME FIRST WHEN I WAS MINDING MY OWN BUSINESS AT THAT CHURCH PRAYING FOR NEW GOOD FRIENDS HERE IN NEW YORK BECAUSE I'M REALLY FROM ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI, AND NONE OF YOU REALLY KNOW THAT! SOB! Matthew: (angry.) Look, Stimpy, I'm gonna take my belt off and whip you in a minute if you don't STOP ALL OF THAT CRYING! Vincent: I WANT TO GO TO MY FRIENDS NOW! Geri: YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITH THOSE LOSERS! YOU KEEP ASKING US THAT, I'LL SMACK YOUR FACE OFF! Vincent: YEAH?! YOU AND WHO'S ARMY?! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Matthew: Do you want me to tear him limb from limb for you, Geri? He's beginning to be a pain in the ass! Geri: No, Matthew. But I will call the police on him if he doesn't behave himself! He's gay and he needs to be with the men! Vincent: You two are insane! WHAT DO YOU GUYS KEEP HAVING AGAINST ME JUST BECAUSE I HAPPEN TO BE A DIFFERENT PERSON FROM ANOTHER CITY AND STATE! Geri and Matthew: SHUT UP, STIMPY! Vincent: AND MY NAME IS NOT STIMPY! I am Vincent Mole! Geri: Nice try, Stimpy! Suddenly, Vincent looked up to the front of Geri's rearview mirror, and it was Doreen Blanc and the girls, along with Farmer Gray's family following Geri's tracks, along with the rest of Geri's nasty crue. So Vincent called Doreen for help. Vincent: HELP ME, DOREEN! Even Geri looked through her rearview mirror, and she was really mad! Geri: WHAT?! It's that pesty European cheekbones bitch Doreen again! HOW DID SHE KNOW THAT WE WERE HEADING BACK TO THE CITY TO MY HOUSE?! Matthew: Maybe she's psychic? Geri: Don't be funny! Matthew: Sorry. But meanwhile following Geri, and the rest of the nasty bunch from behind, it's Doreen Blanc and the girls, along with Farmer Gray's family. Doreen: There they are, ladies! I'm gonna kill Geri McGail, and her boyfriend for robbing Vincent! I can't believe Geri would be such a fallen angel from me! Stephanie: Because she's screwed, that's why! Ronda: I hate her already, and her nasty friends. They're going to do something bad to Vincent. I just knew it. Doreen: Not if we go straight to their house and get them, Ronda. Christina: Yeah, that's right, Doreen. We're gonna teach those shitdogs a lesson they'll never forget! Katie: OOH! How I'm gonna flatten that stuck up snob Geri McGail! She thinks she's better than everybody else when she's not! Doreen: Yeah, you're telling me. Such a fallen angel. Geri's not my friend anymore. Cindy: As a matter of fact, Doreen, she's nobody's friend. She's nothing but a rotten diva. That's what she is. Judy: I detest people like Geri. It's just like she wants to go to Hollywood and be such a diva star like Jennifer Lopez, or who knows who. Katie: Well poo poo on her. She's not gonna go far like that. No adoring fan would go to her for an autograph. Ronda: Not at all! Doreen: We're almost there, you guys. Stephanie: And she's almost there too, along with her nasty friends. I don't call them friends at all. I call them monsters. Doreen: Yeah, real ugly monsters that have no Christmas spirit. All they ever think about is Halloween, just like in those nasty Nightmare on Elm Street movies. Christina: I hate Freddie Krueger. He makes me sick to my stomach, just like Geri and her friends. And I'm gonna kick her butt! Meanwhile, they all finally made it back to Geri's house at 3125 10TH Avenue near 23RD Street back in the city. Geri: YEAH, BABY! We finally made it! Doreen: (getting out of her van at Geri's house.) So have we, you bitch! Now, give us Vincent! Geri: DOREEN, HOW DARE YOU GUYS FOLLOW US AROUND TO OUR HOUSE LIKE THAT?! DON'T YOU KNOW THAT'S VERY ILLEAGLE, AND VERY WRONG?! Everybody: YEAH! A beautiful black woman: Slap some damn sense into those girls, Geri! Geri: Later, Moesha. Later. Ronda: Look, Geri, we're telling you right now! Either you turn Vincent loose immediately, or we shall be forced to call the authorities on you for sending a lonely man to the gay guys! Geri: (to Ronda.) YOU SHUT UP, YOU UGLY TRAMP! You don't look so cute at all! Christina: Hey, you don't ever talk to my pal Ronda that way! We don't care how ugly or cute she is, we're all human! So there! Then Geri slapped Christina's face real good and hard. And Christina grunted \"UMMM\" as her head was tilted to the left side of her real quick, and back in place slowly, and she put her hand to her right cheek, rubbed it up and down to stop the pain in her face. Christina: (to Geri.) You're a bitch! Geri: (getting ready to slap Christina again.) DO YOU WANT A FRESH ONE, HUH, TOUGH GIRL?! Stephanie: Hey, you leave Christina alone, you snotty evil dushebag! Then suddenly, Farmer Gray and his family came to Geri's house to save Vincent also. They parked their van to the side of the street, got out, and Farmer gray used his riffle at Geri and her friends and started raving at them. Farmer Gray: NOW LISTEN HERE, ANIMALS! But Matthew pointed his gun again at Farmer Gray's head, and started threatening him again. Matthew: No, you listen here, Pops! We're going inside that house, party like crazy, and have the men have sex with Stimpy! So you and the losers had better clear out immediately, or you're all dead! Got that?! But little did Matthew know that one of Farmer Gray's daughters Karina threw a rock on Matthew's head real fast, and Matthew said \"OW!\" Matthew: (angry.) ALRIGHT! WHO DID THAT?! WHO THREW A ROCK IN MY HEAD?! SOMEBODY IS GONNA GET AN ASS WHOOPING FOR THIS! NOW SPEAK UP! WHO THREW THAT GODDAMN ROCK?! Then Stephanie went up to Matthew, tapped him on his left shoulder and said to him \"Hey!\" Then Matthew turned around, looked at Stephanie, then Stephanie punched him right down to the ground. Geri: (to Stephanie.) HOW DARE YOU HIT MY BOYFRIEND LIKE THAT, YOU BITCH! Then Geri, Matthew, Doreen, Farmer Gray, and the rest of everybody were fighting each other over Vincent with their moves again just like in the old Batman television series from back in the sixties. Farmer Gray used his riffle to shoot down the bad people, but he missed, and missed again. Geri: I HATE YOU, DOREEN! Doreen: Hey, that's your problem, not mine! Then Doreen punched Geri real good and hard across the face, and Geri fell down to the ground. Meanwhile, Farmer Gray's kids started throwing rocks at the bad people, and snowballs too, raving at them. The kids: (to the bad people.) LEAVE OUR FRIENDS ALONE, YOU BIG BAD BULLIES! Gary Dunne spotted the kids throwing rocks and snowballs at his nasty friends. So Gary went up to the kids and threatened them. Gary: Hey, what the hell do you brats think you're doing?! The kids: (screamed and ran!) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Gary: COME BACK HERE, YOU LITTLE JACKASSES! Gary started chasing the kids all around Geri's house, and Farmer Gray spotted Gary chasing his kids and threatening them. So Farmer Gray went to their rescue by shooting Gary's behind with his riffle. Then Gary let out a yell. Gary: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Farmer Gray: (to Gary.) YOU LEAVE MY KIDS ALONE, YOU HOMOSEXUAL PUNK! Then Vincent ran and hid behind a big tree because he couldn't fight at all. He wasn't born a fighter. He's only a lover. So he's trying to avoid the fight. Stephanie: Hey ladies, where's Vincent?! Christina: I don't know, Stephanie! Vincent: (to the ladies.) Here I am, ladies, behind this big tree! Then Christina, Stephanie, and even Doreen ran over to the big tree to Vincent. Doreen: Are you okay, Vincent? Vincent: (sad.) No, not really. I don't know what's Geri's problem with me. I don't know why she bashed me across the head with that stupid newspaper at the church when I was praying and minding my own business. (He's starting to cry.) Why does Geri think I'm gay when I'm not? What does she and her friends have against me?! Christina: Aw, dude, don't cry. Okay, Vincent? She's just a very bad person. Stephanie: She's just psycho, that's all. So don't cry, Sweetie. Doreen: It's gonna be alright, Vincent honey. We've got your back because we love you, and we know that you're not gay. You're a real cool guy, and very sweet. Christina: Mm-hmm, and you're also very smart. We like sweet and special guys like you, no matter what your standards are, and no matter where you're from You're welcome to New York anytime. Vincent: Thank you, Ladies. Thank you. Stephanie: Do you want us cool sisters of the future to cheer you up by us slapping our cheeks across our faces for you so that we can give you great big cheek to cheek hugs? Vincent: Oh, that would help out very much. That would be very extremely nice. Doreen: Let's do it, girls. For Vincent. But before the girls were going to slap their faces for Vincent, Geri McGail stopped them in their moves, and threatened them. Geri: Just you ladies hold it right there, you holiday spiritual bimbos! Stephanie: Who are you calling a bimbo, bitch?! Geri: We want Stimpy NOW! The girls & Vincent: NO! Doreen: You did enough messing with Vincent too many times, Geri! Now he's hurt, and YOU HURT HIM! Geri: And I'm gonna start hurting you three if you don't hand over Stimpy NOW! Doreen: Not on your life, you damn diva! Stephanie: (punched Geri's left eye.) TAKE THAT! Geri: (let out a yell.) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! MATTHEW! And Geri ran over to Matthew and her friends. Vincent: (to Geri.) THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR DOING BAD THINGS TO ME! YOU DESERVE IT, YOU WICKED WITCH! Then that big guy Bruno spotted the girls with Vincent as well behind the big tree. He saw what Stephanie did to Geri and he was mad. So he rushed over to the big tree and told them off with a bad negative threat. Bruno: I SAW WHAT YOU FOUR LAMEBRAINS DID TO GERI, AND YOU CREEPS ARE GONNA GET IT GOOD! Doreen: SAYA WHO, YOU BIG STIFF?! Bruno: SAYS ME, YOU DUMB BROAD! Then Farmer Gray saw the girls and Vincent in trouble with Bruno. So he fired at will on Bruno's back with his riffle. Bruno let out a yell as well, and ran for his life away from Geri's house, and before he went back to his car, the police came, used their clubs, and bashed Bruno with the clubs, handcuffed him, and threw him in the New York City paddy wagon. Then more policemen came with their cars, got out of them, and gathered all of Geri's nasty friends because they were bad. Geri: (saw the police.) WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?! WHO CALLED THE POLICE?! Katie: (to Geri.) It was I who called the police on you jerks, ass bitch! Me and Ingrid both! Ingrid: (to Geri.) Because you monsters are destroying the holidays for everybody around here, and torchering everyone to death! You people are sinners! And may God have mercy on your souls until the judgement day when it comes! Matthew: (grabbed by two policemen.) GODDAMMIT! I WANT TO PARTY WITH MY WOMEN! I WANT THE MEN TO HAVE SEX WITH THAT GEEK! THIS IS HALLOWEEN! SHIT! GODDAMMIT! The two policemen: (to Matthew.) SHUT UP! Geri: (to Katie and Ingrid.) YOU TWO ASSHOLES ARE GONNA PAY FOR THIS! A policewoman: (pointing her gun out at Geri:) I don't think so, honey! I don't think so, honey! Geri McGail, you're under arrest on suspension of harassing a lonely newcomer of New York City by the name of Vincent Mole, and threatening people who love Christmas very well! You're sentenced to life in prison! Let's go! Geri: (to herself.) I hate Christmas, dammit! Then suddenly, Doreen's friends from her job at the Metropolitan Life Tower came to Geri's house as well, including the boss Richard Waters, and saw what was going on with the police, and the bad people. Laurie: Holy cow! What happened here?! Leslie: I don't know, girl. Let's find out. Mr. Waters: Look, ladies! It's Doreen and Vincent! Laurie: Along with other people with them, especially Doreen's roommates! Mr. Waters: Let's go! Then suddenly, Vincent's parents came up to Geri's yard as well. They saw Vincent with the girls, and Farmer Gray's family rushed over to them just to check on Vincent. Amy: (cried.) Oh, my baby! Clerence: Are you alright, son? Vincent: I am this time, mom and dad. Doreen, her roommates, and farmer Gray's family saved my life from a bunch of nasty people that want me away from my new friends to a bunch of gay men and mean people. But the police got them just in time. Then Doreen tuned around real fast and saw Vincent's parents near by. Doreen: (smiling.) Oh hi, Mr. and Mrs. Mole. I didn't know you two were here as well. Amy: What happened here, Doreen? Doreen: A psycho woman named Geri McGail whom I used to be friends with had turned out to be a fallen angel monster with your son while I was showing him around New York City, took him to a sleigh ride, invited him to my parents' house, and my house as well to meet my roommates, going sledding, and over to farmer Gray's place out in the country. Geri and her nasty asshole friends keep molesting Vincent, called him a dumb name like Stimpy from the Ren and Stimpy show, used him as a sex toy for the rotten gay guys because they all want to kill him for absolutely no reason at all. Christina: But we've took care of it so they won't bother your son anymore. Amy: Oh, thank Heavens. Doreen: Oh, Mr. and Mrs. Mole, I want you to meet my roommates. Meet Cindy Nantz, Ronda Lithaw, Judy Hand, Katie Mendozier, Stephanie Mazza, and Christina Melendez. Amy & Clerence: Hi, ladies. Merry Christmas. The girls: Hi. Merry Christmas to you guys, Mr. and Mrs. Mole. Then suddenly, Leslie Salas, Laurie Michelle Spinnaker, and the boss himself Richard Waters went over to the girls, Vincent, and Farmer Gray's family as well to see if they're okay. But the good friends were still introducing Vincent's parents to Farmer Gray' family. Farmer Gray: (to Amy and Clerence.) Hello, you guys. I'm Farmer Henry Gray. You two must be Vincent's parents. Right? Clerence: That's us. Merry Christmas to you, sir. Laurie: My God, what happened around here, you guys? Mr. Waters: We saw the police come to this house! Leslie: What's been going down, y'all? Doreen: You guy, it's a long story. Stephanie: But everything's okay now. Nothing bad has happened to us. We're all alright. Doreen: We'll talk about it when we get back to work. Okay, you guys? Laurie: Sure. Leslie: find with me, girl. Mr. Waters: As you wish. Clerence: (to Vincent.) So are you ready to come back home with us, son? Vincent: More than ever. Doreen: (to the Mole family.) Oh, before you guys go, I have an announcement to make for everybody. Farmer Gray: Oh you do? Clerence: What's up? Vincent: We're listening. Doreen: On Christmas Day, you all are invited to my parents' house for an all new Christmas batch where there's dinner, games, prizes, and a lot of Christmas presents to give to everybody. And Vincent, you and your family are invited to come too. Vincent: COOL! How about it, mom and dad? Can we all go together to Doreen's parents' house for this Christmas batch? I've met all of her family, and they're all very nice. Clerence: (to Amy.) What do you think, Amy? Do you want to go to Doreen's family's place for Christmas? Amy: I can't see why not. Of course. Clerence: (to Doreen.) We'll do it, Doreen. Doreen: Awesome! And after Christmas, everybody, we'll all go downtown and take a bunch of sleigh rides all around New York City, and Time Square. What do you say, everybody? Everybody: YEAH! YAY! Vincent: (smiling.) Looks like God has answered all of my prayers after all. I'm glad I've got good truly BFFs here in New York City just like I did back home in St. Louis. Soon, it was Christmas Day. And everybody including Vincent, the girls, Laurie, Leslie, the boss Richard Waters, and Farmer gray's family are over at Doreen's family's house for this great Christmas batch, even Vincent's parents Amy and Clerence. And they all got along great. Doris: (to Doreen.) hey, Doreen! I heard that some bad people took Vincent away from you guys. Why did they do that? Doreen: Because they all thought he was gay, and we know that he's not. Plus, they were doing all sorts of very bad things to him. But they're in prison now so they'll be spending Christmas time in there, and many years. Mary: Well we know that Vincent is not gay the first time we all have met him. Cambria: Yeah, he's a real sweetheart. He deserves good friends, and a beautiful gal pal by his side. Doreen: Someone like me of course? The sisters: Yeah, someone like you. Doris: Because you're a beautiful woman, Doreen. And Vincent deserves you. Cambria: After all, you've met him at your job. Mary: I think you and Vincent make a great couple. Doreen: I believe so too, ladies. And you're all right. (She looks at the clock on the wall.) Oh, that's my cue, ladies! I've got to sing this song for everybody! We'll talk some more about this later. Okay? All three sisters: Good luck! So Doreen rushes up to the living room getting ready to sing her song for everybody, and she's got a CD with the music to put it in the stereo. So she calls for everybody's attention. Doreen: Excuse me, everyone! May I have your attention please? (Everybody's quiet now.) Thank you. I wish to sing to each and everyone of you a Christmas classic. It's a remake that I did with some of my friends from high school, it's a rock'n'roll tune. So everybody, get up from your seats because you're gonna be dancing to this Christmas song. Everybody get up right now! Everybody! So everybody gets up from their seats, Doreen puts the CD in the compact disc player, she starts it, and everybody's dancing to this fast paced, four count rock'n'roll Christmas classic in a G major tune called Sleigh Ride while Doreen starts to sing it. Doreen: Just hear those sleigh bells jingling Ring ting tingling too. Come on, it's lovely wheather for a Sleigh ride together with you. Outside, the snow is falling and friends are calling yoohoo. Come on, it's lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, let's go. Let's look at the show. We're riding in a wonderland of snow. Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, it's grand, just holding your hand. We're riding along with a song in a wintery fairyland. Our cheeks are nice and rosey and comfort cosey are we. We snuggle close together like two birds of a feather would be. Let's take that road before us, and sing a courus or two. Come on, it's lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. (And she slapped her left cheek real good and hard across her face and grunted.) UMM umm! And everybody continued dancing to the instrumental part while the music continued playing, and everybody was really having a great time with all smiles on their faces. Vincent was having most of a ball with a sweet and positive smile on his face a lot because now he's got people in New York City that really love him, even Doreen. Doreen started singing again. Doreen: There's a Christmas party at the home of Farmer Gray. Farmer Gray: That's me! Doreen: It'll be the perfect ending of a perfect day. We'll be singing the songs we love to sing without a single stop. At the fire place where we watch the chestnuts pop. POP POP POP! There's a happy feeling nothing in the world can buy. While we pass around the coffee and the pumpkin pie. It'll nearly be like that picture print by Curier and Ives. These wonderful thing are the things we'll remember all through are lives! Just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ring ting tingling too. Come on, it's lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling YOOHOO! Come on, it's lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, let's go. Let's look at the show. We're riding to a wonderland of snow. Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, it's grand, just holding your hand. We're riding along with a song in a wintery fairyland. Nice and rosey and comfort cosey are we. We snuggle close together like two birds of a feather would be. Let's take that road before us and sing a courus or two. Come on, it's lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. Lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. Lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with, lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with, Lovely wheather for a sleigh ride together with you. YEAH! And everybody clapped and cheered for Doreen for doing such a great job singing the song. Vincent rushed over to her and congragulated her on the song. Vincent: That was wonderful, Doreen, and I love that slap you did in the middle of it! That was very hot! Doreen: Why thank you, Vincent! Thank you! And they both gave each other a great big cheek to cheek hug and kiss. Then everybody went up to Doreen and congradulated her. Farmer Gray: That was great, Doreen! Doreen: Thank you, Farmer gray! Laurie: That was really excellent, Doreen! Doreen: Why thank you, Laurie! Leslie: Girlfriend, I've got to hand it to you! You're alright! Doreen: Thanks, Leslie! And the two beautiful girls gave each other a high five, and a great big cheek to cheek hug because Doreen's performance of Sleigh Ride was awesome! Even Richard Waters liked it as well. Everybody was happy because they love the party, and they love the song. The next day, Christmas was over for everybody in New York City. Everybody went to take a sleigh ride on each and every horse and sleigh in downtown New York City. Still everybody looks around all the Christmas stuff from buildings and stores everywhere while they're on a sleigh ride. Farmer Gray's family went on one, Doreen's family went on one, Mr. and Mrs. Mole went on another alone by themselves, Richard Waters, Leslie, and Laurie went on another by themselves, and Doreen, Vincent, and Doreen's roommates went on a sleigh ride alone so that they can spend some time withVincent as their new favorite BFF for life. Vincent: Ladies, this is the best Christmas ever. I'm glad you girls have came around to get to know me. In fact, I'm glad everbody has. Doreen: Well we're all glad to get to know you, Vincent. Aren't we, ladies? All the girls: We sure enough are. And all of the girls slapped their cheekbones real good and hard across their faces for Vincent, Vincent got turned on and excited because he has a fetish for women's cheekbones, and all of the girls gave Vincent great big cheek to cheek hugs and kisses as they promised before. Vincent: Oh, thank you ladies. Thank you all so much You don't know how much this all means to me. You all are my special Christmas present ever. And I am so thankful. Doreen: You're our Christmas gift to us too, Vincent. See, we knew you have a fetish for women's high cheekbones, especially my high cheekbones. Christina: And you know that we'll always take good care of you, dude. Stephanie: And You're welcome to spend time with all of us any day, including the holiday seasons. Vincent: Anytime, ladies? All the girls: Anytime, Vincent. Vincent: Excellent! I wonder what we'll do for Valentine's Day, or Easter, or the Fourth of July, or even something like that. And the girls started laughing with Vincent because they all think he's funny in a good way. Vincent laughed with them as well because he loves his new friends here in New York City. And Mr. and Mrs. Mole were in another sleigh ride looking out for their son Vincent along with the gilrs beside him as well. Amy: Look, Clerence. There's our boy Vincent all surrounded by those beautiful women, including Doreen by his side. How wonderful is this. Clerence: Well, honey, I believe our son is going to be alright from now on. And that concludes our story of Sleigh Ride. MERRY CHRISTMAS! ","Summary":" Sleigh Ride: by Preston J. Richardson Once upon a time in New York City in December, the holiday se"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"South African Hottie","Author":"Mandam24","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1900812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1:nJohn is a new guy in the town of Peach tree. He comes from South Africa,nand moved right next door to Dana. One morning Dana comes out of her roomnand goes down stairs. Her mother is cleaning like usual, and her littlenbrother Tommy is reading a new comic book. The only thing missing from thenpicture is her dad. Dana looks at the clock, it's 9:15 on a Saturday. Herndad is usually just getting home from an all night work job. Dana is notnvery tall but tall enough for her age. She's 16 and has hazel eyes withnbrunette hair. Today was hotter than ever so she decided she would lookncute in her bathing suit, and a pair of shorts over it. Just as she wasnabout to go outside she peered through the window. A moving truck wasnoutside and people were moving in. the first thing that came to mind was ifnthere was a boy or girl her age moving across the street. No sooner had shenthought that then a boy with a mushroom cut haircut stepped out of thenhouse. He was really cute. As Dana walked out she waved and the familynacross the street waved back. When she got to her car Dana realized she hadnforgotten her keys. So she headed back towards the house. No sooner had shenstepped in the door than her annoying brother yells at her mom that Dananhad a crush on the weird new next-door neighbors. Quickly she grabbed herncar keys and was out the door. Going out on a nice day like this was justnwhat Dana needed to think about her new and cute next-door neighbor.nPossibly he could be the boy she goes out with, or maybe just a really goodnfriend. Dana met up with Kim and Rachel. These are her two best friends.nEvery Saturday they do one of three things. They either go to a movie, getnice cream, or go to Dana's ex boy friends house. Even though Jason and Dananhad broken up they still remained close friends. Instead of staying insidenon this beautiful but hot day Dana decided why not get ice cream. When theyngot there they ran into the new kid John again.n\"Hey Dana do you know him?\" Rachel asked as they sat across the room withntheir ice creams.n\"Yeah he is my new next door neighbor. Isn't he cute?\" Dana replied with anwide grin on her face.n\"You like him! Oh My God! Girl that is so cool. Where's he from. What's hisnname? Does he have another brother?\" Kim asked hurrying to get all of hernquestions out in the open.n\"I'm not exactly sure yet. When I walked out of the house today I saw himnand I waved and he waved. I really can't tell you anything at this point.\"nShe said as soon as Kim shut up.nDana looked up and saw John standing right there. Her mouth wide open shenmuttered a quick hello.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2:n\"Hey, my names John what's yours?\" John said coolly as he slicked back hisnhair.n\"My names Dana, this is Kim and that's Rachel.\" Dana pointed as shenintroduced herself and her friends.n\"Hey! Where are you from? We know you just moved in and all but nothing isna secret for long around here.\" Kim asked before any one could speak beforenher.n\"I come from South Africa, and yes I know people talk a lot around here. Inget stared at a lot, is that normal here?\" John said as he pulled up anchair to sit with the three girls.n\"There's a lot more where that came from, soon people will start judgingnyou. But even though they talk they are all around nice people. You justnneed to get to know them.\" Dana said as she ate some more of her ice cream.n\"Ok, it was nice meeting you. I guess you are the one that lives across thenstreet from me right?\" John said as he talked to Dana.n\"Yeah that would be me!\" Dana said with a smile.nDana finished her ice cream and motioned towards the door. John walked nextnto her and talked to Kim and Rachel. There was a very weird feeling comingnover Dana, like she knew that Jason would show up any minute and see themntogether. Well, Dana must have very strong feelings because she was right.nJason walked in just as they were walking out.n\"Dana, um how nice to see you again. Who's this?\" Jason said in a surprisedntone.n\"Hey Jason this is John, he just moved across the street from me.\" Danansaid a little embarrassed.n\"Oh, well dude nice to meet you.\" Jason said with a sigh of relief.n\"Well people are we going or what?\" Rachel said as she pushed her way tonthe door.n\"Yeah we were just leaving, I'll talk to you later Jason.\" Dana said as shenwalked out with Rachel.n\"Nice to meet you.\" John said as he followed behind them.nWhen they got they went to Dana's car.n\"Do you have a car?\" Rachel asked as she turned to face John.n\"Not yet, but I can drive, all I need to do is get my license renewed tonfit this continent.\" John said laughing.n\"Do you want a ride home?\" Dana asked.n\"Do you mind? I mean I don't want to intrude.\" John said sincerely.n\"No I don't mind. Come on hop in.\" Dana exclaimed.nAs they rode home Dana tried to find a good radio station to listen to.nJohn stared out the window and took in the new scenery.n\"So, do you have a boy friend?\" John finally asked as he turned to facenDana.n\"No, Jason and I broke up a while ago.\" She answered.n\"Oh, I'm sorry. Well let's change the subject then shall we?\" John said asnhe thought for a new question.n\"So do you have a girl friend? Now that you moved do you miss yournfriends?\" Dana questioned.n\"No, I have only had one girl friend, and when she found out I was movingnshe sort of clung onto my best friend. I don't really miss a lot of peoplenbecause so many people are fake and it's not worth missing them.\" Johnnexplained with such ease.n\"Ok so were home. What do you want to see next?\" Dana asked John as shenpulled into her driveway.n\"I want to know why guys are not poring all over you. You are sonattractive, I'm just curious about what it would take to go on a date withnyou.\" John said.nHe had just pulled the move Dana had wanted him to pull. Still Dana wantednto get to know John. So she talked to him for a while.n\"Yes, I would like to go on a date. Where do you want to go? Have you heardnof any good places to eat since you have been here?\" Dana suggested.n\"I'll take my mom's car. I get my license renewed this after noon. I saw anplace on my way into town today. I really would like to surprise you andntake you there, is that okay?\" John asked mysteriously.n\"Yes, I'd love that. What time should I be ready?\" She asked as she headednfor the door.n\"Be ready by 7:30.\" He said.n\"Ok I'll see you then.\" Dana said.nShe walked inside and closed the door, ran into her bedroom and jumpednaround a lot. She was so happy, too happy to realize who had just walked innto her bedroom. Tommy had waltzed in and saw the whole display ofnhappiness.n\"What are you so happy about? Nothing good can come form those weird nextndoor neighbors.\" Tommy yelled. He ran out of her room before Dana couldnreply.nDana got up and walked to her closet............... ","Summary":" Chapter 1:nJohn is a new guy in the town of Peach tree. He comes from South Africa,nand moved right"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"WHAT TO DO?","Author":"CreamBombSugarLoafie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/293709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DRIVE ME CRAZY: My FanFiction: Chase Hammond and Nicole Merris: The Parents and the Kids[Chapter 2] DRIVE ME CRAZY: My FanFiction: Chase Hammond and Nicole Merris: The Parents and the Kids ","Summary":" DRIVE ME CRAZY: My FanFiction: Chase Hammond and Nicole Merris: The Parents and the Kids[Chapter 2]"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"The Marshal And The Doctor","Author":"gunman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9843134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE MARSHAL AND THE DOCTOR by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own US Marshals, The Fugitive or their characters. Summary: When Newman is shot, Gerard takes him to the hospital, where they encounter the one man who can save his life. AN: Elmhurst Hospital Center is at 79-01 Broadway, Elmhurst, NY 11373 HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ( Elmhurst Hospital Center ) The ambulance pulled into the Emergency stall of the Elmhurst Hospital, the two medics pulling the gurney with the bleeding young man on it out of the ambulance. \"How is he?\" the first medic asked. \"He gonna make it?\" the deputy U.S. Marshal riding with them asked. \"Don't know. He's fading fast.\" the second medic said. Sam Gerard followed them in as the medics pushed the gurney into the ER. He paused when he noticed who the attending doctor on call was. The doctor was 6'1\", dark hair with gray sideburns, and fairly lean looking underneath his white coat. Maybe 188 lbs. The two men paused when they noticed each other. \"Kimble?\" the U.S. Marshal gasped. \"Gerard?\" the former Chicago surgeon gasped. \"Doctor! This Man's Been Shot, He's Going Into Cardiac Arrest!\" the medic shouted. Dr. Richard David Kimble quickly moved over to the young man, gasping as he did. \"Oh, my god.\" he gasped. \"Get Me 40 cc's of Adrenaline! I needs gauze, get me the suction hose and I need some damn gloves NOW!\" he shouted as the nurses around him jumped into action. From the back of the room, Gerard, still covered in blood, watched as Kimble, the man he had once hunted from The Barkly Dam to Chicago, worked furiously to save the life of his deputy. It wasn't until one of the nurses came over and started cleaning him off that he even remembered he had Newman's blood on him. He did nothing as the nurse used antiseptic wipes and cleaning towels to remove the blood. It was nearly two hours later when Kimble finished, removing his gloves and tossing them into the waste basket next to him. \"Alright, clean up the rest of the blood and keep that IV steadily going into his arm.\" Kimble said. \"Yes, doctor.\" the nurse said. Kimble walked over to Gerard, who looked terrible despite not having anything bad happen to him. \"Gerard...\" Kimble began. \"Please tell me that boy's going to live.\" Gerard said curtly. Kimble sighed as he looked at his former pursuer. \"He's going to live.\" Kimble stated. Gerard let out a deep sigh. \"However...\" Gerard looked up at the doctor. \"He's lost a lot of blood. To say nothing of the trauma and shock to his system that has put his body under incredible strain. He's in a coma. His body has basically shut down while it heals. But he's breathing. He's got a pulse and a heartbeat. He needs at least a few days rest and a lot of fluids before he's out of the woods completely.\" Kimble explained. The color, and a small expression of happiness, coursed through Gerard's face. \"Thank you, doc.\" he said. \"It's the least I could do for a good cop. Now, what the hell happened?\" he asked. Gerard looked at Kimble and sighed. \"We were chasing a fugitive. My deputy got caught in the crossfire between our man and one of the pursuing officers. I chased the guy onto the roof of the building we were in... and he pulls a Tarzan on me and jumps onto a moving train.\" Kimble gave Gerard and slightly stunned look, but then shrugged his shoulders in acceptance. \"You buy that?\" Gerard asked. \"You're talking to a man who took a nosedive off an 800-foot dam into a raging river. While being chased by you, if I recall.\" Kimble stated. Gerard actually laughed at that. \"Yeah, I'm lucky that way.\" he said. \"Oh, here.\" Kimble said as he pulled out a small plastic bag that he had inside his coat pocket, and handed it to Gerard. \"Souvenirs.\" Gerard looked at the small clear plastic bag and saw two bullet slugs inside it. \"The slugs we pulled from your deputy. Thought you might want them for your investigation.\" Kimble said. \"He's actually kinda lucky. I've pulled slugs like that from dozens of people since I've been here. Most of them didn't make it.\" Gerard listened to what the doctor was saying, but his primary focus was on the slugs in the bag. He had seen them before. \"Gerard?\" Kimble spoke up, noticing his distant look. \"Thanks, doc. And what the hell are you doing here?\" Gerard asked, changing the subject. \"After what happened in Chicago, I just couldn't stay there anymore. The cops blamed me for my wifes murder, my best friend helped to kill her just to cover up what I'd found out about that damned Provasic drug. I... I needed to get away.\" he explained. \"So you came out here to Elmhurst?\" the marshal asked. Kimble shrugged his shoulders. \"They offered, I accepted.\" he said simply. \"Anything else I can do for you?\" \"Yeah. Make sure my deputy gets out of the woods.\" \"You got it. And where are you going?\" \"To catch the guy that shot him.\" HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Gerard and his team tracked down Mark Sheridan to a grain freighter, the Utviken , at the Bayonne docks, where the dark-skinned fugitive was eventually shot by DSS special agent John Royce. Sheridan was then brought to the hospital where Royce later attempted to kill him. Fortunately, Gerard was there to prevent this from happening, confronting Royce with the evidence of the bullets that he was shot with, matching the slugs that were pulled from Newman's body. Royce then attempted to shoot Gerard, only for the US Marshal to reveal he had removed the clip from his gun and replaced it with his empty one. Royce attempted to shoot Gerard with his back-up gun, a Smith & Wesson Model 36, only for Gerard to react quicker, pulling his Glock 22 out and shooting Royce. HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ( Elmhurst Hospital ) Noah blinked his eyes open and stared up at the ceiling of the hospital he was in. Feeling weak and tired, and more than a little sore, the young deputy Marshal looked over and saw his boss, Samuel Gerard, asleep in a chair off to the side. \"Boss?\" he gasped out. Just then, the doctor walked in. Noah was surprised when he recognized who it was. \"Dr. Kimble?\" Noah gasped. \"Evening, deputy.\" Kimble said with a smile. Gerard suddenly woke up. \"Wha...Newman?\" Gerard coughed out as he sat himself up. \"Boss, what happened?\" Newman groaned. \"What's the last thing you remember?\" Gerard asked. \"I was in the Lorali Building, searching the upper floors, and... and Royce. Royce shot me!\" he said. \"Yeah, I know. That was ten days ago. Don't worry, kid, we got him.\" Gerard said. \"But your good health is attributed to one Doctor Richard Kimble here.\" \"Really?\" Noah gasped. \"Yeah. Pulled two slugs out of you. I was actually lucky I got to you in time.\" Kimble said. \"We all were.\" Gerard said. Just then, Cosmo Renfro, Savannah Cooper and Bobby Biggs walked into the room. \"Hey! The Kid Lives!\" glasses-wearing, slightly scruffy Renfro smiled, glad to see Newman was awake. \"How you feeling?\" tall, mustached Biggs asked. \"I hurt.\" Noah groaned. \"Well that's understandable.\" African-American female Cooper said. \"Good to see you guys. Renfro, what happened to you?\" he asked the bearded man in a sling. \"He can't drive.\" Biggs answered. \"Hey, you get broadsided by a sedan and see how good you look.\" Renfro hissed at the taller man. After an hour or so of visiting and storytelling, Gerard got a call from his boss. \"Alright, people! We got a new assignment.\" Gerard said as the group groaned. \"Everybody outside and to the van. Newman, you're staying put.\" \"Boss, I feel fine.\" Newman complained. Gerard looked at Kimble, who shook his head side-to-side. \"You're staying put.\" Gerard said firmly to his deputy. \"Boss...\" Newman tried to protest. \"You're staying put, or I'm gonna strap you to this bed to keep you here myself. Understood?\" he said in a straight, flat tone. Newman looked at Gerard and sighed, knowing that he would do it. \"How long?\" Newman asked. Gerard looked at Kimble for an answer. \"A week, minimum, just to be sure everything's working right.\" Kimble said. \"A week?\" Newman asked. \"I've already been here two.\" \"Ten days is not two weeks, Newman.\" Renfro said. \"You were shot, Newman. Be thankful you're not in the morgue.\" Gerard said. \"That's nice.\" Newman pouted. \"Boss?\" \"Yeah, kid?\" Gerard replied. \"How did you know Royce was the one..\" \"Who shot you?\" \"Yeah.\" \"With these.\" he said, pulling out a small plastic bag with two metal slugs inside it. \"These are the slugs that the good doctor here pulled out of you.\" he said, tossing the small bag to Newman. The bag landed on his stomach, allowing the young Marshal to pick it up and look at it. \"Those slugs that Kimble pulled out of you, match the ones that Sheridan shot me with in the swamp. He shot me with Royce's gun.\" \"Yeah, but... you had a vest.\" Noah said. \"Yeah. And you've probably used up all your good luck for this year, so you are gonna stay put and let these nice people take care of you, or I will put you into forced retirement by tomorrow.\" Gerard snapped. Newman groaned as Gerard said that. \"Fine. Can I keep these?\" Newman asked, holding up the bag with the slugs in it. \"Sure thing. I already got a couple.\" Gerard smiled as he walked out of the room. ","Summary":" THE MARSHAL AND THE DOCTOR by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own US Marshals, The Fugitive or their ch"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"And He Had Smiled","Author":"ASiriusAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11619470","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He almost never smiled. It wasn't as if he didn't want to, but being a Deputy Marshal didn't grant many of those little moments that you could smile at. The ones you managed were even more precious. Being a Deputy Marshal meant you watched people die, and you got to wonder when it was your turn to do so. He remembered the sting from just a few days ago. They'd caught the fugitives; he himself had rescued a little baby. Finality of darkness closed over his vision. The child had reached to touch him... And he had smiled. ","Summary":" He almost never smiled. It wasn't as if he didn't want to, but being a Deputy Marshal didn't grant "},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"A Death and a Funeral","Author":"wayward-angels","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6722137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I know that this isn't technically for the Fugitive, but since it's the same team I feel that it fits in this category. Maybe the category could be changed to The Fugitive and US Marshals? Noah Newman's funeral takes place on an overcast Tuesday morning. The procession begins outside the county morgue and ends at the Rosehill Cemetery in Chicago. The four black cars go unnoticed amongst the heavy urban traffic flow, just another day in the city. The news has long since forgotten about this dead federal officer; the death of John Royce made headlines. The morons at the State Department covered it up, refused to admit that their precious spy had murdered a US Marshal in cold blood. Nobody at the Chicago field office had expected any less. The funeral is small. Newman never married and had no children. His mother is there, flew in from Arizona as soon as she got the call. His two sisters are there as well, the older one a lawyer from Atlanta and the youngest a cop in Phoenix. The team is there, of course, all of them. They wear black bands over their badges, mourning. The weather turns chilly as the team stands in a line by the grave. Sam Gerard, Cosmo, Bobby Biggs, Savannah Cooper, even Catherine Walsh is there. Cosmo starts to cry during the funeral. So does Savannah. Gerard doesn't cry. He just stands there, staring at the coffin, thinking. Why? Why did it have to be Newman? He was a good kid, he was smart and funny and good at his job. He wasn't some stupid cop trying to play hero, he was a good man who wanted to do the right thing. Out of all the people who might have died that day, including the man who should have, it had to be the innocent guy who walked into a death trap. It's always the good guys. It always has been and it always will be. The preacher rambles on about Heaven and being a hero. Gerard stares at the windy graveyard and feels like kicking something. He remembers when they were after Richard Kimble, when some felon held a loaded Sigg to Newman's head. How he'd taken the guy down in one shot. And how afterwards, Newman had griped about Gerard's rash movement. And how Gerard's higher-ups had complained. And Gerard remembers what he told them. I had to shoot him. He was going to shoot one of my kids. And in the end, one of his kids did get shot. This time, someone really did pull that trigger. Only this time, there was no one around to save him. How could this happen? Gerard wonders. And why did it have to be the kid? His kid. It was always the ones who never deserve it. The funeral ends. Fresh dirt is tossed onto the grave by a variety of shaking hands. Newman's mother weeps openly. So does his older sister. His youngest sister stand there, hands clasped behind her back, back straight. A cop's stance. Afterwards, people mill about the graveyard. The team talks quietly amongst themselves. Newman's older sister approaches Gerard. She introduces herself as Linda. She doesn't look like Noah, her dark hair and dark eyes must take after her father. \" You must be Sam Gerard.\" She says. He nods. \" Noah was a good kid.\" He offers. \" He loved his job.\" Linda says. \" Whenever he came home, he would talk about the team.\" She pauses. \" His team.\" \" He was a good agent.\" Gerard says. Linda nods. \" I know he was. He, uh, he really liked working here. He said it was the best thing that had ever happened to him.\" Linda hesitates. \" Noah was kind of a troubled kid. When he was younger he hung out with some of the rougher groups at school. I always worried that he'd end up a criminal, but then he started working here and…\" \" He was one of the good guys.\" Gerard promises her. Linda nods. \" I know he was. He had such a dangerous job, and he just…he just loved it. I always worried, though. I still do, about her.\" Linda nods towards the younger sister, standing at her mother's side. Gerard nods. \" Noah was a great kid. Uh, man.\" He amends, though he knows that Newman will always be a 'kid' to him. \" He was a good man.\" Tears fill Linda's eyes. \" He was, Mr. Gerard. He was.\" Gerard talks to Savannah a little. She's telling the team a story about one of their crazy escapades. Some narrow escape that she and Newman barely survived. \" Marshal Gerard?\" Her voice is confident but quiet. He turns and sees the youngest Newman. He doesn't recall her name. Maybe she never introduced herself. \" I'm Sara. Um, Noah's sister.\" She says. Gerard shakes her hand. \" Noah was an excellent Marshal.\" Gerard tells her. Sarah nods. She has Noah's curly hair and blue eyes. \" He really respected you. He loved his job, more than anything.\" She puts her hands in her pockets. \" It showed.\" Gerard agrees. \" He called the team his second family. Whenever he came home, he'd tell me these stories about you guys. They were funny and sweet and…\" She trails off. \" There are a lot of good Marshals out there, but Noah was something else.\" Gerard says. \" Noah talked about you a lot.\" She says it with a pained smile, as if imagining the animated conversations the two must have had. \" He really respected you.\" \" The feeling was mutual.\" Gerard replies. \" You were his hero.\" Sarah tells him. Gerard feels the weight of the words pierce his heart in a way that no bullet ever could. He feel the need to say something back. \" You're a cop, right?\" He asks. Sarah nods. \" Yeah, Phoenix Police Department. I wanted to make a difference.\" She blushes a little. \" Like my brother, you know?\" \" Oh, he made a difference all right.\" Gerard assures her. \" He did more than enough for this city. This whole country, in fact.\" \" He wondered if he did enough.\" Sarah comments. Gerard's heart sinks. Did Newman really wonder if he did enough? How could he, with all that he gave up for this job on a daily basis. \" He said once that he was the weakest link.\" Her voice is almost tearful. \" He wasn't.\" Sam argues at once. Sarah nods. \" I think that he realized that. I think that when he died, he knew that he was making a difference.\" Sarah's blonde hair falls across her face, shielding her eyes from view. I think that he died scared and alone. Gerard thought. He remembers how he left the kid to go chase some goddam fugitive. Always chasing another fugitive. And then in the ambulance. He should have said something. Assured the kid he'd be alright. Promised him he'd be okay. He wouldn't have been. He was dying and he knew it. \" Marshal, do you think he died knowing he was doing something good?\" Sarah asks. Gerard can't tell her the truth. She's a cop, she probably knows the horrors that occur, the gruesome death by bullet. But she wasn't there, she didn't see the blood pooling dark and crimson and she didn't see his eyes. The fear in his eyes when he knew that he was dying. And Gerard is glad. Nobody should have to see that. \" I think that he died knowing that he was one of the best US Marshals I've ever had the privilege to know.\" The words strike a chord with her. She nods. \" I just needed to hear that from someone other than my mom.\" She hesitates. \" Our dad died when I was six. Noah was sixteen. Back then, Noah was just some average kid who was kind of a troublemaker. Our dad never got to see what a good person he became.\" Gerard feels awful. \" Well, your father would have been very proud of him.\" He promises her. Sarah smiles. \" I think that you were more of a father to Noah than our dad ever was.\" She admits. \" Your dad would have been proud of him. Anyone would have.\" Gerard chokes out, because he cant' bear the thought that he's learning all of this too late. It's not like he didn't like the kid, but he wishes he would have known. Why? He doesn't know. But you always find out people's biggest secrets when they're already dead. \" Noah was a good kid. He still is.\" Gerard doesn't know what else to say, so he adds, \" He'll always be a hero.\" Sarah nods, and her eyes are shiny with unshed tears. \" I know, Marshal. I know.\" Gerard rests his hand on her shoulder for a moment. Then he turns and walks away, back towards his team. They're talking about Newman. \" We should drink to him.\" Biggs pulls out a hip flask. Savannah makes a strange cross between a choke and a laugh and says, \" That better be milk in there.\" And they all chuckle sadly, because they're all going to miss Newman more than they know. Gerard knows, they all know, that they'll wake up tomorrow and go to work and wonder why he's not there. And they'll see his desk and his picture and the things that remind them of that young Marshal who died for no reason. And it will be the same the next day, and they day after that, and for a long time after his grave is covered in newly grown grass. After a while, the pain will start to fade. But it will never go away. ","Summary":" A/N: I know that this isn't technically for the Fugitive, but since it's the same team I feel that "},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"remember me","Author":"The forbidden vampire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5419673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Remember me. ...I started running for my life, away from my parents, my job, my fiancé, everything!. It is the year 2009. My name is Charlotte Bannerman, I am 19 years old growing up in the suburbs of Birmingham, the weight of the world has gotten too much for me to handle. Do you really want to know what has happened to me? If so, then this is my story... Get off Danny I've got to get to work! I said playfully whilst throwing a pillow at my loving soon to be husband. (You know how men get first thing in the morning) always expecting to \"get some\". I work in Starbucks as a waitress, dishing out espressos, cappuccinos, hot chocolate and that entire lark. I work 9-5 shifts Monday to Friday. Not a bad wage at the end of the month, pays the bills is all i can say. I started to get ready for work in the bathroom, putting on my makeup, straightening my hair, when Danny came in naked behind me and putting his arms around my waist. I love the way he treats me, he satisfies me in every way possible, he respects me unlike them other dickheads out there. He brushed his strong hands slowly up and down my body, caressing my breasts, down towards my lower thigh. I turned around and faced him, putting my hands on his muscular structure and stared deep into his beautiful blue eyes, \"I will always love you Danny, no matter what, you know that?, I know sweetheart, like I said to you 9 months ago, i fell head over heels in love with you the moment I met you, that is why i asked you to marry me. I love you\". I smiled and kissed him passionately on the lips, and headed out to work soon after. All i could think about on the way to work after heading out the flat was how lucky i am to be getting married in a few months, plus i couldn't stop looking at my diamond ring on my left hand. Suddenly i heard police Sirens wailing down the road as i turned my face to look, three police cars were heading in my direction, i frowned and quick paced myself into starbucks. Coffee beans! Everyday all i get to smell is darn coffee beans, when i first started here it was a relaxing smell, but working with customers and trying to get there orders done as quickly as possible puts you off coffee for life. \"Can i get a double latte, no cream please\", Miranda said, i processed that order into the till, \"that'll be £2.50 please\" the customer handed me a ten pound note. \"That's £7.50 change, thank you very much...Charlotte\" as she read it from my name badge, she left the shop with a smile on her face. I looked at my watch, 16.50pm, ten minutes until i finish work, thank god it was almost closing time. \"Goodbye guys, see you tomorrow morning, same time, (stupid o'clock)\". We all laughed in unison, then left the shop. I put the keys into the lock, turned it and shouted, \"Hey honey, I'm home! I've always wanted to say that\". I got no reply when i walked into the flat, no greeting or nothing, \"strange\", i said to myself with a curious face, i put my blue fleece on the hook and entered the living room; Danny was sitting on the couch with his head in his hands. I went over to him, sat beside him and put my hand on his thigh \"whats wrong love?\" i got no answer. He then raised his head out of his hands, he was as white as a sheet with dark eyes from which i knew he had been crying. \"whats wrong?\" i asked again, he turned to look at me, i have never seen him look at me like this before, my heart was racing!. Slowly he asked \"who are you?\" \"What do you mean who am...\" before i could finish what i was saying he threw himself up off the couch and started shouting. \"Don't come what do you mean! The police were round this morning looking for a Maxine Thelham. I was also given an envelope, go on, go open it! It's on the mantel piece!\" i was gaunt, my whole body was shaking head to toe with adrenaline, i didn't know what to say to Danny. I walked over to the mantel piece, picked up the envelope, and opened the jagged edges in which it had been opened before me. I opened it up and took out the contents, turned the piece of card around and fell to my knees, there i was, my cruel face holding a gun up to an innocent soul. My hand still attached with the handcuffs i was given for my previous offence for being a con. My arms fell to the sides of my body, and i broke down in tears, i could feel Danny behind me \"who are you?\" he asked for the last time. I looked up at him, at this point in time i was distraught, i was in agony thinking what to tell him. I slowly got up trying my best not to fall back down again; my long brown hair was sticking to my face from all the tears coming down my cheeks. Before i could head over to the kitchen Danny grabbed my left arm and snatched me to turn around. \"Well?\" Danny said softly, i couldn't bare to look into his eyes so i kept looking at his feet. He put his hand under my chin and slowly raised my chin to his angry face, my tears soaked his hand, i couldn't stop crying, he shook his head and slapped me so hard i fell to the floor. I ran towards the bathroom and locked the door behind me. I was out of breath, my heart felt as if it was tearing through my sternum, i didn't know if it was because i was heartbroken or if i was unbelievably scared. Danny banged on the door, he was crying at the same time \"you must tell me who i fell in love with\" he blubbered, \"A killer? Maxine? or...Charlotte?. i couldn't believe this was happening, my old past had come back to haunt me, \"I'm sorry Danny, i didn't mean for this to happen, i didn't mean to hurt you\". \"All you women are the same, you make us believe things that aren't even there, what's the fucking point?!. I opened the door; there he was standing tall with his veins in his neck bulging out from all the shouting. \"Everything we have ever done together has been real, the love i have shown and given you has been real! \" i assured him of this. He slowly walked towards me, i thought he was going to hit me again, but no, he put his arms around me. I felt his warmth conceal me; the beat of his heart against my ear comforted my inner soul. \"you must understand why I'm doing this\" \"doing what?\" i said, he let go of me and walked back over to the couch, reaching down towards the phone and picked up the receiver, i knew exactly what he was doing. I just stood there shaking my head...\"why?\". \"Hello, police please\", 'please hold'. \"You meant the world to me Danny, i can't believe you're doing this\" \"I'm sorry, i cant have a fugitive as a wife... this is Danny hart, he stammered, i spoke with you earlier on in the day, she's here, charl...i mean Maxine is here in the flat with me now. He put the receiver down and i took off my engagement ring, i went up to him and placed the diamond ring into his left hand. I reached up and kissed his cheek, then ran into the bedroom finding my bag, putting a few clothes into it, i came out the bedroom finding Danny facing the window out looking the bullring building. Danny, here is a note with a phone number and a place to meet, i will tell you everything about me, my past offences, why i was holding a gun to that poor mans head, give it time and i will let you know who i am. Danny walked over to me and put the note into his jeans pocket along with the engagement ring, he then turned back towards the window outlooking the city. \"Goodbye my love, remember me for who i was, not for who i am.\" His head sunk into his shoulders and folded his arms. \"Goodbye charlotte\". I ran down the stairs as quickly as possible, pushed open the door and out onto the street, there it was again, the sirens blaring down the road, i saw the reflection of the blue lights in the windows across the street, so i turned and ran into an alleyway and before I knew it i started running for my life, away from my parents, my job, my fiancé, everything!. My name is Maxine thelham, I am 19 years old growing up in the suburbs of Birmingham, the weight of the world has gotten too much for me to handle. You still think I'm a good person?, well that's for you to decide. ","Summary":" Remember me. ...I started running for my life, away from my parents, my job, my fiancé, everything!"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"The Fugitive","Author":"Kai Anderson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6961452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Fugitive Looking over your shoulder as if you were a hit on a mobster's list is not easy. When on the run from the law, you gotta protect your neck. I've been on the run for two days now. It seems that the hunger is finally setting in. My clothing has become ragged and they smell like the absence of a shower. I can't help but to think how disappointed in me my mother would be. If only she knew the things that I've done. I hadn't seen my mother in six years. It's probably for the best. For the time that I did know my mom, I never treated her right. Last I knew she was a police officer. I have to evade getting caught because she might be an officer still and she'd know that I was a criminal. I'm glad she doesn't know me any longer. The cops are after me because I had come in contact with a very devious lady. If I didn't take her life, I would have still had my own. The bitch had it commin' She and her friend broke into my home and stole my things just because they were women and they knew that they could get away with it. You don't see their faces in the news except for as victims. I did nothing to them and yet I was falsely accused of rape, robbery…and assault. So yeah, she deserved to die. I'm not comfortable with this place. It's too country for my taste. I was walking up on what seemed to be the only two houses for miles. I've been carrying a gun around for protection and I've used it multiple times. The thought of man of my stature, forced to kill for a proper meal and shower? A beige house I walked up on, not knowing the number of residents inside. I knocked on the small house when an old bearded man opened. He stood there with a very gently bemused face. \"Can I help you sir?\" The old man asked with barely open eyes \"Do you have a wife and children here?\" I replied in monotone \"Nope, just me and my dog, Lucy. My wife passed away years ago.\" \"Then join her.\" I said as I slipped a pistol from my pocket \"Rest in piece old man.\" I told him as he hardly stood on a cane. Without penitence or guilt, I ended the man's life with the silent trigger of a brass bullet. Should you weep for him? Why? Can you not see it possible that he killed more than I? Perhaps his wife passed away by his own hand. Who's to say? I dragged the man's body to what seemed like a basement and watched him tumble down the stairs onto the floor. If he lived a good life, then I sent him to a better place. A sinful one, then he deserved to die. I slammed the door and walked around the house searching for the kitchen. I made my way into the kitchen, foraging through what little scrapples the man had. As far as food, he was no better off than I was. All that I could immediately eat was a pack of Saltine crackers After I filled my stomach, I went scavenging through the man's clothing trying to find befitting attire. I came across a plain white tee, an argyle sweater-vest, and khaki slacks. They would have to do for now. I went into the shower and stood in the steaming hot water. As the many water droplets beat against my shoulder, I couldn't help but to think about how my life was 'til now. It wasn't any better than the life I lead now. I may as well have been without a home. The living conditions of my house were sure to be though uninhabitable by humans, but it was my life and I enjoyed living that way. My life was fine before ruined by that woman. I couldn't figure out why, but I felt guilty in taking the woman's life, but not the life of the feeble old man. By standard, I was not what one would call, \"A real man\" I was deep in thought before I turned off the shower. I didn't realize that all I did was stand there the entire time not even raising a cloth or lathering with soap. I dried my body with the previous clothing I had taken off and slipped on the new clothing. I pulled the pistol from the left butt-pocket and slipped it into my current right pocket while swinging my finger in the trigger-loop. After I was sure that I had done all I felt like doing, I strolled out of the front door. I was sure that the dead body was soon to be discovered. I wanted to linger in that house for as long as possible, but I had to move on. When I walked out the door of the house, I was confronted by an obvious neighbor. The man stood at what I could barely measure as six feet \"You a friend of Steven's?\" the man asked. \"Is it any business of yours?\" I retorted \"Look, guy. No need to get all impish. It was just a simple question.\" \"If you take value in your life, then I suggest you don't bother in others' affairs.\" I hated people like him… the quintessence of a nosey neighbor. They continue to pester and pester until finally… something bad happens. The man still sought answer, although how homicidal I presented myself. \"Look, guy!\" The white haired man shouted while placing his hand on my shoulder, \"I don't know who you are or what –\" I quickly grabbed the man's four fingers and squeezed them tightly while squinting my eyes. \"Don't touch me.\" I advised in a monotone voice. I threw down his hand and continued walking on. As I walled, I slightly tilted my head in order to view the periphery behind me. I noticed the man take a cell phone from his pocket with an unsteady hand. I watched his lips move, but his mouth formed unfamiliar shapes, therefore unable to read his words. Assuming that he called the cops, I removed the pistol from my pocket as I stood seven feet away from him. With striking accuracy, I embedded a brass colored bullet in the center of his skull with the swift pull of a trigger. \" That's number seven .\" I though as I counted the victims between today and yesterday. Two…it only took two days for me to become the monster that I am today. No, maybe it wasn't two days. All of the erectable strife I've been putting up with…all the ill-bred carelessness of humanity. This is why I am the way that I am today – and it took well over two days for it to happen. I walked up to the man's body and patted him down for benefits. After three seconds of frisking, I found his wallet. It had a number of cards and $225 dollars cash. Before closing the wallet and slipping it into my pocket, I pulled out his I.D. and reviewed his information. \" Jason Stiles – eye color: brown – hair color: grey – height: '5 12' – weight: 178- state: Arkansas. \" He was forty-eight years old with hair white as snow. In these days, forty-eight years is as best as it gets. One hour later and two miles into walking, I came up on a failing diner. I slipped my hands from my pocket after seeing a sign that read \" FS Diner \". I lifted my hand a pushed open the door when an attached bell beckoned the waitress. \"Take a seat, darlin'\" The big breasted woman demanded in a southern accent. My face seemed to cringe upon first sight of a big boobed blonde haired woman in her sixties. It just goes to show that even the elderly try keeping up with the new generations. \"Whaddaya got?\" I asked as I sat down on a stool. \"It's a diner. You figure it out.\" The crumple nosed woman replied. I took my two hands and rubbed them up my face and through the back of my hair in annoyance. \"Just gimmie some coffee or somethin'\" \"What kind?\" \"Just! It doesn't matter, lady. I don't care!\" I took out the wallet and the lady stared in my hands. She then turned her back to me and grabbed a coffee mug from a shelf. She began pouring and decided to make conversation. \"What's your name, sugar?\" She asked. \"Argh! You're pissing me off, woman! Does it matter? Does anything about me matter to you? I'm gonna sit here, and you are going to try making small talk. Three minutes from now, I will walk out of this door and my existence, to you, will fade away, so why would I waste breath telling you a name that you'll probably forget in a number of seconds.\" The woman looked at me in flummoxes. \"Okay? So what's your story?\" She asked \"Who said I had a story?\" I replied \"C'mon now, sir… everyone has a story.\" \"But not everyone wants to tell it.\" The lady snickered a bit \"Looks like someone's in trouble.\" The woman seemed persistent on making me speak, but her efforts were ineffectual. I'm not the type to blurt my business to random strangers. \"Trouble?\" I asked \"How do you figure?\" The woman walked closer to me and placed both elbows on the table while resting her chin on the back of her interlocked fingers. \"Well, you're the only person who's come in this next to deteriorating diner for days, you're obviously walking on foot…for miles I'd say, you have a story that you don't want to share, and the man on that I.D. picture looks nothing like you. So you're gonna talk or do I have to call the cops?\" The elderly are always the most wise and perceptive of people. I didn't want to go around killing back to back, but the woman asked for it. With a quick arm, I pulled the pistol from my left pocket. At the intervening time, the woman pulled out a sub machine gun quicker than I could even react. \"You don't get to do that, hunny.\" she began \"Not here you don't.\" she continued while nodding her head left and right. \"Now you can attempt to pull that trigger, but by the tine one shell leaves the chamber, I'd have already been draggin' your body out back. So what's it gonna be, shug'? You wanna cause problems, or you wanna let me help you. Your choice.\" The woman was obviously skilled with a gun. I underestimated her…a fatal mistake in reality. For the first time, I backed down and didn't let pride consume me. \"Smart boy…now let me tell you a little something. Take this address. It's three and a half miles up that way.\" She reached in her left breast pocket and tucked a card between her index and middle finger. \"They close at around 8pm, so I suggest you hit the road now. Once you get there, mention my name to the owner. She'll know what to do. Alright then, go on. I trust you not to be causin' anymore trouble?\" I ignored the woman's question and walked out the door. I was walking for around six blocks until the fact that I was in the country grew more evident. Every current of air conveyed smells of a roasting barbecue and not one car went by for that entire time. It was another mile before I became tired of enduring the sweltering desert-like heat. It was then that a Kia Sorrento drove up on the road. I ran out to the middle of the street and the driver pressed down on the brakes before barely impacting my leg and making me fall. \"Oh my gosh!\" the red haired woman exclaimed \"Are you okay?\" she continued while stepping from the car \"I'm fine.\" I annoyedly said. I stood over the heavyset five foot woman. \"Two miles that way\" I said, pointing north \"You goin'?\" The woman nodded her head. \"Sorry, I'm heading to the freeway.\" \"Seventy bucks says you're not.\" She jumped up and snatched the money from my hand after I pulled it from the wallet. \"Let's go.\" She insisted. I hopped in her car and folded my arms. She sat in the driver's seat and began staring at me. \"What?\" I angrily shouted \"Seatbelt, duh.\" I grunted and snatched the belt down. When the woman heard a click, she drove off. \"That's better. Now where to?\" I slipped the card that the woman had given me from my pocket and tossed it to her side of the dashboard. She picked it up. \"Okay, 2268 Greensborough Drive. Here we go. Hey, you look a little upset. I have some books in the glove compartment if you want to ease your mind a little.\" I tugged the handle of the glove compartment. I pulled out a book titled Psycouvanation and began to read. I got so lost in the fantasy novel that I lost track of time. My head was deep in the book when the woman's voice said, \"2268 Greensborough Drive, we're here. I wonder why there are so many cop cars around here.\" I quickly lifted my head from the book and peered through the windshield \"What! Cops?\" I shouted \"Bitch! She set me up.\" The woman looked at me in bewilderment. \"Set you up? What do you mean? Are you a cr-\" I interrupted her words with the touch of cold steel pressed against her temple. \"Asked no questions. Turn back.\" She sat frozen and stiff. \"Didn't you hear me! I said drive! Do you want to die?\" She turned her head to me with rutted brows and a crinkled nose. \"No.\" she insisted \"This may be unknown to you, but I've been in this situation more than once. I know your kind. I'm not susceptible to threats of a murderer. If it's my time to go then it's my time.\" When her lips ceased to move, I shot her, but not in the head, I shot her in the thigh and pushed her out the driver side door as she screamed and cried in agony. I slid over and grabbed the wheel. Before I shut the door and drove off, I looked down on the woman in pity and said, \"There…you wanna talk about fate. Okay then, we'll let fate decide. If you lay there and bleed to death, then it really is your time. Good luck.\" The woman screamed for help in order to alert the police of my presence. Without hesitation, two cop cars began chasing me. I found as many corners as possible to turn so that I could better confuse them. My foot pressed down on the gas a bit heavier, causing me to breach the 110 mph mark. I evaded the police for a while. I managed to make it into the city before I came to a perpendicular intersection. There was a cop car on the left and a cop on the right. They shot the wheels of my car, rendering it completely useless. They attempted to close me in, but I rushed out of the car into a building. \" I can't keep this up for much longer. \" I thought while racing through the building. I quickly found the restroom of the large mall-like building that was occupied by one patron. I went in there to catch my breath and attempted to alter my appearance as much as possible. I figured that if anyone had any type of a description on me and, I would differ from it. I took of the sweater-vest, leaving on the white tee, I cut my pants into shorts, and I slicked my hair back using water. When I was done, I calmly walked to the restroom door exit. When I lifted my hand and pushed open the door, I found myself staring into the dark unrecognizable chamber of a gun. \"The game's over. Come with us.\" The wielder demanded. I was standing face to face with two officers. I quickly reached in my back pocket to draw the pistol, but my right wrist was cuffed by a man standing behind me. It turns out that the one person in the restroom too was a cop. I kept up my cunning for as long as my brain would allow, but I knew it was a matter of time before I got caught. They began to recite my rights as they walked me out of the restroom. There were people stopping and staring, even when I went outside. An entire crowed was drawn by the time my head was ducked into the police vehicle. I stared out the window as the car pulled off and headed to the nearest police station. When we arrived to the station, I was immediately locked up. I was supposed to be transferred downtown, but the lazy ass cops were waiting for them to come pick me up. I was placed in a holding cell that felt like an icebox. There was no bed, no chair…nothing for me to sit on. I was in the back area of the jailhouse when a silent cop with a hat came to my cell and opened it. \"What, they're here?\" I asked. The cop stayed silent. It was until we reached further to the back did the cop remove the hat, revealing herself. It was then that I realized she was a woman, but not just any woman. It was my mother. \"Wait! You're.\" I started before interruption \"Yes, I know, but now's not the time to discuss it. I might be imprisoned because of this, but a mother can't watch her child be placed behind bars. Don't worry, I've silenced the alarms. Leave out of the emergency door to the left. I've made sure that all the others are in front.\" My attitude immediately changed upon sight of her beautiful faced. No matter how messed up I am, I could never hate my mother. My love for her could never die. \"You can't do this. I won't let you get locked up for me.\" She placed her hand on my shoulder and smiled at me with gleaming eyes. \"Better you than me, child.\" A cop came rushing around the corner \"Prisoners can't be back here!\" The man shouted. My mom removed her gun from her belt and shot the man in the face. \"Go!\" She yelled. \"With no silencer, I'm sure the entire building just heard the gunshot. Don't talk back to your mother. Just go! If we meet again in hell, then so be it.\" I kissed her on the cheek and ran out of the door. \" Then I'll see you in hell, mother. \" I thought as I escaped. I couldn't understand how she still loved me, but she did and I was glad that she had given me significant help one last time before I lost her again. It's true that through my entire life, people have asked me what my name is, but my name doesn't matter. From now…while on the run, I will only be known as The Fugitive. ","Summary":" The Fugitive Looking over your shoulder as if you were a hit on a mobster's list is not easy. When "},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"Begin Again","Author":"Sarah1281","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11519093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First date. He was going on a first date. He hadn't been on a first date in twenty-one years. Halfway through his first date with Helen he had decided he'd never go on another first date again. For nineteen years he hadn't needed to. Then he'd been arrested before he'd even been able to process that she was dead. Dating had been the last thing on his mind but he wasn't going to be one of those felons who married some nut who wrote him letters in prison and didn't seem to care he supposedly murdered wife number one. And he was going to be executed . Yes, he had been well-aware it might never come to that as he still had years and years of appeals and he could easily spend his life in prison. That wasn't a future he was prepared to face either. Even after he had been led from the hotel in handcuffs and quietly uncuffed in the backseat, even after he had been exonerated within the week, he hadn't given any thought to dating. His wife was dead and he only just then was being given room to breathe and to truly face a life without Helen. Somehow it all felt more real when he fell asleep in his own bed and ate breakfast at his kitchen counter alone than when he was sitting in a courtroom or being chained so he wouldn't run. Nothing about that damn year felt real. He had needed time to mourn Helen, once he'd finally avenged her, and the thing about having a murdered wife was that everyone let you have it. He had gone to work and mourned her. He had moved to a new place and mourned her. He had tried so hard to rekindle the friendships of those who had never believed him guilty and mourned her. It was hard to trust them. He had never trusted any of them half as much as he had Charlie and look how that had turned out. None of them had betrayed him like Charlie had. Kath and Bones had even helped him. But they didn't have a motive. What if they had, though? What if they'd been in Charlie's place? He couldn't know but that line of thinking would only drive him crazy. They had stood up to the US Marshals for his sake. It had to be enough. Two days ago, Kath was sitting in his office and accusing him of being outright un-Chicagoan. \"You're being ridiculous,\" he had accused her. He'd been born in Chicago. \"I should have known you'd be defensive,\" she had replied. \"It's just pizza.\" She had shaken her head disgustedly. \"The fact you can even say that…\" \"I'm a doctor. Don't expect me to consume that heart attack on a stick.\" She had raised an eyebrow at him. \"If you're eating pizza on a stick you aren't doing it right. And it's certainly not Chicago pizza.\" He had grinned at her. \"You know some people say-\" She had held up a hand to stop him. \"If you even say it's not pizza, I will not be held accountable for my actions.\" His smile had grown. \"Duly noted. But, you know, I didn't exactly have my choice of cuisine when I was in jail.\" She had levelled him with an unimpressed look that had made his heart soar. He hated it when people tiptoed around the hell his life had been for more than a year. He wasn't in a good place then or when he was first released but by this point being treated as though he was fragile only made him feel fragile. \"You've had a year to rectify that,\" she had said. \"And you told me you don't even remember the last time you had it.\" \"It's terrible for you,\" he had protested. \"I'm not suggesting you have it for every meal or eat an entire pizza by yourself,\" she had said. \"We need to fix this.\" He had crossed his arms and given her a challenging look. \"And what do you suggest?\" \"You, me, and a deep dish pizza.\" He had surprised himself then. \"How about Friday?\" And, just like that, he had a date. Neither of them had called it a date but they weren't teenagers. They knew. He had always liked Kath. She had such strength in her convictions. She was kind and so smart. She had been the second person to make him laugh after he'd been freed. And she had helped him realize the truth of Helen's death and Charlie's betrayal. A first date. He didn't know where this would lead but they were both professions and their friendship had withstood his conviction and his time as a fugitive. They'd survive a bad date. She was waiting outside when he pulled up and he hoped she hadn't been waiting too long. \"You look nice,\" he told her when she got into the passenger seat. It was nothing too fancy; they were just going to a pizza place. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"I'll have to let you know how you did once you get out of the car and I can see you better.\" \"Well now I'm feeling pressured,\" he joked. \"It's too late to change now.\" They pulled into the parking lot and there was a place pretty close. Of course, when they got closer they could see why. The minivan next to it had parked way over the line. \"I think I hate them.\" Kath nodded approvingly. \"As well you should. They are clearly a terrible human being.\" \"They have plenty of space on the other side,\" Richard complained. \"Do you think you can make it?\" He considered it. \"Possibly but I don't want to risk it.\" He drove past it and found a spot a little farther away. He got out of the car and caught Kath starting at him. \"What?\" \"You look nice, too.\" He smiled at that and they went into the restaurant. It was a little past prime dinnertime so they were waiting for less than ten minutes before they were shown to their table. They opened their menus and Richard found his eyes straying to the pasta. \"Richard, if you don't order pizza…\" Kath trailed off. He gave her a guilty smile. \"Deep dish?\" \"It's almost like you don't remember why we're here,\" she said despairingly. \"Why don't you just order?\" he suggested. She considered her own menu. \"How about spinach pizza? That sounds vaguely healthy. \"I'm pretty sure it doesn't.\" \"It's green, at least, and healthier than the one with everything on it. Take what you can get,\" Kath advised. Richard shrugged. \"Spinach it is. Can I at least get a salad?\" \"When did I become a food tyrant?\" Kath wondered aloud. \"Do I get some sort of food crown?\" Richard just smiled and when the waiter came he ordered his salad as well as the spinach pizza. \"So,\" Kath said. \"How is it so far?\" He laughed. \"We just ordered. It seems a bit premature to form an opinion already.\" She raised a skeptical eyebrow at him. \"Are you really telling me that you don't already have some thoughts?\" \"I might,\" he allowed. \"But what kind of scientist would I be if I released data prematurely?\" \"The kind that's opening himself up to a million lawsuits,\" Kath replied. She smiled at him. \"I've missed you, you know.\" He swallowed, a heaviness suddenly in his chest. \"Is this where I point out that I've been back for a year already?\" he finally managed to say. \"You have,\" she agreed. \"Though maybe not quite for a year.\" He knew what she meant. It took a month before he was feeling up to so much as small talk. \"And I don't know if I ever told you I missed you when you were gone,\" she continued. \"We had bigger problems when I saw you that first time and later…it just never seemed like the right time.\" \"I know you did,\" he said, swallowing again. \"I missed you, too.\" Someone brought his salad over and he perfunctorily thanked them, his eyes still on her. \"I used to trust the police,\" she confided. \"Maybe naïve of me but I did. I never thought this would happen. And when you were arrested, I never thought it'd end the way it did. Of course you didn't do it. Anyone could have told you that. And I was following the trial. And then…\" She shook her head. \"It's just too horrible.\" He reached down and briefly squeezed her hand. \"Well if you were naïve then I was worse. I didn't think I had anything to fear. I was innocent! I thought they'd find Sykes. I mean, there's only so many one-armed men. Them not being able to was all I was worried about. Gerard informed me that I should never have spoken to the police, even if I wasn't a suspect, without a lawyer present. And I should have had to team of experienced lawyers, not one old friend who didn't even specialize in homicide. And I should have focused less on finding Sykes and more on destroying the prosecution's case.\" \"Gerard,\" Kath repeated. \"That was that marshal, right? That seems a little…blunt.\" \"But not inaccurate. I'm going to ask his legal advice if I ever find myself in trouble again.\" She laughed. \"I bet he loved that.\" \"I actually did tell him that and he threatened to shoot at me again,\" Richard said. \"I'm about eighty-five percent sure he didn't mean it and that's not exactly a no.\" Kathy wordlessly shook her head. \"I made a lot of mistakes and I trusted the wrong people and I paid for it,\" he said seriously. \"But I trusted some of the right people, too.\" Kath looked down and smiled. \"I just wish I could have done more for you.\" \"I know. But I hated having to involve you as much as I did. If it didn't work…\" he trailed off. \"You didn't need that.\" She looked back up at him, steel in her eyes. \"Neither did you. And, unlike you, at least I had a choice about involving myself.\" \"I don't think of myself as an ex-con,\" Richard said suddenly. \"Is that strange?\" \"Well, you're not.\" \"I was convicted. I was in jail. I was supposed to be on Death Row. And now I'm not. That sounds pretty ex-con to me.\" \"You're missing the part where you were exonerated and we all know you didn't do it.\" \" Most people know,\" he corrected her. \"Kelly, for one, has never accepted that he was wrong.\" \"He'd be an idiot to try anything with you suing the city.\" \"That's true,\" he agreed. \"But God forbid I ever need the police in the future.\" \"They say once a con always a con,\" Kath said thoughtfully. \"But you already said you don't feel like one. And I haven't see you checking for escape routes or staring at that cop on the other side of the restaurant.\" That surprised him. \"There's a cop on the other side of the restaurant?\" Kath smiled. \"Well there you go.\" \"I never was very good at this whole murder thing,\" Richard said. \"I didn't kill Sykes or Charlie. And, for all it took them awhile to find me, I don't think I was a very good fugitive, either. I came home.\" \"I'm glad.\" \"Looking back, I still can't believe I managed to pull that off,\" Richard admitted. \"I didn't make that happen. The other prisoners tried something and the guard got hurt and the keys fell. There was a train and I had to get out of its path. Then Copeland unlocked me and what else could I do? But I never thought I'd have really pulled it off?\" \"I'm not surprised,\" Kath told him. \"You always were brilliant.\" \"Brilliant is one thing,\" he said. \"Proving what really happened when I didn't have any idea either…Well, I got lucky.\" \"People always got lucky, at least a little, when they succeed,\" she told him. \"Even something so simple as giving a speech, they're lucky they're not sick when they present.\" \"Or that the guy they framed for murder doesn't show up and ruin it,\" Richard added. She cocked her head. \"That, too.\" \"Even now, still dealing with the fallout of that whole mess, it doesn't feel real.\" \"Well it was,\" she said simply. \"And it's over.\" The pizza came then and they fell silent as the waiter set the pan on the table and put a piece on his place and one on hers. \"That was quick,\" Kath said approvingly. \"I'm used to it taking forty minutes.\" \"That's the benefit of eating late, I guess.\" Suddenly, he didn't want to talk about the past anymore. Kath understood, about as well as any friends could, but that wasn't the issue. He had only gone a whole day without thinking about what had happened a few weeks ago and then he had been rewarded by being so guilty he could think of nothing else the next day. It might have been easier to move on if he'd accepted some of the offers he'd gotten from hospitals on the East and West coasts. He almost had. They always said that was the thing to do after a traumatizing experience. Start fresh in a new location without all the memories and all the old faces who had known you before and weren't quite sure what to do with the new, damaged you. But Chicago was his home. It was where he had fallen in love with Helen. It was where he had built a life and where he had a million little pieces to slowly reassemble. Some of the pieces weren't as broken as he had thought. Chicago was his . He had fought for it and he was tired of running. Besides, while there could always be the odd person who didn't watch the news, in a new place he'd just be the doctor convicted of killing his wife until he had escaped and forced the world to see the truth. At least here, with the people he'd always known, he'd be Richard Kimble who had all that happen to him. He had done nothing wrong. Why should he allow ghosts to chase him away? \"So,\" he said, casting about for a topic. \"How 'bout them Cubs?\" How as that for un-Chicagoan? \"They're doing terrible,\" Kath replied. \"They're always doing terrible. Even when you think they're not, they're not winning the World Series so they're doing terrible.\" He chuckled. \"By that definition, every team but the one who wins is doing terrible. And technically no team won this year.\" Kath grumbled something about the player's strike. \"It is unfortunate that the last team who won was Canadian because I'm not even sure why they're in a national baseball league.\" \"They won in '92, too,\" he said helpfully. She narrowed her eyes at him. \"Thank you for that.\" Richard just smiled innocently at her. \"You can't tell who will win the World Series until the season is over.\" \"You can usually tell who's going to the playoffs pretty early on,\" she said. \"And until then you go by who did good last year.\" \"So anyone but those four teams are doing terribly?\" Richard asked. \"I think you may need to revisit your definition of 'terrible.'\" \"Terrible: haven't won the World Series since 1908,\" Kath said smugly. He groaned. \"I keep thinking it's only been since 1917.\" \"No, that was the White Sox.\" \"Careful, Kath,\" he said. \"I'm starting to wonder if you're the un-Chicagoan one. Maybe you just accused me so that no one will suspect you.\" \"Hey, I love the Cubs. I think the White Sox are the worst team in the country. What's more Chicagoan than that?\" she asked. I don't think any of the millions of Sox fans out there would agree with you.\" Kath just shook her head. \"The day I concern myself with what a White Sox fan thinks…\" He laughed. \"I wouldn't go that far.\" She nodded. \"And that is why your Chicago card is currently under review and mine is not. Well, that and the pizza.\" He blinked at her. \"My…what? Chicago card?\" \"Doesn't even know about Chicago cads,\" Kath said despairingly, clicking her tongue. \"I'm pretty sure you made that up.\" She crossed her arms and smiled at him. \"But are you one hundred percent sure?\" \"As a scientist, I am never one hundred percent certain of anything.\" Her smile widened. \"Good answer.\" After a few minute, she said. \"So?\" \"So?\" he repeated blankly. \"How's the pizza?\" \"Oh.\" He took another bite and closed his eyes, thinking about it. \"It's fine.\" The look on her face made him smile. \"Fine?\" He nodded. \"Yeah, it's really fine.\" \"You're going to have to give me more than that,\" she said flatly. \"Well it certainly is pizza,\" he said. \"You are doing this on purpose,\" she accused. He put on his best innocent expression. \"Answering your questions about my pizza opinion? Well, yeah, of course I'm doing that on purpose.\" \"Richard…\" He took pity on her. \"It's better than I thought it'd be. But every bite makes me feel like I'm inching my way towards a heart attack.\" \"You and your heart attacks,\" she said, leaning over and patting his arm. \"There there.\" He made a face. \"I don't think I'll be making this a regular part of my diet or anything but it's pretty good. And, uh, if you're looking for anything more then you're out of luck. I'm not exactly a food critic.\" \"No but you'll do.\" He smiled at that. \"So are we going to be really cliché and talk about work?\" She shrugged. \"I don't see why not. I mean, our lives are our work. And it's not like we're following any rules of decorum here. We already got into your criminal background.\" He laughed. \"Ah, but isn't that the kind of thing you'd want to know about a person?\" \"I already knew that about you,\" she pointed out. \"Then I guess it's not a breach of protocol to mention it,\" Richard said. She bit her lip. \"I'm not sure that that's true.\" \"But enough about me,\" he said. \"Do you have a criminal background?\" She looked up and tapped her chin. \"I guess that depends on what you mean by criminal background.\" Richard leaned forward. \"Oh, this sounds good.\" \"Well it's not framed due to a multi-million dollar corporate conspiracy interesting,\" she said. \"Interesting,\" he repeated. \"Yea, I guess that's one word for it. But I still want to hear it.\" \"I've gotten a few parking tickets,\" Kath began. \"This is not interesting.\" She rolled her eyes. \"I'm getting there. But keep in mind, this isn't the kind of thing I want to get out\" He held up three fingers. \"Scout's honor.\" \"Were you actually a boy scout?\" He looked affronted. \"I'll have you know I was an eagle.\" She put her hand under her chin. \"You believe you were an eagle? Tell me more about that.\" \"I think you're a little outside your competency there, Dr. Wahlund,\" he said. \"Seek help,\" she advised. \"Learn something about the boy scouts,\" he countered. \"I like cookies better than popcorn.\" \"Tell me about your interesting legal issues,\" he said. \"It was literally the night before I was leaving for med school,\" she told him. \"I was with a few friends from college, all high achievers. There was another future med student, a future lawyer, a future librarian, and someone who was going to be a psychologist.\" He nodded. \"Very intellectual. I can't wait to hear what you got up to.\" \"It was stupid.\" \"It usually is,\" he agreed. \"We had some mushrooms. We were just sitting in a parking lot and I guess a cop got suspicious. He found the drugs and he had grounds to arrest us.\" Richard's eyes widened in horror. \"Kath…\" \"I know,\" she said, sighing. \"I still can't believe I was so reckless! But he was a good guy. He found out we were going off to school and were all going to have great futures. He knew this would ruin all of that. So he let us off with a warning.\" He let out a long, low whistle. \"I don't do drugs anymore, of course,\" she hastened to assure him. \"And I didn't really back then. It was just…it was stupid and I got lucky.\" \"No wonder you used to trust cops.\" \"I'll always be grateful to him but, as I got older, I started to wonder about even that,\" she said. \"What do you mean?\" \"What if I wasn't a good little white girl? What if I was a high school dropout instead of a future doctor? I mean, maybe then I wouldn't have a school to reject me but what about another job? What about the consequences of an actual criminal record? What about basic fairness?\" \"I don't know,\" Richard said. \"Being a rich doctor never seemed to help in my case. It just meant people heard of me and knew what I looked like even before I made the papers for escaping. And it meant I was framed for a corporate cover-up.\" \"That is true,\" she said. \"But if it had been a random burglar or something, you'd never have found them.\" \"Maybe he would have let you go regardless,\" Richard offered. \"Maybe it was because you were just kids.\" \"Maybe,\" Kath said thoughtfully. \"But even then, does the fact I was twenty-two mean that I didn't know what I was doing as much as a forty-year-old would have? But it's really not about that cop. He saved me, you know, and definitely scared me straight. It's just that on an institutional level, I'm painfully aware that some other person without all my advantages wouldn't be so lucky.\" \"You're such a reformer, Kath.\" She raised an eyebrow at him. \"Is that a problem, Richard?\" \"Not at all,\" he replied. \"God knows this world needs more reformers. I'm just kicking myself for not talking to you more when I needed it.\" She smiled. \"You should have but as I told the marshals, not your style.\" \"My style is terrible.\" \"Under your definition of the word or mine?\" \"Both,\" he said. \"Ah, don't feel so bad. You still got your justice eventually.\" \"I was mostly looking for vengeance.\" \"Justice is vengeance with less murder and more righteousness,\" she informed him. He shook his head. \"You have such an interesting way of looking at the world, Kath.\" \"I've always thought so.\" They didn't get dessert, on the grounds that Richard thought it really might kill him, and Kath laughed at his reaction to the new car parked on the driver's side parking way too close and making it tricky to get in. Soon enough, they were standing in front of her building. \"I'm glad I came tonight,\" he told her. She smiled at him. \"Of course you are. That pizza was wonderful.\" \"I'm going to just let that slide.\" \"I'm glad I came, too, Richard,\" she said. He loved the way she said his name. They stood there smiling at each other for a moment. Richard wondered if he should go for it. HE didn't want to overthink it but he didn't want to misread it either. Before he could make up his mind, she moved and her lips were on his. It had been two years since his last kiss and twenty-one since his last first kiss but, in his slightly amateur opinion, this was a good one. She was still smiling when she pulled back. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Richard.\" He nodded. \"Yeah. And we'll have to do this again sometime.\" \"Oh, definitely,\" she agreed. I have a whole host of other activities to try to prove you're a real Chicagoan.\" \"As I keep telling you, I've lived here my whole life.\" \"Don't coast, Richard. You're better than that.\" \"Thanks,\" he said. \"I think. So…activities. Like a White Sox game?\" She gave him a look. \"You are so lucky I found you. You really need the help.\" He laughed and watched her disappear back into her apartment. So that was a first date. It was nice but something told him he didn't want to have another one, not for quite some time. ","Summary":" First date. He was going on a first date. He hadn't been on a first date in twenty-one years. Halfw"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Legend","Author":"fiesa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9037176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Legend Summary: Total Recall. On the things legends are made of. One-Shot. Warning: - Set: Story-unrelated/post-story. Go watch the movie anyway, if you haven't yet seen it… It's brilliant. Disclaimer: Standards apply. One man. What can one man do he thinks as he carefully plants each bomb. Programs the timer. Continues on. Fifteen Minutes. How can one man fight to save the entire world? He has no special powers, no greater good to cement his claim. He does not even know who exactly he is, even less who he wants to be. But all that matters right now is that there is something to save. Something to prove. And something to protect – someone to protect – and he finds it suddenly matters more than anything else ever did before. One man against the world. The odds? To hell with them. \"What made you make up your mind?\" She whispers the question, like she is afraid to ask. Perhaps she is. The softness of her hands and the warmth of her body so close to him – not touching, just barely brushing his – stop him from falling into the spiraling memories that haunt him until this day. A shudder runs down his spine, nevertheless. \"When?\" He knows exactly when and she knows he knows, too. She still does not touch him. This is too new – too strange, despite their history that lingers all around them like the scent of flowers lingers in her hair. It is only when he extends his hand that she takes his, that their bodies melt against each other like they have been waiting for them to make up their mind and yet known all along that this was right. \"When you decided to trust me.\" He cannot say that he hasn't thought about it at all. But there has been little time to think, nevertheless. \"I'm not sure.\" She blinks at him. \"Gut instinct?\" \"Hmmm.\" It's not what she wants to hear. It's not exactly what he wants to say, either. He tries again. \"What Harry – that man – said… It didn't sound right. I thought… I… All these men that were trying to kill me… And Lanie…\" Her hand loosens its grip. He holds her tighter. \"You said you would kill me. But you couldn't. Somehow I knew…\" He never finishes the sentence. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up… Not Melina. His body reacts, even though his mind still processes the implications of what his eyes see. The hand that touches his so lovingly is soft and unscarred. \"… The hell?\" \"It's politics, Hauser.\" \"It's ridiculous.\" \"It's politics.\" Sighting, he gives up, lifts his eyes. Melina wears the smile he heard in her words on her face, in her eyes. She is beautiful. \"They want me to run for president?\" His words carry the underlying disbelief. Me, the spy? Me, the double agent? Me, the traitor? \"They want you.\" You, the hero. \"I don't want to.\" \"Those who don't want power are the best to be chosen to carry it.\" What are legends made of? Legends are made of fire and stone, of blood and tears. Legends grow from battles and treaties, from death and life. Legends are what save men and planets. Legends are what makes people go on when there is nothing else. Legends are made of heroes. That's what makes them impossible. \"Mr. Hauser, you worked for the Federation?\" \"That is correct.\" \"What prompted you to change sides?\" \"You mean, would I betray the Colonies in the same way I betrayed the Federation?\" Outch. Melina wouldn't be happy. He was ruining this. The interviewer held the embarrassing silence. He shifted in his seat uncomfortably, his hand scratching his head. Fact was that he was tired and irritated, his suit was scratchy and stiff, he was thirsty and itchy and wanted nothing as much as to go home. He was a soldier, damn, not a politician. Taking a deep breath, he leaned back, trying to appear calmer than he was. \"I apologize, Mr. Jarvis. I am a soldier. I speak my mind. It is true that I was a spy for the Federation once. But…\" His but hangs in the air. He feels the atmosphere lose tension rapidly. Melina was right. \"But you proved your loyalty.\" They think I'm a hero because I killed that man. He is a killer, nothing more. But there's a tiny voice in the back of his mind, whispering with her voice. A legend. \"I miss you.\" Tangled sheets are wrapped around his legs when he wakes. He claws his way up towards consciousness, fights for breath. The whispered words seem to hang in the air so long for half an eternity he isn't sure whether he has spoken them out loud or they still are part of his nightmare, When she tenses, he realizes he has spoken out loud. Dark eyes burn into him with an intensity that makes him shiver. For the first time he realizes there is hurt in them, too. She knows him too well. \"Miss whom?\" She knows the answer to this, too. He sighs. Hesitates. Rubs his forehead. The night air blowing through the window is cool, caressing his heated skin like a lover. The lights of the city blot out the stars. How long has it been since he has last seen them? Forever. Tension hasn't left her body as she stares at him in the illuminated darkness of a bedroom. Valiantly as she tries, hurt still simmers on her face. Unlike starlight, it can't be blotted out by the darkness inside the room. \"She tried to kill you.\" He almost laughs. \"Right.\" Sobers again. Pushes himself up unto his elbows to face her. \"You tried to, too.\" The hurt does not disappear. He reaches out, draws her in. Wraps his arms around her until her stiff body yields and melts against his: warm, soft. Perfect. \"Please don't leave.\" Her heart beats steadily against his. Her hurt mingles with his fear, ebbs off into something almost endurable. Just barely. In the morning she smiles and leaves and he grins and leaves, as well. Oh and how perfectly messed up we are. They melt together every night and are torn apart in the morning and sometimes they break at night, as well. Despite being one of three candidates running for presidency, he is elected the First President of the Free Colonies with more than eighty percent. Despite his history. Despite his refusal to wear suits and to stand still for the press. \"We should celebrate.\" \"I think it's more a cause for mourning.\" She glares at him. Four years. Four big and four small goals. \"What will come next, what do you think?\" \"What do you want to do next?\" She thinks about it. \"I don't know. Found a kinder garden for war orphans. Rebuild Skyline Park. Tear down the Fall. Open a Shopping Mall. Find a good way to govern a new state. Subsidize new hospitals. Go out, watch a movie, have a burger.\" There is something more she decides not say now, but her eyes sing as she looks at him. He smiles. \"Let's start with the burger. I'm not sure the movie theaters are open yet.\" Her hand in his feels warm, and he thinks - for the first time - that perhaps everything will be fine, someday. One man. What can one man do? Not even with the powers imbued to him by the people he is powerful enough to change the world within a few years. He is nothing special, just a man trained very well in the art of killing and fighting. A warrior. Warriors don't make it into books, don't write history. Warriors fight and die. And warriors are only men, too, nothing more. It doesn't matter , he hears Melina's voice. It doesn't matter you're just a man. After all, legends are made of men. ","Summary":" Legend Summary: Total Recall. On the things legends are made of. One-Shot. Warning: - Set: Story-un"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Infestation","Author":"Ferngirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11649507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was an assignment for class this semester, to write a ghost chapter based on one of our readings. So, this is not actually based off of the movie Total Recall. But it is based off of the short story, We Can Remember it for you Wholesale , and this is where the movie Total Recall came from. This is an experience Douglas had as a child. Infestation Douglas shuffled down the dirt road, his bare feet scuffing in the dust. The sunset illuminated the fields and scattered trees so they glowed like embers. Every now and then Douglas sniffled, and rubbed his eyes. They felt dried out and raw from crying. In town, a ground vehicle had hit a dog. Douglas ran up to find the creature propped on its belly with a hind leg stretched out behind it. It whimpered as Douglas cried for help. He sat with the miserable animal, petting its head. No one came to claim the dog, but a vet showed up to take the animal away, and hopefully fix it. That was when Douglas realized that he'd been crying the entire time. Now, walking home, he couldn't get his mind off the poor little dog. How it had sat so still, looking up at him, as though asking why it hurt so much. How its leg had looked squashed. Would it be okay? His mind was so occupied that he didn't at first notice the strange sound - like flickering electricity. Frowning, Douglas looked up at the sky, streaked with lavender and apricot from the setting sun. And his head jerked to the side as he saw movement. Something black was outlined against the heavens. It looked like Saturn: a big floating orb with a ring around its center. But that didn't make any sense. Why would Saturn be floating above him? And it wasn't a flying vehicle either. At least, it wasn't like any he had ever seen before. It made that strange static noise as it spun across the sky. Douglas glanced around, wanting to find someone to ask, but there was no one around. Douglas stood, his hands falling limp to his sides as the thing passed in front of him, circled, and began to descend. It came to rest on a rise next to the road. When it touched the ground, it wobbled back and forth on its rounded bottom until it stabilized and stood upright. Though it looked like it should have rolled down the slope. It was about as big as the vehicle that had hit the dog. And Douglas knew immediately that it was a space ship. Though not a human one. Aliens! What little boy doesn't think of meeting aliens? But now that he was standing here, alone, he wasn't quite sure what to do. At least he didn't need to make the first move. The spaceship gave a low whoooosh sound and squeaked slightly as a hatch near the bottom opened and revealed an illuminated doorway. Douglas squinted, putting a hand in front of his face and peering through his fingers. There was a creature in the doorway. It looked something like a mouse. Or maybe a sparrow. Its head bobbed side to side, much like a bird's head might. There was something sharp about its features, unlike any mouse or sparrow Douglas had ever seen. Then without warning, it sprang out of the doorway and scampered down the rise toward Douglas. He took a startled step back as the creature sprang once more and landed before him. The daylight was fading, but Douglas could see the alien better. The strange sharp qualities had disappeared now that it was out of the spaceship's light. It did look oddly like a mouse, though its ears were more like feathery antenna, and his head was too long. It seemed to be wearing some sort of belt with tiny equipment strapped to it. It unhooked what looked like a very large sewing needle. You are awfully still, the alien mouse said. \"What?\" Douglas didn't see the mouse's mouth move, but he had certainly heard it speak. Do you dare to challenge me? The mouse asked. \"Challenge you to what?\" The mouse tilted its head, bobbing it back and forth like a bird. Behind it, Douglas saw other mice creatures hopping out of the space ship and bounding off in different directions. Challenge me for your planet. \"I don't understand what you mean. You're challenging the planet? Why?\" The mouse studied him for a few more seconds. Then he sighed and replaced the needle on his back. Ah, I see. You are a Young Thing. Well then, I'll put this simply. We are here to take control of this planet. \"Earth?\" If that's what you call it. There are countless other ships coming to land. Tens of thousands. \"But why? You want to hurt us? What did we ever do to you?\" The tilted its head back, as though looking down on Douglas, though he was no higher than the boy's ankle. Let me ask you something. If your people landed on our planet, what would they do? They took over Mars pretty fast. Would they stomp us? After all, what good are we? Small, and harmless, right? Not so. We invade so that none will hit us first. A preemptive strike. \"Wait,\" Douglas said, his mouth hanging open from this dialog. \"You're picking on us because you're afraid that we'll come and pick on you first?\" Creatures like you don't appreciate what is small. But let me ask you this. What would you do if there were millions of us? Because of our size, we can go anywhere. We can climb through windows and vents, under doors, into your electricity grids, food storage, and bedrooms. Douglas swallowed as he imagined dozens of them swarming his room. \"I believe you.\" The mouse hopped back and forth. Good. So, tell me. What are you going to do about it? Will you fetch a branch from that tree and try to crush our ship? Or maybe you will simply try to crush us with your large, flat feet. Eventually every species tries some uncoordinated attempt at crushing. \"But I don't want to crush you,\" Douglas said. \"I already saw something get crushed today, and I think it's terrible. If you're afraid, I can look after you. Since I'm big, I can make people not crush you.\" He mouse alien chattered, hopping even faster, back and forth, back and forth. You think we need you to protect us? You weren't listening at all, were you? Don't underestimate us because we're small! You're just like all the others. \"But that's not what I meant,\" Douglas said. \"I just meant, maybe, that if you had a friend, people wouldn't think to be mean to you.\" The mouse hopped so high that it came to eye level with Douglas. Hold out your hand, Young Thing. Douglas cupped his hands and held them out. The mouse bounded into the air and landed on the makeshift platform. There. Now I can see you closer. His head began to weave around again as he examined the boy's face. Hmmmm. \"What?\" Douglas asked. Hmmmmm. Well, I suppose it won't hurt to wait. \"Wait?\" Yes, wait. No other creature has reacted the way you just did. With… kindness, perhaps. So I will try an experiment with this kindness. I won't invade your Earth, not as long as you're alive. That way you won't have to suffer from our invasion. He leapt from Douglas's hand and alighted on the dirt road. He released a series of chitters, and the other mice aliens appeared, returning from wherever they had hopped off to. \"Wait a minute,\" Douglas called as the mice hopped in through the spaceship doorway. \"Does that mean that if I die, you'll come and take over the Earth?\" There was no reply. The mice continued to board their ship. \"But that's not fair!\" Douglas cried. \"I can't live forever! I don't want you to destroy the planet!\" He took a few steps toward the ship, squinting in the light of the open doorway. It was hard to see anything, because of the darkening night, and the blinding hatch. As he took another step, something snagged his foot and sent him sprawling in the dust. Farewell, Young Thing. Live your life well. He sat up, coughing and saw a small bundle in front of him. The last mouse was standing in the doorway of the spaceship, silhouetted in the light. The same mouse he'd been speaking to. A gift for you, he said, gesturing to the bundle on the ground. It will be interesting to see how you make use of it. \"Please wait,\" Douglas said, pushing himself to his knees. \"If you come back, could you maybe look for someone else? I'm not the only person who would be nice to you, I know it. So, please find someone after me.\" The silhouette of the mouse examined him for a few minutes, and then its head seemed to give a small nod. Then he turned and bounded into the ship, the door sliding up to seal behind him. The static sound buzzed to life and the entire thing rose into the air. We will see, Young Thing, rang out the voice of the tiny invader. The spaceship was an inky blot against the deepening blue sky. We shall see next time whether compassion is truly present in the people of this planet. It's probably better if you never speak of this. Or perhaps you should forget completely. The ship darted away, and Douglas watched it fade into the dark skies of night. ","Summary":" This was an assignment for class this semester, to write a ghost chapter based on one of our readin"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Sweet dreams","Author":"Blizdal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10673518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sweet dreams . One soldiers injects him and the other tells him to Fight as much as possible. It hurts more that way. Shortly after, they all lay dead. Carl Hauser doesn't like assholes. Maybe because he is one. */*/* He comes for her and frees her and she thinks Thank God and he got away before they could change him back . She kisses him, relieved and grateful, and they run. Afterwards, when Cohaagen is dead and the ambulance surrounds them, she leans her forehead to his and is happy happy happy . */*/* Months later, she sees him exchange significant looks with a man across the street and thinks nothing of it. It is only normal. After all, she doesn't know every person he has ever met. */*/* She looks into his eyes every day, trying to see the man she loves. She has to make sure that he is her Hauser and not the other one. She finds him, every single time. He notices, but only raises an eyebrow and doesn't say anything. Sometimes he smiles softly, indulgently, when he catches her. She goes to him, like a moth to a flame. */*/* She will burn. */*/* He goes to the store and it takes him a long time to return. There is mud on his shoes (and asphalt on the street). */*/* Sometimes she wonders how much he actually remembers. She knows it is more than just the night he was captured, the one he had told her he had dreamed about as Doug. They don't talk about it, but she sees it in the way he acts. Doug became a shadow. She misses him from time to time. He was earnest then, and frightened the way he never is now. */*/* There is a note in his pocket with the words the sun is rising written on it. She wonders about it. She doesn't recognize the handwriting. She wants to ask Carl about it but when he walks in and sees her holding it he doesn't seem flustered or surprised. There is no alarm in his eyes, no attempt to justify or hide, just a smile and- \"Hello, there you are.\" */*/* She fears he will wake up one day and have no memory of her at all. Not even a vivid dream. She is afraid it will be the old Hauser that greats her. Or maybe he will not great her at all. Maybe he will kill her while she sleeps. Maybe it will be Douglas that looks out from his eyes, confused, frightened and searching for her . Maybe he will just stop one day, his mind broken, and never start moving again. */*/* Perhaps, one day she will open her eyes and realize that nothing was real; not the UFB, not the Colony, nor the Resistance; that there is no old or new Hauser, that there is no Doug, just an image in her mind. She will wake up in a world where he doesn't exist at all. */*/* The cold blade of a knife touching her throat wakes her up. She freezes before she catches Hauser's eyes. She relaxes then, despite the knife and he smiles that same, soft smile. Her blood freezes and doesn't thaw when he removes the knife. \"It worked.\" She states, horrified, suddenly understanding, and he glances at her before getting up. \"You're the old Hauser. Cohaagen succeeded after all.\" Her voice is bleak. He shrugs \"I am Hauser.\" She flinches when she sees the coldness creep into his eyes. She realizes that she has never really met this Hauser before. He was undercover when they met, and changed for the better when he revealed who he was to the Resistance. She never realized that Cohaagen succeeded in rebooting his mind. She consoles herself with the fact that Hauser was the best for a reason. She mourns and waits and remembers the way Douglas killed Harry, quickly and efficiently and bang , he was gone. She hears him move and is too numb to cry this time. \"Why pretend?\" She asks quickly, desperately, the only thing she wants to know before she dies. \"I had a mission to infiltrate the Resistance.\" \"But-\" \"It's not like I had any memories of already having done it.\" She understands then, and feels stupid for asking. \"I had Doug's memories, of course, but the procedure was freshly done and my mind needed time to assimilate them all. It was a right jumble at the time.\" \"And when you realized what was going on? Why am I still alive? Cohaagen said you were loyal and a patriot.\" And ruthless, she doesn't say. \"Cohaagen was an asshole, and I never liked him anyway. But he was right, I am a patriot.\" \"But you're not loyal.\" \"I am when it is deserved.\" \"And I don't deserve it?\" She grounds out, starting to get angry. \"Why do you think I'm telling you all this?\" \"For sadistic pleasure.\" \"I am not a sadist.\" She believes him. It is a problem. She always does. She reaches out to him, and when her hand touches his arm, she looks up into his eyes and sees him- just like every other time -and it burns, like thousand suns, when he smiles. */*/* \"Do you know who that man is, Melina?\" \"I do.\" \"I doubt it. If you knew you would never be with him.\" \"I know he was Cohaagen's agent.\" \"He was the worst .\" \"I heard he was the best.\" \"He was the best for them. To be the best you have to be the worst. And he was the worst, to us. \" Her friend rubs his wrist unconsciously. There are scars there. She has seen them before. It is different seeing them now, knowing who put them there. Her stomach rolls. \"We've all done terrible things.\" \" He is the worst. He will betray us all. \" \"We are not fighting anymore. We have won.\" \"Do you really think that the war is over?\" She looks at him, stricken. \"The UFB still needs more land and the Colony still has it.\" \"Carl is one of us now.\" She persists. \"Matthias-\" \"- is dead. And who is the one responsible for that?\" There is hate in his eyes, awful and immense, but it is nowhere near as big as the fear it hides behind when Carl comes to stand by her side. Hauser doesn't seem to have recognized him and she wonders, in that moment of calmness before horror sets in, just how many he must have tortured before all the faces started to blend in. */*/* She refuses to contemplate his kill count. (She refuses to contemplate her own) */*/* He runs into someone and instead of saying Sorry whispers Sweet dreams , and it is obviously a code for something. Rekall, is her first association. She knows it's not dreaming that goes on in there, but that's how people refer to it afterwards. What did you dream? She looks up at him, when the woman leaves, quickly hiding herself in the crowd. Anger threatens to overwhelm her but she viciously wrestles it down and thinks . This is not the first time she has seen him do something suspicious. There was a power vacuum left after Cohaagen died. Hauser is a legend in certain circles and not everyone hates him, jealously, like Lori. He's been very friendly with the members of the Resistance. \"What are you doing?\" She asks, hoarsely, betrayed. \"I'm with the Resistance.\" She says, for the first time in a while using the present tense. There was no need for it before. \"I know.\" He says, calmly. ' I can't lose him again.' She thinks, and imagines the thought as a whisper, treacherously slithering through her mind, wrapping itself around all the other thoughts and keeping them down. She tries to blink away the sting in her eyes. Some people grumble as they go around them, for blocking the way. It's a busy street and a busy time of day. She ignores them and thinks about what she can live with and what she can't live with. She thinks about the bullet she didn't put in his head and about the one he didn't put in hers; about knives and burning smiles and whatever happens, she takes his hand- he caresses the scar on her palm -and heartbroken says \"All right.\" */*/* Fortunately, Carl Hauser was never an ambitious man. He doesn't admit it to Melina, but he still dreams of her falling, and his memory may be spotty in places but he remembers how it felt when she slipped through his fingers. Sweet dreams means go to sleep, goodbye, cease or you die. He likes the life he has now. */*/* The End ","Summary":" Sweet dreams . One soldiers injects him and the other tells him to Fight as much as possible. It hu"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"One Day At A Time","Author":"TML9115","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9872672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Day At A Time AN: I have seen this movie 20 or more times in the last week… so of course a story came out of it…and I own nothing! My name is Douglas Quaid, I was born on August 29th, a factory worker from the colony, married to my childhood love. When had my life fallen apart? What was real anymore? My life as I knew it was a lie, a memory, a figment of my imagination, a lie implanted to keep an eye on me. My friends, or as I believed they were, were nothing more than babysitters, assigned to watch me and steer me from my past. My wife of 7 years, Lori, killed by my own hands, the same hands that killed my friend Harry. I look down at my hands, the scar in the center of my palm screams at me. The same scar mirrored on Melina's palm. Melina, the woman Hauser had fallen in love with, the woman who had convinced him to fight for the resistance. The same woman who convinced me to fight. I look over to the corner of the room where she is resting, her back to me. I look away when she moves not wanting to get caught staring. I look back when I'm sure she's still asleep. I move closer watching her face as she sleeps, the crease in her brow giving away the restless sleep. She moves again shaking her head. I wonder what it is she's dreaming of. As I continued to watch I became angry with myself, this whole time I had been having a pity party, like I had been the only one affected by all this, not once had I thought about how she felt and what she was going through. The whimper draws my attention. I look down to find a pained expression on her face. I grow angrier at myself. How could I be so blind? So selfish? From what she's told me we were/are an item. She lost me not knowing whether I was dead, only to find me with no memory of her and married to another woman. I spent so much time feeling sorry for myself while she had the person she loved taken away from her. Hauser was so close to her but so out of reach. Another whimper interrupts my thoughts. I didn't want to wake her. I wasn't ready to deal with the emotions I was fighting. I know I care for her, I know he loved her. I know he loved her enough that she penetrated my dreams even when I had no memory of my old life, but I was not him. Would she expect everything of me as she did him? My decision to wake her was made for me when she let out a pained cry. A single tear running down her face. It pained me to see her like this. I move closer placing a hand on her shoulder. \"Melina you need to wake up.\" She tenses up at my touch. I shake her harder. \"Melina you need to wake up.\" I say louder this time. Her eyes shot open as her arms shot up to protect herself. I couldn't help the hurt I felt at this. Was she protecting herself from me? Could I blame her? There was pain and confusion in her eyes. In that moment, I knew, loving her would not be difficult, after all a part of me already did. All I wanted was to take the pain I was witnessing. \"Doug?\" she questioned slowly. She had made an effort to make this easy on me no matter how hard and painful it was for her. \"I thought…I thought they'd changed you back.\" She shook her head to clear her thoughts. \"It's Hauser.\" I let the words sink in. Realization hitting her slowly, she relaxed her arms and sat up. \"Bad dream?\" I didn't need to ask, her whimpers had already told me it was. She nodded playing with the scar on her hand. The scar that connected us. \"Cohaagen managed to implant the old Hauser back, the loyal and ruthless one, he was sent in to get a confession.\" Her voice dropped, I didn't need for her to continue, I knew what had happened next. I reached to cup her face slowly, when she didn't move away I kissed her forehead slowly, gently pulling her into my arms. She held on to me tightly sighing into my chest. \"I've missed you.\" She squeezed tighter. \"I know things are different now, I'm just glad you're okay.\" She was right, things were different. \"One day at a time.\" I offer. I wasn't ready to make promises. I didn't want to get her hopes up and disappoint her. She nodded a large smile on her face. \"One day at a time.\" My name is Carl Hauser, I was born on April 29th, an intelligence agent gone traitor fighting for the resistance for the love of this woman. AN: I hope you enjoyed…. ","Summary":" One Day At A Time AN: I have seen this movie 20 or more times in the last week… so of course a stor"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Dos países, un solo hombre","Author":"TheLadyOfYourDreams","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9118319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 -Despierta - casi chillé - Llegaran pronto. Hauser intentó incorporarse, pero cayó al suelo con torpeza. Me agaché para levantarlo por los brazos. -¿Dónde estoy? - gimió él. -Veo que te la han jugado. ¡Qué cabrones! Antes de que Hauser pudiera hablar, una bala atravesó el cristal y lo rompió en pedazos. Le sujeté de la mano con fuerza y saqué mi pistola. -Tenemos que irnos antes de que nos alcancen – le avisé sacando otra pistola. Él la cogió rápidamente, comprobó si estaba cargada y tiró de mi mano para huir por una de las puertas traseras de la agencia federal de los británicos. Nos adentramos en un pasillo oscuro, ruidoso y húmedo. No nos importó que el mugriento olor húmedo del lugar nos chocara contra la nariz y nos asqueara, nuestro único objetivo era salir de allí con vida. Se escucharon abrirse y cerrarse varias puertas a lo lejos, pero no nos detuvimos. Hauser se paró en vilo y me tomó por los brazos. -Tienes que irte – dijo con ansiedad. -No, no te dejaré aquí solo. -Hazlo por mi, por favor – me rogó sin dejar de mirar hacía detrás -. Están llegando. -No, no. Si he de morir que sea contigo. -¡Vete, vamos, ya! - casi me empujó. Sentí dentro de mi un intenso dolor, concretamente en el corazón. -No voy a dejar que te maten. -No me matarán, estaré bien – me miró fijamente a los ojos, ya húmedos -. Te quiero. Agaché la mirada, él me agarró la barbilla con suavidad y me la levantó para mirarme a los ojos. De repente, pude ver a lo lejos a unas luces rojas acercarse a nosotros lentamente. Cogí la mano de Hauser y empecé a correr en dirección contraria. Él dejó que me quedara, supongo que fué porque sabía muy bien que sin él no podría vivir. Vi la puerta de salida. Estábamos prácticamente fuera del recinto cuando, de repente, un helicóptero aparcó delante de nosotros con torpeza. Hauser alzó la pistola y miró fijamente al conductor. Era nuestro piloto. -¡Vamos, subir, no hay tiempo! - gritó el hombre sacando la cabeza por la ventanilla. Hauser abrió la puerta trasera del helicóptero, dejó que entrara yo primero y entró cuando el helicóptero descendió del tejado. Los agentes británicos salieron uno por uno por la misma puerta que nosotros, luego nos miraron fijamente y alzaron sus armas dispuestos a dispararnos. Agarré con fuerza la mano de Hauser, que descansaba sobre su pierna. -¿Nos alcanzan? - preguntó Hauser con ansiedad. -No, estamos fuera de su alcance – respondió el piloto con indiferencia -. Aun que no lo parezcan y por muy potentes que sean, esas armas solo penetran con profundidad a distancia de 100 metros. Y nosotros estamos a 120. -Por los pelos – musitó él. Por los pelos , pensé, pero no me refería a la distancia de tiro. Me refería a lo poco que había estado de perderle para siempre. Solo de imaginar que le hubiera echo caso cuando me decía que le dejara allí solo, de ser así él estaría muerto. Un escalofrío recorrió mi espalda. Recordé la primera vez que le vi. Fué en el gimnasio; Levantaba dos pesas de cuatro kilos en cada brazo, y me resultaba extremadamente atractivo. Luego nuestros ojos se cruzaron y yo retiré la vista y me dispuse a ejercitar las piernas. Pero entonces era él el que me miraba. Yo me percataba, por supuesto y me ruborizaba con constancia. Después de hacer ejercicio me acerqué a él para preguntarle porque me miraba, pero me pareció una mala idea decirle eso si yo le había estado mirando primero. Así que charlemos, parecía tímido, y no dejaba de mirarme con sus preciosos ojos castaños oscuro y con su media sonrisa divertida. Después de eso le empecé a llamar, y él me llamaba a mi. Hasta que me enteré de que pertenecía a la unión federal Británica. Después de esto no fuí capaz de acercarme a él, porque temía que simplemente quisiera conseguir información. Yo pertenecía a la Federación Australiana de la Colonia. Luego Hauser cambió de idea. Le hice cambiar de idea. No podía soportarlo cuando hablaba con la boca llena de orgullo de la federación Británica, de la agencia secreta concretamente. Así que dejamos de vernos durante un mes, y luego volvió a llamarme, arrepentido. Decía que había descubierto algo, que yo tenía razón sobre los Británicos. Hauser había descubierto que los Británicos planteaban atentar contra la Colonia por puro placer, y por ganar terreno. Luego él les delató uniéndose a la federación de mi padre. Cuando Coohagen se enteró de ello, mandó buscarle. Y lo encontró en un descuido suyo. Por suerte, mi padre había mandado refuerzos al recibir mi mensaje de ayuda y el helicóptero nos había salvado la vida. Llegamos a la Colonia antes de lo previsto. Tardamos dos horas, pero apenas me dormí. Bajé del helicóptero tropezando con una de las escaleras. Me agarré a la espalda de Hauser y él gimió, notablemente cansado. Cuando entramos por la puerta del despacho, vi el rostro oscurecido y preocupado de mi padre. Se levantó rápidamente y nos miró por turnos. -Me alegro de que estéis bien – me miró a mi mientras hablaba -. Pero ¿Qué ha pasado? -Coohagen nos ha tendido una emboscada – respondí yo, dando un paso hacía delante -. Hauser quería investigar por la zona de los ordenadores, coger la información que nos dijiste , y yo decidí rastrear la zona. Pero cuando he vuelto me he encontrado a Hauser tumbado en el suelo, sangrando y me he asustado. -¿Qué te hicieron, señor Hauser? - preguntó mi padre, dirigiendo una mirada interrogativa hacía él. -Me descuidé, me golpearon la cabeza y me desmayé – respondió secamente -. Eso ha sido todo, no es tan excesivamente grave. -Ya, ¿Y cuando me has pedido que te deje solo con quince hombres? - repliqué cruzándome de brazos. -Déjalo aquí. Necesito descansar – respondió Hauser, alzando las manos con cansancio. -Primero habrá que curarle esa herida, Hauser – mi padre mantenía el tono de voz pacífico de siempre. -Le diré a... -No es necesario – le interrumpí -, ya lo hago yo. Al salir por la puerta, él empezó a caminar con rapidez. Intenté alcanzarle varias veces, pero caminaba casi a zancadas. Disponíamos de habitaciones en la agencia de la Colonia, lo cual resultaba muy cómodo cuando era tarde y no tenías ganas de conducir. Hauser y yo compartíamos habitación. Entró él primero, yo después y observé que la ventana estaba abierta. Me quedé mirándola pensativa, preguntándome quién la había dejado abierta. Quizás había sido Hauser. Se deshizo de la chaqueta con lentitud. Le miré frunciendo el cejo, ¿Estaba enfadado? Lo suponía. -¿Estás enfadado? - pregunté instantes después de pensar eso mismo. -¿Eh? No, que va – se volvió hacía mi mientras intentaba levantarse la camiseta de manga corta ajustada. Me acerqué a él para ayudarle a quitársela. Permanecí en silencio mientras sus ojos se deslizaban ociosos por mi rostro. -¿Y tu? -No deberías haberme pedido que te dejara solo, así sin más, como si no me importara perderte – respondí y me deshice de la camiseta. -Sabes que te quiero – respondió contra mi sien. Sentir su cálido aliento me provocó un excitante escalofrío. Él estaba allí de pie, delante de mi, confesándome que me quería, acariciándome la mejilla derecha. Y yo le reprochaba como si fuera su madre. El problema era que nunca tenía suficiente con lo que me decía, necesitaba que me demostrase que realmente le importaba. Pero teníamos problemas mucho más graves como para preocuparnos de uno tan diminuto como aquél. ","Summary":" 1 -Despierta - casi chillé - Llegaran pronto. Hauser intentó incorporarse, pero cayó al suelo con t"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Total Recall: Alternate Ending","Author":"TemperanceBooth1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9598848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Doug heard a voice calling his name. \"Doug.\" It was a woman. He recognized that voice and opened his eyes. \"Doug, are you alright?\" He looked over to see his wife. \"Lori?\" \"Oh, Doug. I was so worried. When I heard you went to Rekall, I thought the worst. Harry came to get me. Said that you went to Rekall to find some answers to that dream of yours you've been having. He went to check on you and found you were in a what seemed like an old dangerous memory. You were stuck there like in a coma. He got you here and came to get me. When I saw your state, I thought I might lose you. I called your name for an hour and you finally woke up. I'm so glad you're ok.\" She said kissing his forehead. \"In my dream or memory, you tried to kill me.\" \"No, Doug. I would never. I love you.\" \"It felt so REAL.\" \"It wasn't real, Doug. I'm real. I'm here and I'm happy you're alright. Promise me you won't ever go back to Rekall. They're a really bad place. I can't lose you.\" Doug sat up and pulled the cords out. \"So this is the real you?\" \"Yes. I love you so much, Doug.\" Doug pulled her into a hug and kissed her temple. \"I love you, Lori.\" Lori cried in happiness and relief. \"PROMISE you won't go back there.\" \"I promise. I love you. I'm sorry I didn't listen to you before.\" He said stroking her hair. \"It's ok. I'm just glad you're ok. I love you so much.\" She whispered through her tears. Doug pulled away and kissed her softly. \"I love you too.\" Lori pulled away and grabbed his hand. \"Come on. Lets go home.\" Doug nodded and followed. The men outside the truck put there weapons up, but relaxed when they saw the couple. \"Is everything alright, Mrs. Quaid?\" One of them asked. \"Yes. Everything is fine now. My husband and I are going home. He needs some rest.\" She said pulling Doug to the car. Once home, they went inside and went to their room. \"Lay down and relax, Baby. I'll get some water and something to eat.\" Lori said. Doug did as said. \"Lori?\" Lori stopped and turned around. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you. For everything.\" Lori smiled and replied, \"You're welcome. Now relax. I'll be right back.\" She went to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water and quickly made a ham and cheese sandwich. She brought them back and handed them to Doug as she sat down beside him. \"Thank you.\" Lori leaned her head on his shoulder and sighed. \"I'm just glad you're safe again. I love you.\" Doug put his sandwich down and pulled her flush against him. \"I love you too, Hunny. Always.\" The End ","Summary":" Doug heard a voice calling his name. \"Doug.\" It was a woman. He recognized that voice and opened "},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Rekall Reality","Author":"Legolas0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8880399","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Total Recall, i just wrote this for my own enjoyment. Rekall Reality Doug stepped through the scanner silently. Naturally, the gun holstered under his arm set off the alarm, bringing security officers – human ones – rushing in from all sides. Rolling his eyes, Doug retrieved his ID from his pocket and handed it to the officer in charge. She glanced at it, then up at Doug skeptically. \" You're Douglas Hauser?\" she said, arching a brow. \"Is there a problem with that?\" Doug asked. God, even four years down the road, his name frightened him. But, Douglas Quaid had never existed, and Carl Hauser was no more. Going by either one now somehow seemed… wrong. The security officer – a kid, really – handed the ID back to him, looking slightly sheepish. \"Sorry,\" she said. \"But with the Independence Day address coming up, everybody's kinda on edge.\" \"That's actually what I'm here about,\" Doug said. He glanced around at the security officers. They seemed to have determined Doug was no threat, as they'd all moved back to their stations. Big mistake, he'd have to have a talk with the head of security about that. \"Where's your boss?\" He was led to an office just off the main corridor where a lean man in a United Colonies security uniform sat behind a desk, staring at a computer screen. He glanced up when Doug entered. \"Ah, Mr. Hauser,\" he said, a cheery smile across his face. \"I was told to expect you. I trust everything you've seen thus far is to your satisfaction?\" Doug unholstered his sidearm and slammed it down on the desk, eliciting a jump from the security officer. \"I walked through the scanner with this,\" he said. \"I was stopped, of course, then was allowed to go on my merry way without so much as background check.\" The man's jaw clenched just a bit. Doug suspected he was getting wound up for a defensive move. \"I don't care,\" Doug continued before the man could utter a syllable, \"if I am the Head of Presidential Security. I don't care if I am the Hero of the Fall, or any of that other crap. The President – of the United Colonies of Australia – is coming to this facility in two days. And you let a man with a gun just stroll right in.\" He took a deep breath and eased down into the chair behind him. \"From this point on, every person coming into the facility is going to be checked and double-checked. Every bag, every purse, every wallet needs to be gone through. Four separate people carrying four harmless chemicals could be smuggling in a bomb. Absolutely no chances are going to be taken. Do you understand?\" \"Bit paranoid, don't you think?\" the officer said. \"Paranoia is the only reason I'm alive,\" Doug answered. \"Now, about your security personnel…\" Doug staggered into his apartment late that evening, tossing his keys down on the table. It was almost midnight, and he was dead tired. \"Hauser?\" a voice – Melina's – called from the kitchen. Four years of knowing one another; two of marriage, and she still called him by his surname. He guessed it was because the name Doug was fake – given to him by the UFB. \"Yeah, it's me,\" he groaned as he headed down the short hall to the bathroom. \"Just gonna take a shower an' hit the sack.\" He poked his head in the kitchen as he walked past. \"You're welcome to join me if you want.\" By the time she answered, he'd already vacated the room. \"Be there in a few,\" she called out. \"Just gotta finish this paperwork.\" It was more than a few minutes before Melina joined him. She padded barefoot into the bedroom, crawled under the covers, and snuggled close to his warm body. Arms wrapped around his torso, she gazed up at his face in silence. Doug just lay there, one hand behind his head, the other stoking her hair gently. \"What are you thinking?\" he asked at last, looking down at her for the first time. \"That this must be a dream,\" she said absently. He pushed himself up on his elbows at once and fixed her with a piercing stare. \"What do you mean?\" \"Hauser,\" she whispered against his bare chest. \"Please, don't.\" \"What do you mean?\" Unintentionally, he was using what Melina called his Hauser-voice. He suspected his expression was the Agent-face as well, because Melina looked away. She didn't like his Agent-face directed at her. She looked back up at him, her expression just as distant as his own. \"I just meant that it's hard to believe what's happened. The destruction of the Fall. Independence. Your job. My job. Us. Everything.\" Doug sat up and rolled out of bed. He crossed to the window and stared out at the night sky. Overhead, the moon shone down on them through a layer of clouds. The atmosphere in Melbourne was nearly clear; and Doug had heard that some nights you could see the stars above Freemont. He'd never seen them himself, but William Porter had claimed he had seen Orion's belt only last week. So much had changed in four years. Melina was right. It was like a dream. \"\"I'm sorry,\" Melina said softly, hovering just behind him. Slowly, cautiously, she wrapped her arms around his wait. Doug closed his eyes in shame, remembering the reason for her caution. He'd dreamed of Lori four nights ago. She'd been touching him, caressing him. Then she'd tried to kill him. In the morning, when his wife – his real wife – had woken him with a cuddle and a peck on the back of the neck, Doug had reacted. Violently. Reality and fiction were so blurred together in his mind, Doug had no idea where one began and the other ended. Hell, he didn't even know which was which. When Doug didn't react violently to her touch, Melina pulled herself close, pressing the full length of her body against his back. He felt every curve, every nuance, every breath, every pulse. \"This is real,\" he whispered. He turned in her arms, pulling her even closer. \"This has to be.\" As he leaned down to kiss her, an image of Lori, pacing a hospital waiting room, crying, praying for him, imposed itself on his mind. Forcibly, he buried the image. She had tried to kill him. This was reality. This was where he wanted to be. With Melina. \"This is real,\" he whispered again before their lips met. Mouth and arms intertwined, she pulled him gently back to the bed, and he lowered her down tenderly. His intention had been to stop kissing her only long enough to pull her tank top up over her head, but she stopped him before he could continue. \"This is real,\" she assured him softly, before proceeding to show him just how real it was. Afterwards, they lay in bed, wrapped in one another's arms and staring out the window. \"I have something to tell, you,\" Melina said slowly. \"Hmm?\" Doug was too busy tracing her shoulder with his lips to give her a proper response. Melina twisted so he was facing him. Deliberately, she met his gaze stare for stare. \"I love you, Doug Hauser.\" In that moment, Douglas Hauser decided that whether this was Rekall or reality, he was never leaving this woman's side again. The End Please review! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Total Recall, i just wrote this for my own enjoyment. Rekall Reality Doug s"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Weeping in the Rain","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8510875","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Weeping in the Rain He skirts through the streets of the city, Taking shelter from the beat of rain. Heading for work in the UF of B, From tedium he cannot refrain. … He feels small, he feels like no-one, Dwarfed by the buildings so high. Longing for pastures bit greener, And a clear cloudless blue sky. … He thinks of Lori, he thinks of Ben, He thinks of chances of bliss. Having a cold one with his oldest friend, Or with his wife sharing a kiss. … But his transport tube beckons, to work he must head, He must shuffle along in the chain. But he will come back, and repeat it all, In the Colony's continuous rain. ","Summary":" Weeping in the Rain He skirts through the streets of the city, Taking shelter from the beat of rain"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Total Recall (2012) Alternate Ending","Author":"avonnew","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8576751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In order for my ending to be coherent, I must first alter one scene in the movie, as follows. \"You have to deny this reality before you return to your own,\" Harry said calmly. Douglas' eyes twitched as he looked from Harry to Melina, whom was firmly shaking her head, muttering \"no, no, no,\" but kept her eyes and gun steadfastly upon the man Douglas believed to be his friend for years. His heart beat loudly in his ears, quickening in pace until he felt his own gun, which was also pointed at Harry, beat faster and faster with him in his moist hands. Harry rolled his eyes. As fast as lightning, Harry had taken Melina's gun from her hands and pointed it straight at her. \"WHOA, WHOA! WHAT ARE YOU DOING, HARRY? Huh? What are you DOING, Harry?!\" Douglas screamed nervously, shifting his weight between his feet. But Harry grinned and handed Melina's gun back to her. \"Now, would I have done that if this was real life? Think about it, man. I'm sitting right beside you at Rekall waiting for you to wake up. So is Lori. She loves you, man.\" Douglas looked out of the glass wall opposite him where no less than fifty synthetic police guards pointed their weapons at the three of them, waiting for orders. Among them stood Lori – beautiful Lori – looking lost and scared and worried. Just the sight of her made Douglas think back to his old life, when things had been dull but easy, where he didn't fret about his own life (let alone others') on an hourly basis. Lori looked from one robot to another, her eyebrows raised in uneasiness, a large beige blanket wrapped around her delicate shoulders. Delicate? What am I thinking? This woman just tried to kill me! \"We miss you. You can come back to us and this will all be over,\" Harry was saying. He sounded so sure, so normal. And Lori looked so concerned. But Melina kept saying \"No – he's lying –\" \"All you have to do is deny this reality and you'll wake up at Rekall. You have to shoot Melina.\" Harry said, unblinkingly. \"What?!\" \"No! Carl, he's lying! Don't listen to him! This is a plot by Cohaagen! They want you to kill me. Kill me and go silently with them. They'll take you away, too! Don't listen to him, Carl!\" \"I know that's asking a lot, Doug. But she isn't real. Those Rekall bastards did too good of a job. If you don't wake up now – if you don't shoot Melina – you'll be trapped here forever. You'll lose your mind. You won't wake up. Shoot her, Doug.\" Douglas' hand shook. \"Carl – \" \"Doug, SHOOT!\" BAM! Harry fell to the floor, his jacket streaming quietly with crimson blood from his neck. \"My name… is Carl.\" Carl said, taking Melina's hand. She embraced him. He could feel her elevated heart beat against his chest. He looked sadly at Harry's fallen figure and saw something flash across his face. What was that? It happened again – Carl could see different faces glitching where Harry's head should have been. Carl looked again at Harry's bloody neck and saw the silver face-changing device he had used earlier in the airport. Sonofabitch. Outside, Lori dropped the blanket in a burst of anger, grabbed her gun from her holster, and kicked the glass in. She and all of the other guards marched towards them. \"Shit!\" Carl said. \"That's our cue!\" The action continues as it does in the movie until we reach the scene when Mathias has been trapped and duped by Cohaagen. \"I've finally done it,\" Cohaagen congratulated himself, backed up by five UFB guards. Cohaagen looped his thumbs in the belts of his bulletproof vest and allowed himself a short bark of laughter. \"I've caught the elusive Mathias! Your pitiful attempt to resist my forces has been ever so annoying and now I can finally squash you like a bug.\" He pulled out a hand pistol, aiming it straight towards Mathias' head. \"No!\" Hauser yelled, straining against the two guards holding him back. Melina similarly struggled, but fell silent swiftly as the larger of the two guards restraining her pulled her arms back further and more painfully behind her. \"It's alright, Carl,\" Mathias told Hauser, staring determinedly at Cohaagen. \"He couldn't if he tried. It would be everywhere that his hate began the war.\" \"You don't think they'll see the bombings as a Colonist attack?\" Cohaagen mused. \"They seem rather… convinced of my innocence as of now.\" \"Others will rise. Others will tell the truth!\" \"What others? Anyone failing to comply with my orders will suffer memory replacement … Or death,\" he added as an afterthought. \"If your so-called \"spy\", Hauser, can regain his memories, what makes you think the others can?\" Mathias asked, with a smirk. \"That was a fluke. An accident. I can easily shut down Rekall if I see it fit.\" \"We shall infiltrate the masses with the truth! We shall RISE –\" \"SHUT UP, SHUT UP!\" Cohaagen barked, cocking his pistol ready to fire – \"NO!\" Hauser yelled, finally tearing free of his restraints, spinning around and swiftly kicking the guards' legs out from underneath them, pulled the larger of the two men into a headlock and commandeering his semi-automatic weapon into his own hands and shooting the other man in between the forehead. The man's head lolled backward and he collapsed, dead. Hauser briefly recognized the man's face. It had been the man who had told him about the key. That was the man that started it all. Was he really a friend or a foe? He would never know. Hauser easily broke the other man's neck and stood up with the gun now pointed at Cohaagen. Cohaagen didn't have a chance to react. Hauser knocked Cohaagen's pistol out of his hand and pinned him to the ground. \"Go. Go!\" he yelled to Mathias. Mathias smiled, grabbed Cohaagen's pistol and swept out of the room. \"DAMN YOU, Hauser!\" Cohaagen spat. The two guards restraining Melina struggled with their orders – should they still be focused on the girl or their boss? Lori made that decision for them. She had heard the commotion and burst in through the side door. Her pistol was cocked and loaded and aiming straight for Hauser's head. \"You bitch!\" hissed Melina, again pulling against her guards. \"Drop the gun, Hauser,\" Lori proposed. \"Or I'll give the command to the guards to shoot your little woman.\" \"Lori, Lori, still over-stepping my command?\" Cohaagen shook his head. \"Just like when I asked you to take down Carl in your home. If you would just listen –\" \"I seem to be in control of whether or not you live or die right now, sir, I think my orders – \" \"SHOULD REMAIN EXACTLY WHERE YOU SHOULD BE. IN – YOUR – PLACE!\" Cohaagen yelled. Mathias would have been pleased to see Cohaagen losing control in a critical moment. A dozen synthetic police men strode into the room now, all armed and all ready to fire at the spy. \"I always… have a plan,\" Cohaagen finished calmly, standing up as Hauser backed down and dropped his gun to the floor, hands in the air. Cohaagen fished a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped sweat and dirt from his face. He stooped down and picked up the gun. He made a motion with his hands and two robot police men restrained Carl and took him closer to Melina. \"Two of you take a hold of Mrs. Quaid, here as well…\" \"Mrs. Quaid my ass!\" she glared, her gun forced out of her hand by the guards as they pulled her arms behind her back. \"Now,\" Cohaagen began to pace. \"What to do with our double agent now that he is no use to me anymore… I can't have him dead. That will raise suspicions. I can't change your memory again; we've seen how that works on you…\" he stopped walking suddenly and turned on his heel, his blue eyes glinting. \"I know,\" he smiled softly. \"Let's take you back to Rekall.\" \"You said so yourself: you can't touch my memory!\" Carl said angrily. \"No… but you can.\" Hauser looked confused. He looked at Lori, who seemed just as lost, but it was when he stared into Melina's suddenly shining eyes, he realized what was about to happen. \"No,\" he muttered. \"There is only one way to snap back into reality after a Rekall experience, Mr. Hauser,\" Cohaagen droned, motioning for the guards to take him to the chair. Another robot prepared a green sedative in a syringe that looked much too big. \"Your friend, Mr. Harry, told you before. It was one of the only true things he said. Do you remember what that was?\" \"That wasn't Harry. That was one of your men.\" \"Regardless; do you remember what he said?\" \"You have to deny this reality,\" Melina whispered, staring at the ground. Carl turned to stare at her. \"What?\" he asked incredulously. \"It's the only way you'll live, Carl,\" she said, a tear falling onto her smooth cheek. \"I could never – I said I'd find you… I found you, dammit, I'm not letting you go! \" Carl told her. \"I'll find you again someday,\" she promised. Carl began to break down into tears, hating fate, hating Rekall, and especially hating Cohaagen. \"Once you kill Melina, you shall be sedated and when you wake up, you'll wake up in your old life. You'll go back to your old job, your old friends… and nothing to prove you otherwise.\" \"I might be a bit confused when I don't see my wife again,\" Hauser reminded him, full of hatred. He wanted desperately to find a hole in his plan so that he could rip through it and escape. \"Ah, but memory replacement is so simple these days,\" Cohaagen smiled. \"Just as easily as we made you think you were her husband, we can convince her of her marriage to you as well!\" \"You rat bastard,\" Lori said at this point. \"What goes around comes around, Princess,\" Cohaagen remarked. I'm sure we can find someone a little more obedient for future missions.\" \"You rat bastard! \" Lori said again, unable to say much else out of shock and loathing. \"Let's begin, shall we? I'm getting bored.\" A synthetic guard pressed a pistol into Hauser's hand and directed it straight for Melina's head. She flinched and shook like a leaf and Carl began weeping. His hand would be crushed if the robot squeezed any tighter. Carl could not fight against the strength of the robot. Let him crush me! He thought. I won't kill Melina. \"It's – okay,\" Melina spluttered through tears. \"It's – okay.\" \"No, I can't –\" \"Just do it,\" She pleaded. \"I'll find you. I'll find you.\" \"Get on with it!\" Cohaagen snapped. \"I'm tired of these games!\" \"I love you,\" Carl whispered. He wanted to fight so badly, to get away from here with Melina, beat the living shit out of Cohaagen and Lori and find Mathias, to rise up with the resistance and make peace between the Colony and the UFB. He wanted to see the tyranny end in flames and be surrounded with grateful citizens of the Colony. But he wouldn't see any of that. After a long while, he pulled the trigger. He felt his consciousness slip slowly away as the syringe released its fluid, but he had already lost all feeling long before that. Ideally, Quaid would wake up here and all we would see is his eye opening and someone saying \"Wake up.\" However, if your thirst must be quenched/ made more evident, you may continue. \"Wake up. Wake up. Mr. Quaid?\" the blonde-haired eccentric man, Mack, was focusing into his view. Douglas sat up too fast and wobbled slightly. \"Whoa, take it easy there, fella. How'd it go?\" Mack asked with curiosity. \"The spy life's a customer favourite, but I haven't tried it yet.\" He was speaking so easily. So normally. As if nothing had happened. As if he hadn't been knocked out just days ago by Quaid's reflex-driven hands. \"How much is he paying you?\" Quaid asked. \"Third-person price check, eh? It's not uncommon to experience a bit of syntax error within the first few –\" \"HOW MUCH IS COHAAGEN PAYING YOU?\" Quaid asked, grasping the collar of Mack's shirt. Somehow, his grip felt much weaker than it had moments before. He had just awoken from a sedative; of course he would feel woozy. \"Whoa, calm down, dude! Man, you must really be tripping from this double-agent gig we set up for you. Good job, guys!\" He congratulated his team and pried Douglas' fingers off his shirt, smoothing it out and fiddling with some wiring behind his head. Douglas breathed heavily and rested his head in his hands. Damn good actors if they were paid by Cohaagen's men. There's no way I can get anything out of them in this state. After a few de-briefing questions and medical check-ups, Quaid was released from Rekall. He walked out of the corridor and into the rain. The last thing he wanted to do was be faced with a wife he knew was a lie, a cake filled with artificial sugar and flavoring, but he had to know. He had to see for himself that she wouldn't attempt to murder him again. He needed to see the implanted memory for himself. He unlocked the front door and stepped into the foyer, removing his rain coat and shaking his hair dry. He glanced around the room and found it empty. He poked his head around each corner, expecting to find Lori with a kitchen knife and her condescending voice with her conniving British accent to ask, \"How was work, sweetheart?\" and then slice him up into little cubes. Instead, he found a note on the glass of the refrigerator. Doug – Sorry I had to skip out on my promise last night. I swear I'll make it up to you. He dragged his fingers across the board, bringing up old pictures. That's when he remembered – this house should be in shambles. With the violence that broke out that night, when he first came back from Rekall, the house was in ruins when I fled. Cohaagen went to every extreme to make me think – But just then, he couldn't remember what he was supposed to think or not think. Lori had appeared in the doorframe to the bedroom. Her long, smooth legs were exposed from a short nightie and her black curls draped over her shoulders. Music drifted out of the bedroom and scented candles could be seen behind her. \"Hey, you,\" Lori said sweetly and seductively. Douglas Quaid was very, very confused. ","Summary":" In order for my ending to be coherent, I must first alter one scene in the movie, as follows. \"You"},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Aftershocks","Author":"Blizdal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8757770","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Total Recall is a 2012 remake of the 1990 film of the same name, which in turn loosely based on the 1966 short story \"We Can Remember It for You Wholesale\" by Philip K. Dick. Total Recall was directed by Len Wiseman, written by Mark Bomback and Kurt Wimmer. It is distributed by Columbia Pictures. This is a work of fan fiction using characters and situations from this movie. I do not claim any ownership over them. This story is for entertainment only. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. AN: Cross-posted at LJ and AO3. Aftershocks . They saved the Colony. Lori is dead, Melina is with him and the sun shines, painting the world in yellow hues. It looks and feels warm. Everything is good, for a few days, and then the dust settles and he feels lost. He remembers the day he went to Rekall and asked for Mac. And Mac, an experienced seller, who read him so accurately and in just a few questions managed to find his dream. \" Secret agent. That's you, right?\" He remembers it striking a chord. Then a few minutes later, the SWAT team had surrounded him, and the sound of safety being turned off had flipped a switch inside of him and he moved . - And kept moving, his body dancing its deadly dance all on its own, for days afterwards. He thinks that his own hands should feel alien to him, but the weight of a gun in them is familiar like few things are nowadays. He wonders what other skills he might have, what knowledge lies hidden inside his mind. He spends days- Weeks, months, years -trying to find out. Melina moves in with him. She was a member of the resistance and thus moved often, for safety reasons, and never really put down roots. The night before she comes, he deletes all the pictures with Lori on them and throws away her belongings. When he touches her wedding ring, his fingers feel as if burnt. He keeps the window and the door to the balcony open the entire night, because the apartment smells of her and he can't breathe. He freezes that night and in the morning sniffles. He feels miserable and remembers, fondly, his childhood room and the window he opened wide one night only to have his mother come and close it, saying \"You'll catch a cold, Dougie.\" She had smiled and tucked him in- \" You were raised by your father, not your mother.\" Melina's words ring in his ears and his step falters. The cup drops from his nerveless fingers and shatters on the floor. \"What about this one?\" He asks Melina, pointing at the scar on his leg. \"You got it in the car crash that killed your father.\" \"...I was in the car.\" She looks away, uncomfortable. He hates that he has to ask, hates that she knows when he doesn't. When he should. He doesn't know why he was raised motherless or what kind of man his father was. The father he remembers not having was a factory worker who died in a work related accident three days before Doug was born. He takes his gun and thinks he hears a voice of his past say \"Don't point if you're not ready to shoot, Carl.\", but the memory is too hazy to grab a hold of. He is pretty sure that his father was not a factory worker. Maybe violence is in his blood. He washes his hands in the sink. The blood colors the water red. His phone rings just as he finishes drying his hands. \" Do you have it?\" Cohaagen asks. \" Yes.\" He answers. Behind him, a man lies dead. . He wakes up, satisfaction thrumming in his veins. Next to him, Lori- Melina stirs. He remembers the metallic smell of blood and doesn't feel sick. Hauser was a harsh man. That much he has managed to figure out. He chose Melina- twice -and to be the men who betrayed everything he once fought for. That doesn't mean that sometimes, when he looks at the dark ceiling of their apartment, he doesn't see white walls instead- The walls of an apartment he has seen only once, and doesn't remember living in -and everything feels wrong. He tries not to think too much about the fact that when someone calls his name- Hauser or Doug -he responds to both without a pause. He kisses Melina and feels like he is cheating on his wife. His fingers play the notes on the wood of the table as if there is an actual piano underneath them. He wants to play, wants to see what melody his hands will make, but he can't afford to buy a piano. He thought about going to the bar and asking Murray if he could play, but that place reminds him of Harry. He put a bullet through Harry's head. There will be no more switching places in the Fall. There is no more Fall. Melina says it's a good thing. Harry never was so the man he killed wasn't Harry. That is a good thing. That is a painful thing. Once he starts thinking about it he can't stop. How long has he known Murray for? It can't be the two years he remembers. His neighbors, his coworkers, his boss… How many of them were agents and how many of them were just paid or forced to pretend? How many of them were real? He closes his eyes tightly to try and stop the tears. He is not sure if it is frustration or grief that makes him want to cry. \"Hauser?\" It is that name that tears away the last vestiges of his control, and makes the tears fall. As Melina sits next to him, he turns his head away so she won't see. She doesn't say another word, just sits next to him and lays her head on his shoulder. She takes one of his hands in hers and stays. He is grateful. So grateful. \"Have you ever been to Rekall?\" She looks stricken and he almost regrets asking when she chokes out \"Once.\" He doesn't ask again. He remembers loving his wife-who-is-not-his-wife and he remembers killing her. It hits him later. The woman who chased him, who tried her best to kill him is the woman he remembers falling for. Remembers the first time he made her smile (made her frown), the day they married (the days they fought), the smell of her skin, the feel of her hair under his fingers and the warmth he felt when he woke up to find her curled up next to him. He mourns the death of his wife even though the only place she ever existed is in his mind. He has nightmares of shooting the one with her face and wakes up with a sob. Melina doesn't wake up and in the morning he doesn't tell her of his nightmares. The mere mention of Lori's name angers her and he tries to avoid doing that. He doesn't dare tell her that he feels like a widower. She lost Hauser, in a way, since he will never again be exactly as he was and he fears that one day she will realize that and leave. He doesn't want that. - Even though sometimes it feels as if things between them are happening too fast, too soon. Melina asks how he escaped when Cohaagen's men were about to restore his memories and he tells her about Hammond. \"Were you friends?\" \"Yes.\" He knows that much. He wonders if maybe not-Harry fashioned his act after a real friend of Hauser's. He doesn't think so. He doubts he and Hammond were drinking buddies. Some bonds are formed in spilt blood and shared kills. \"I forget sometimes, that you don't remember.\" Melina remarks as they are eating their breakfast. Breakfast! He keeps expecting someone to crash trough the window and start shooting. Just the thought of it makes him feel exhilarated. He glances subtly towards the window but no one crashes through it. \"You still move the same way you did before .\" He doesn't deny it. Can't. \"You talk the same way. React the same way.\" \"...\" \"That's new, though.\" She says, nodding towards his open book. \"I like to read.\" \"I know. That hasn't changed. The type of the books you read is new.\" He thinks of the heavy tomes he saw in Hauser's apartment and then of the Ian Fleming's novel he is currently reading, and is not surprised. Hauser wouldn't have felt the need to read about something that was his everyday life. Doug, on the other hand, had felt that something was missing and had tried to find it. \"I like them.\" He says and turns the page. Something is still missing. He is unemployed. The Resistance is not really needed anymore so there is no work for him there. For years- six weeks -he was a factory worker, but the factory is in the UFB and there is no way to reach it anymore. Thousands of others used to work in the Federation and now they are not working anywhere. No work means no money. People will go hungry. Some will starve and some will try to rise above others. There will be riots soon. He doesn't ask Melina whether she sees it as well, but she never goes out without a weapon. He thinks that answers it. Maybe he will be able to carve out a place for himself in this world that is to come. His mind races with possibilities. \"I know that look, Hauser.\" \"What look, Melina?\" \"The one that says you're planning something and I'm not going to like it.\" She does know him well. The thought makes him pause as he waits for the resentment it usually brings, but it is slow in coming. It makes him feel lighter, somehow. He sends her a quick smile and watches as she relaxes and smiles back, relieved. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Total Recall is a 2012 remake of the 1990 film of the same name, which in turn loosely "},{"Movie":"Total Recall, 2012","Title":"Repression","Author":"XlXJasminXlX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10263978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I know I haven't posted for Guardian Angel yet but I will soon I just seriously typed this and couldn't help but put it up if you like I reviews help :) thanks. Disclaimer: I do not own Total Rekall Doug looked at Lori his memory had been coming back a long time ago and he was wondering if hers was as well. Of course he knew he couldn't say a word yet until he had any evidence that her's was indeed coming back because from what he knows and hears she is still an agent. And if he slipped that meant Lori would have to take him in. ~Flashback~ \"Lori you don't have to do this,\" Carl (Doug) stated Lori was another agent but she was being a double agent she was one for the resistance and they both knew the consquences in the end. \"I'm a grown woman Carl,\" Her British accent flew fluently \"I'm just wondering what would happen if they caught us.\" \"So your second guessing yourself?\" He sat down beside her poking at her. Lori shook her head, her signature smirk in place \"Never just planning what to do to remind myself of who I really am,\" because they both knew that they were great agents and good enough not to be wasted away and it wasn't a cocky thing but it was true they were the trophy's. Carl only nodded and Melina walked outside the fire catching her, giving her this glow, and it made Carl smirk as he watched Lori be captivated by Melina's beauty. At first he thought he belonged with her but when Lori contacted him about joining and helping the resistance and Melina wanted to be the first one or demanded to meet her and ever since he noticed they had been dancing around this tension, this like they had for each other. Melina sat beside Lori with a smile as if this job what they were fixing to wasn't there last \"what are you smiling about Melina?\" \"Nothing,\" She looked to Carl as if asking for some privacy. \"I'm going to get seconds I'm really hungry,\" Carl left even though Lori was quietly begging her not to but he knew she needed to hear whatever Melina had to tell her. He wasn't so far though he only walked inside and peeked through the window like a child watching their parents to see if he got in trouble or now. \"Lori,\" Melina sighed the fire was sparking and lighting up the night it was maybe the only light that was on outside \"I don't know how to say this and I know what the consquences might be if you and Howser get caught tomorrow.\" Lori clenched her jaw not out of being mad but she was trying to find a way to keeo the tears at bay. They never spoke of their feelings for each other she had an inkling that Melina liked her a lot more than she was suppose too; but she had feared the day that they would talk abotu them. \"Melina,\" she wanted to stop her. \"Lori please,\" Melina didn't wait for her to answer she spoke \"I love you I knew it the first time Howser took me to meet you I mean I knew I was bit of a bitch much but I didn't want to realize them for you because I knew if there was even a chance you could kill us, you could turn this whole thing around, everything was dependent on you, and I hated it, I hated not having control. And not even having control over my own heart I tried to love Howser and you walked into my life when I finally decided that and you made my heart stop. You made me think twice about everything, you made the buterflies in my stomach fly, and...and..\" Lori ended her ramble she thought it was cute btu they didn't have long before they had to move out to get into position for their attack. \"I love you too,\" Lori stated looked into Melina's eyes lovingly. ~End of Flashback~ Carl sighed that night Melina was happy as ever could be until they had been taken away and when he had found her again and she asked about Lori. He told her everything and she cried there was times that Melina wanted something with Carl but he couldn't knowing that the real Lori was still there and still loved Melina and he wouldn't take her from Lori. He got up just as every day for work ont he robots he would tell Lori he would either stay late at work or go out with the boys but right after work he went with Melina to fix what was going to happen. Rumor or fact had gone around that there would be an invasion of the colony \"Babe?\" it wasn't Lori's british accent it was her in work voice, her fake american accent \"Are you leaving already?\" he knew that she really didn't care but she had to seem like it and keep tabs on him as well. \"Yea I told Harry I would have breakfast with him before work,\" Howser grab his towel and looked to Lori. Her brunette hair was a puddel on the pillow and she was wearing his white button up shirt they hadn't had sex not ever since they pretended to be married. \"I'll see you tonight.\" he never kissed her lips either it felt like if he did he would betray her and instead Doug kissed her cheek. \"I'll be at work today so I'll be home late,\" Lori stated in a hum and turned to face the opposite wall she had to go to Rekall tonight a friend of hers had been wanting to try out the dumb experiment. Doug questioned her though he gave her space and it was to much space that it was bothering from the time they've been married they never had sex and he never kissed her on the lips. The kisses on her cheek felt like a brotherly kiss and she knew it's not how it should feel but ten again she never really questioned her life till now \"what time will you be home?\" she asked walking to the restroom. \"I'll be home early tonight a friend of Harry's is coming over,\" Lori raised her eye brow \"A friend?\" \"Yea,\" Doug stated as he turned off the shower \"she won't be here long though.\" \"She?\" Lori wasn't jealous but curious because Doug never brought his friends home \"Doug is everything alright?\" \"Yes hun,\" Doug stated and walked out putting his work shirt on and kissed Lori's head \"we are just going plans on the robots we had been given different and new ones and the boss wants us to go over them just so we don't mess up the new robots.\" Lori nodded as she watched Doug head out the door and she made sure she would be home on time to meet this friend.[Chapter 2] A/N: So chapter two and I hope you guys are happy about it I might be posting chapters every Sunday instead. Disclaimer: I do not own Total Recall Lori sighed from the tired day of looking over case files and figuring out what was so wrong with Doug she couldn't figure it out but she knew something wasn't right and there had to be something going on she didn't know about. \"Doug I'm home!\" she yelled opening the door and walking in on him and whoever is Harry's friend going over plans just like he said. That looked familiar to her \"Who's this?\" Doug stood up rather quickly as if he had been caught cheating \"This is,\" The woman stood up but not with a happy smile much like a look of hatred on her face but Lori couldn't tell her face was unreadable to her \"Melina,\" she looked to Doug with her jaw clenched and looked at Lori with a hint of pain in her eyes. \"I should be going it's late and my dog is alone at home.\" Lori rose her brow \"Well I doubt the dog isn't missing you,\" she had to find a way to keep her here \"how about you stay for dinner? I'm cooking some autumn salad with some chicken on it so you can stay.\" Melina looked at Doug as if asking for his approval \"Sure let's all have dinner,\" \"Well then Doug,\" Lori smiled but inside she was figuring out so badly how she knew this Melina girl it wasn't just from dreams she was having but her face popped up in different places. \"you can cut the chicken breast and Melina and I can cut the vegtables and everythign else. Melina.\" she didn't motion to her but turned around her back facing the both of them and unknowingly swayed her hips all the way to the kitchen. Lori felt eyes on her backside and grinned happily and took off her jacket setting it on a chair and her gun in her drawer like always \"So Melina how did you and Doug start talking?\" \"Through Harry,\" Melina stated and knew that Lori was trying to see if she would slip up and say something else \"what about you two love birds?\" Doug coughed from what he knew they didn't really have a story and Lori didn't know it either \"The chicken just needs to be boiled,\" he walked over to both of the girls only just to watch over the conversation more better \"how did your day go hun?\" he asked Lori not kissing her cheek since Melina was here he didn't want to disrespect her. \"Busy as always,\" Lori stated still dazed that she didn't even know how her and Doug came to be ad started to sway memories flashing through her head that she couldn't balance herself form the headache she was getting. Melina caught her and Doug went to get a hot towel \"Doug?\" \"I'm here,\" Doug stated as Melina started to show some worry or emotion in her face and he move to whisper in her ear \"she's starting to remember.\" its the small whispers she was catching until she fell into the black abyss of her dreams. Doug looked at Melina \"This shouldn't have been so much to her but Melina if she does come back remembering that's good if she doesn't I'm going to need to you to run as fast as you can.\" Melina clenched her jaw \"I'm not leaving her again Howser look it where it got me the first time,\" ~Flashback~ The troops were coming and fast Howser had taken off to put a distraction to get most of their own out of the troubled waters. The only ones left inside now was Lori and Melina \"Melina you have to go now,\" Melina was clinging to Lori as if she was her life line but Lori couldn't and wouldn't let her stay because she needed her and it might be selfish of her to stay, but she wanted to protect her and to keep her alive and if getting herself killed to protect her then she'll do it a million times over. \"now Melina!\" \"I love you and I'm not going to let you do this on your own,\" Lori knew it would hurt if she did what she thought had to do and if she ever remembered this would come back to bite her in the ass later on \"I don't love you Melina! I never did I said it just because I felt alone and I thought I could feel something for someone.\" she clenched her jaw and put her working face on \"I never loved you and I never will your not enough for me and you never will be,\" she pushed her trying to keep the tears at bay and Melina budged when she heard the shots being fired. Lori took a deep breath \"There she is!\" and its when her body felt the stun from the gun and blacked out quickly. ~End of Flashback~ Lori woke up gasping for air as if she had been underwater the whole time but no it had been from the intense dream she was having. The towel that had been on her forehead fell on her lap and she looked around Doug or who she knew to be Howser was awake and watching her and Melina was by her side asleep in a chiar. \"You've been out a day and a half,\" she yet to answer \"do you remember anything?\" one nod of her head it's not that she couldn't speak but she didn't trust herself to speak \"What are you going to do? You have a choice, you can pretend no one of this ever happened, you supposedly don't remember, and go on with the life you have or you can do what you did the first time and join me. It was the first time in a long time she used her British accent and let it come naturally \"It's to much right now Howser,\" but she knew that she had to decided because if not she was a threat to them and they we're a threat to her \"I really hurt her didn't I?\" he nodded \"Why is she still here?\" Carl sighed and ran a hand through his short brown hair \"When I first came to her when I started to remember she didn't show it to be honest she had became a robot, but when she asked me about you at first I didn't have all my memories so I didn't know you were the girl she was looking for, for the past weeks so I told her nothing yet and I waited regaing some of my memories and told her I found you and the rest of the details. Melina finally let her guard down in a long time and broke down so I'd have to say yes you hurt her really bad but I understand why you did it thing is will she?\" Lori sighed and looked at Melina the girl who she could barely remember started to stir \"I'm with you Howser,\" she didn't let this happen the first time to let the girl go again. ","Summary":" A/N: I know I haven't posted for Guardian Angel yet but I will soon I just seriously typed this and"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Crazy For You","Author":"Sokorra Lewis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/855475","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Crazy For You By Kori Lewis Rated: PG Category: Romance A/n: DMC belongs to FOX and the author of the book on which it was based.nAs do all the characters, except for Ana Meris, Leann Neily, Lila Agnozi,nand Misha Neily. Last names may be spelled wrong, so if you notice that,nplease tell me. I did not know Mrs. Meris' name so I made one up. It isngoing to be Laura. I know Mr. Hammond's name because of looking up thenbook and reading the excerpt. It is Rob. 2nd A/n: This story takes place 7 years after the movie took place. Sincenthe movie came out in 1999, I will say the year is 2006. Chase went off toncollege in New York and is nearing his last year. Nicole went to a localncollege and finished the year before. They waited a year before going toncollege and they broke up the summer after they started college because itnwasn't working out long distance. Brad married Alisa and is now the Gymnteacher at Time Zone High. Ray works for the Television station as anfeature director and is now married to Misha, who is the head anchor of thenNews program. They have a four-year-old daughter named Leann. Dave wentnoff to State college like he planned and married Dee the year after highnschool let out. She went to the same college as he, so it was easy to haventheir relationship. They have a five-year-old daughter named Lila. Dulcenis still single, doing nation wide conventions on major issues facing thenenvironment. She is asked for often for her input on these matters. Alisanmoved away and now is divorcing Brad, who has reunited with Kathy after hisnwife left him for some aerobics instructor. Now on to the story.. Chapter One: Home Again with Shocking Results. Nicole Maris put her five-year-old daughter on the sidewalk as she went tongrab some more items from the car. She smiled as she heard her stepfathernand daughter greet each other and then go inside to watch cartoons. Shenstill lived with her mother and stepfather, but she didn't mind. It helpedna lot with Ana. The house she used to live in with her mom was now connected to the housenher stepfather had lived in. The area between had been made into a semi-nindoor pool. A hallway led you outside to the driveway from the walkway atnthe nearest side of the pool. That walkway led to two doors. One led intonher home and the other to her parents. She lived in what was her mother'snhome. Her bedroom window could still be opened to look across the poolroomnto what had been Chase's before he moved to New York. Nicole sighed. It had been slightly over five years since She had lastnseen him. She had decided that the long distance plus the relationship ofntheir parents would not make their own relationship work. She now realizednshe was wrong. She missed him terribly. She had never been this farndetached from him, even before senior year. He had always been at leastnnext-door. Now he was in New York, happily enjoying his life there, atnleast that was what he told them. He never mentioned her in any of hisnemails to his father. He emailed her mother once on her birthday, butnstill she never got anything. Not even a phone call, despite the fact thatnhe called his father once a week. What made everything was the secret she held from him. The only people whonknew the truth were Dulce, Ray, Misha, Her parents, Dave and Dee. It hadnsurprised her when Dulce decided to be friends with her after the big breaknup. She had been going to classes with Nicole in the Local College andndecided to be friends with her. Nicole had found out that they had a lotnof things in common besides the fact they were both past loves of ChasenHammond, New York Playboy. Misha had learned from her husband, whoneveryone thought was Ana's father, but he wasn't. That was her secret.nAna was Chase's daughter. David and Dee had known since the beginningnalong with Ray. Dee was Ana's godmother and had become Nicole's bestnfriend after she had learned the truth about Alisa. \"Hey, Hon.\" Came the joyful voice of Nicole's mother Laura. \"Hi, mom. How's the wedding going.\" Rob had asked Laura to marry him thenyear before and they were planning the wedding to happen two months fromnnow and Laura was busy with the amount of planning she had to do. Nicolenhelped, but not as much as she would have liked. She felt guilty that hernmother had to do so much for her, but Laura was glad to help her daughter.nBoth of her parents were. Well, Her real father wasn't around much, butnthat was because he had remarried and moved to Rio. He emailed her and Ananevery once and awhile with some digital pictures, he took from a balloonntrip. She mostly considered Rob Hammond to be her father now. He helpednher out a lot with Ana and college. He helped her the most by making hernmother so happy. \"Perfectly. We have all the invitations responded to and only two couldn'tnmake it, which are your father and his brother Mick. Even Chase isncoming.\" Nicole's heart just about fell to the ground when her mother saidnthat. If Chase were coming, he would find out her secret, not to mentionnfind out she still loved him. \"That's great mom.\" \"Yes, I know it is. Oh, I forgot to tell you. You need to be fitted fornyour maid of Honer dress.\" \"Alright, but has Rob chosen a best man?\" \"Yes, Chase. We thought it would be wonderful to have our only children asnour attendants. Then Ana-angel will be the flower girl. \" \"Sounds great, mom. \" Well, maybe not exactly great for Nicole. She wouldnhave to spend hours beside her former boyfriend trying not to let him knownthat her wonderful little girl was his too. ~*~*~nRay Neily walked along the aisles of the local Wal-mart. Misha had sentnhim to find a gift for the wedding, but so far he had about as much luck asna bug. He looked around the home appliances, but figure that was whatneveryone would get them. He then went the electronics, but realized theynhad just bought a new TV and DVD player. So they would not need it. Henstopped at the cameras and tried to figure something out. \"Hey Ray!\" came a voice that he could tell from anywhere, but hadn't heardnin a long time. \"Chase! What are you doing here.\" \"I decided to surprise my dad and came home early.\" \"Early? The wedding is not for two months. That is more then just early.\"nChase laughed as he reached his friend. The two hugged for a few secondsnthen went back to looking at the cameras. \"So how is Misha and Leann.\" \"Wonderful. Misha actually agreeing with Leann now about another kid. Shenwants to have another one soon, but I'm just not ready. Leann is stillnkeeping me really busy.\" \"I bet. I heard you got a contract with a Electrocutes to produce theirnnew video.\" \"Yeah, they thought my first one was really good in high school, so nownthat they are popular they want me to do another one with them.\" \"That's great.\" The two walked away from the cameras and into the DVDnsection. \"How is everyone else? You're the first person I have recognizednsince I came back. Wait.Take that back. I saw Eddie.\" Eddie was now thenFootball coach for the High school. \"They are alright. Dave and Dee are almost done building their new house.nDave designed it himself. Even has a editing room and a computer room.nBrad finally showed Alicia her own medicine and she took off with annaerobics instructor. He filed for divorcee and now is back to seeingnKathy, the girl who started it all. Dulce is a commentator on a nationwidenEnvironmental organization.\" \"I noticed. I went to see her once at the gardens. She is prettyninspirational about getting people to keep the earth in shape. I want backnand saw her. She has changed a lot. Although she seemed like she wasnhiding something.\" \"Maybe. I never try to understand Dulce.\" \"And how is Nicole.\" Chase said that lower then he did before, whichneither meant to Ray that he was not willing to admit he cared about how shenwas doing, or he didn't want anyone to hear he cared about her. \"She is alright.\" She is busy with her new job and helping Laura with thenwedding plans. And now getting Ana to school and such.\" Ray noticed anflick of anger in Chase's eyes when he said Ana's name. He knew why, too.nTo the majority of the people that knew about Nicole, Ray was the father ofnher child. Of course Chase was going to be slightly mad at him. Hensighed. \"Chase, I'm not her dad, if that is what your thinking. We just told thatnto people to make them leave Nicole alone.\" Shock and surprise were thenfirst two emotions Chase felt as he just stared at Ray. \"But that would mean that..\" \"Which is true. Just don't broadcast it. Nicole doesn't want me to tell younand we don't need the whole world knowing the truth right now. Hey, lets gonget a slushy. \" Ray took Chase and sat him in one of the booths while henwent and got some drinks. It was going to be a long day. Especially whennNicole found out that Chase knew. \"Hey Ray.\" Ray turned around to face a smiling Dee. \"Hey. Where's Dave?\" \"He is coming. I saw Chase is here.\" \"Just got here today, it seems. He wanted to surprise his parents.\" \"Let me guess you told him.\" \"What else was I supposed to do- a cherry and a coke slushy please- tellnhim another lie?\"n\"No, I'm glad you told him. He needs to know. It would have been worse ifnHe was around Nicole and Ana when he found out. This way he can prepare fornit.\" Ray collected the two slushies and waited as Dee ordered two morencoke slushies for Dave and her and then the two walked to where Chase satnwith Dave. Dee looked at him with the appraising eye. He was wearing a suit, whichnshocked her, his hair combed back and not in the unruly curls he preferredn(although some strands were starting to curl up) with his head leaning onnthe table. He was obviously not ready to hear that he had a five-year-oldndaughter that he previously thought was the child of his best friend. \"Why did she not tell me.\" \"Because she thought you would be better off without her for one thing.\"nDee commented as she sat down beside her. \"Another thing was she hadnalready broken it off with you about a week before and she decided that younwould think she was trying to win you back. She also didn't want to hitnyou with the responsibility.\" Chase lifted his head and stared at her andnthen at the other two. \"Why didn't you come back here before Chase?\" Dave asked. He knew thatnhad made Nicole decide to keep it from almost everyone. \"I was afraid.\" \"Of what?\" \"Her. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to stop myself from telling her Instill loved her and that I never got over her. I was afraid she wouldnlaugh in my face about that.\" Dee suddenly got an idea. \"Tonight you can stay at our house. Nicole, Misha, and myself are having anladies night off sleepover at her house. Ray is going to be over there asnwill David with the kids. You can meet Ana then if you want before younface Nicole.\" Ray and Dave nodded. \"Alright, if it is fine with you. I just don't feel like seeing herntonight. Who else knows about this besides you four.\" \"Misha and Dulce know. As does your Father and Nicole's mother\" \"Dulce?\" \"She is friends with Nicole now.\" \"Explains why she kept telling me that I should come back home during thentime I saw her after the convention.\" \"Come, on. Lets go. It is almost 7:30 and we have to be at home in ordernfor the Night off thing can start at 8.\" Dee said, interrupting thenconversation between Ray and Chase about Dulce. The other three nodded andnthen walked out of the store and drove to Dave's brand new house. Next Chapter: Nicole's confession. Plus you can find out what Little Ananlooks like([Chapter 2] Chapter Two A/n: I would like to thank 'Me' and Lady Alanna for reviewing this. AndnYes, I have reviewed. I noticed the no updating of the other storiesn*Calls to all authors of DMC fan fiction UPDATE!!! At least for my sanity.n (* Another thing, I know Dee's hair is blonde in the movie, but she didnstate that she had dyed it. I making it dirty blonde. Ana ran around her grandfather, squealing in delight. Her dark brown curlsnflew in the wind as her grandfather picked her up and swung her around.nHer blue eyes sparkled. She was having a lot of fun. \"Come on, Annie. Lets go watch some TV\" He carried her to the living room.n There she found her mother watching the television with her Nana Laura.nShe tugged on her Grandfather's sleeve and was let down, upon which she rannto her mother. She hugged her mother, noticing the wet marks on her face. \"Why is mama sad?\" She asked. Nicole looked over at her young daughternand smiled, running a hand though the hair that reminded her of Ana'snfather. \"Mama's not really sad, sweetheart. Just sometimes she needs a good cry tonget all the emotion out.\" Ana missed the look that her grandparentsnshared. They knew very well that Chase and Nicole had been dating for twonyears after High school despite the fact they tried to hide it. They hadnknown it that night when they had announced they were moving in together.nThey also knew that Nicole had been crying because of Chase, not becausenshe simply needed a good cry. Ana shook her head at that statement. \"Mama knows it is no good to lie. Mama is sad, isn't she? Is it Daddy?\"nNicole looked at her daughter. Like her father she was extremelynperceptive and intelligent. \"Sort of, honey. Why don't you get ready to go over and play with thenother kids?\" Ana looked at her mother thoughtfully. \"Will Leeann and Lila be there?\" \"Yes.\" Ana smiled, and jumped off her mother's lap. \"Yeah!\" The five year old ran from the room and up the stairs. Nicolensmiled and turned to her mother who smiled as well. Ana was the brightnlight in the house. ~*~ \"NO!\" Cried Lila as her mother tried to get her dressed. Dee bit her lip.n Lila did not like getting dressed. For some reason the five year oldnliked to run around in her underwear. Dave found this funny, but she foundnit frustrating. \"Come on Lila. Uncle Ray and Uncle Chase are coming over.\" \"Uncle Chase?\" the girl stopped moving around and stared at her mother. Annew uncle? Must be Annie's father. \"Yes. You'll meet him downstairs.\" By this time, Dee had managed to put anshirt on the little girl and socks. Now she had to put the pants on andnthat was the hardest part. Luckily Lila did cooperate with her and it wasnquickly done. Dee put the girl on the floor and the toddler rushed out of the room,nhaving spotted her father. Dave picked her up and twirled her around,nmaking the little girl happy. \"How is my Angel?\" he asked. Lila did in fact look like an angel. She hadnher mother's dirty blonde curls and blue eyes. She was only slightly tallnfor her age, and Dave knew she would grow up to be a heart breaker. \"Great Daddy.\" The little girl smiled and hugged her father. Dee watchednfrom the doorway of Lila's room and smiled. Her daughter and husband werenclose. It seemed that Lila even shared her father's fascination with X-nfiles. Dave was so much into the story that He had asked to name theirnchild Scully. Dee of course said no and they named her Lila. Dave wasnstill hoping that the next one would be named after the X-files characternbut Dee was beginning to think that there would not be another child. Shenwould have had one if they were going to be one. Dave loved children as she did. They wanted to have a big family but afternLila was born, she had trouble having anymore. She had only gottennpregnant once, and that had ended up in a miscarriage after three months.nShe hadn't even known about that one yet. She still tried but she wasnstarting to get discouraged. She was glad she at least had Lila. \"Why don't we go downstairs?\" Dave nodded and carried Lila down thenstairs. Upon reaching the bottom, she put her down and she looked at thenman sitting at the table in the living room. She walked over and stoodnnext to him. \"Hi, I'm Lila.\" She said, trying to sound as grown up as a five year oldncould be. \"Hi Lila. I'm your uncle Chase.\" Lila smiled and then hugged him. \"You must be Ana's dad. She's the only one whose dad would be my unclenother then Uncle Ray.\" Chase smiled weakly. The child was definitelynsmart. \"Yes, I am. How did you guess?\" \"She looks like you.\" The girl shrugged. \"You both have the 'hair'.nYours is starting to go wild again. Her hair does that all the time. Younshould teach her how to tame it.\" Chase looked at Dave and he shrugged. \"Don't ask me. I have lost hope in understanding her phrases.\" Just thennthe doorbell rang and Dee went to answer it. In a few moments, Misha,nLeann and Ray were ushered into the spacious room. Leeann smiled and rannover to her 'cousin' and hugged her. The two girls ran to the other end ofnthe room and ran down to the basement, where all Lila's toys were stored. \"Hi, you must be Chase.\" Misha said as she crossed the space between hernand Chase and shook his hand. \"I'm Misha O'Connor, Ray's fiancée.\" \"I thought you two were already married.\" \"That is what we tell everyone. It wasn't till recently that I feltncomfortable about marring again. I was married once before and it turnednout to be a disaster. I didn't want to do that again. Luckily Ray wasnpatient with me. We just thought it would be better to tell everyone wenwere already married for Leeann's sake.\" Ray nodded in agreement. \"This is getting to confuse me.\" Dee smiled. \"You're not the only one, Chase.\" Dee once again went to answer the doornas it rang. This time it was Dulcie and Nicole with Ana. \"Hey Dee!\" Dulcie said happily. Her hair was now up in another weird do. \"Hi Dulcie.\" Dee moved over as Ana ran into the house and ran to thenbasement. The three women walked into the room. Dulcie just kept onnmoving and sat on the couch. Dee went and stood beside her husband and thentwo shared a look. This was going to be interesting. Nicole walked in butnstopped as soon as she noticed Chase. \"Hi Chase.\" She said, putting on a fake smile. She hadn't seen the mannfor over five years and yet she still felt as if it had only been fivendays. He was even more attractive then before, and Nicole could not denynthat she still felt like she was Jell-O when he was around. She had nonidea when that had started, because she could remember that before seniornyear, Chase Hammond had no effect on her what so ever. \"Hi Nicole.\" He said emotionlessly. He still didn't trust himself aroundnher. \"How are you doing?\" \"Fine.\" Chase tried his best to smile at her. Dee decided it was time fornthe ladies to leave. She walked to the stairway and yelled down to thengirls that they were leaving. All three girls ran up to hug their mothers.n Ana paused a second when she spotted Chase but then ran into her mothersnarms for a quick Kiss goodbye. Ray came up to Nicole and told her thatnChase knew and for a second her eyes went back and forth from her daughternand Chase. \"Ana, remember how I told you one day, I would introduce you to Daddy andnthen you could spend some time with him.\" Nicole asked quietly, makingnsure her voice was low enough to not be heard over the others. Herndaughter nodded and spared a glance at Chase. Nicole realized that Ananprobably would know who he was. She figured there had to be a bound betweennthe two. \"Well, that is going to be today.\" \"Is that my daddy.\" Ana said, motioning to Chase. \"Yes, and don't point it isn't polite.\" Nicole stood up and walked herndaughter over to Chase. She tapped him on the shoulder and he looked up atnher, although he already knew she was coming over. \"Chase, Ray told me that you know the truth now.\" \"Yeah, although I would have appreciated finding out from you about 5 yearsnago.\" Nicole grimaced. Why had she even hoped he wouldn't be mad? Ofncourse he would be mad. Who wouldn't be in this situation? \"Well, This is Ana, Ana, this is your father Chase.\" The younger girlnsmiled up at her father although it was soon replaced with confusion. \"Wait.isn't that Grandpa's son's name?\" she asked. Nicole smiled. ITnnever got boring trying to explain her parents and their relationship. Butnthis time Chase beat her to it. \"Yes, Your grandfather is my dad.\" \"But wouldn't that make you my uncle and related to mom. \"Your mom and I are not related. I had different parents then your mother.n Your Grandfather is my dad and your grandma is your mother's mother.\" Ananstill looked confused but she nodded. \"Still sounds strange that you're both my uncle and my dad.\" Chase for thenfirst time in awhile laughed and meant it. \"I know what you mean. I'm still getting used to having your Grandmotherndating my father.\" \"Dee just motioned that we have to go now. Bye sweetheart.\" Nicole bentndown and kissed her daughters check. She stood up and looked at Chase.nShe decided to take a risk and leaned down and was going to kiss him on thencheck but Chase managed to turn his head slightly and she ended up givingnhim a true kiss. It didn't last long, but both felt the electricity there. For a secondnafterwards they just stared at each other. \"C'mon Nicky!\" Called Dulcie. \"It is time to leave.\" Nicole walked away,nturning only once to wave at her daughter and a quick glance at Chase.nThen she was gone. \"Well.\" Ray said, interrupting Chase's thoughts. \"That was interesting.\" ~*~ Nicole sat in the backseat of Dulcie's black convertible mustang starringnat the traffic passing her. She wasn't even attempting to make it looknlike she was paying attention to the conversation the other three had goingnon. All her thoughts were on Chase and the last time she had seen himnbefore he came back to town. \"Nicky?\" Misha asked. She was the first to notice an unusual lack ofncommentary from the seat beside her. Nicole looked up at her. \"Wha?\" \"Something wrong hon.?\" Dee asked from the seat in front of Misha. \"Nothing's wrong.\" Dee and Misha shared a look that said, yeah right. \"C'mon, tell us, Nicky.\" Nicole sighed. With this bunch, when somethingnwas bothering you they would find out. \"Remember how everyone thought Ana was small for being a month late.\" \"Yes. I recall that for a 10 month wait, she was quite small.\" Dulciencommented from the driver's seat. Nicole sighed again. \"That's because she wasn't late. She was two months early.\" \"What?\" All three girls said at once.\" \"She was supposed to be born on Christmas Day.\" \"But I thought you and Chase broke up the December before?\" \"We did, but I went to see him in New York in March. We went and watchednthe parade and then went out to dinner. I came up for his twentiethnbirthday.\" \"What happened?\" by this time they had pulled into the restaurant, so shenwaited till they were seated to began thinking about that night. A/n: ok, I just checked my reviews and I wanted to thank those who reviewednafter I started this chapter. Also, for those of you wondering, this willnremain a PG to PG-13 rated story so the next chapter will not have anythingnmajor, although there will be some suggestiveness. But then there kind ofnalready was because you all know Ana's here.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Day in spring. A/n: Thanks to everyone who reviewed. To those who want to know about the book, it comes in three titles. The most common as far as I can see is under the title HOW I CREATED MY PERFECT PROM DATE. They do have a version called DRIVE ME CRAZY but I believe that may be not in print anymore. The last one, which is for sure out of print, is GIRL GIVES BIRTH TO PROM DATE. All are by Todd Strasser. Which reminds me. Some of the things they have in the book defer from the movie (I found 'Laura' is actually called Sue *but she shall remain Laura in this story* and it is MERIS not MERIS) so I will use both, but some of events of the book I will make their junior year. 2nd A/n: I decided after a lot of thinking and no ideas that I would not put the scene that was going to go here. If you really want me to put it in I will, I just have to have an idea first. Cloudburst2000....look on my review page, there is a message for you. Chase, Ray, and Dave were laying on the back patio of Dave's house looking at the stars. The three girls had fallen asleep and were now in bed so they had went outside and sat in lawn chairs with the backs facing each other. \"When was the last time we did this?\" \"What? Sitting on the patio?\" Dave asked, knowing full well what Chase meant. \"No.\" \"Looking at the stars…. Not since our junior year, I think. We were waiting for DghterJudy for the first time. Wonder why it happened twice?\" Ray and Chase tried not to laugh, knowing full well that the girls had been there but they had directed them the wrong way. \"I remember that.\" Ray said. \"How? Wasn't that during your drug period.\" \"Yeah, but I wasn't high that night. The next morning, yeah, but not that night.\" \"Remember the second time that happened. We ended up picking up Nicole and Brad at Eddie's Party?\" Dave asked. Chase smiled. That night sure changed things. \"Yeah, first time I got to use my cops impression. I don't think Nicole liked it though.\" \"Oh yes, Sean Young.\" They laughed. It felt good to be hanging out together again, relieving the memories of high school. \"Brad didn't like Sean Either.\" Chase added. \"No, of course not. He was too into Kathy. They got back together you know, after Alica broke up with him.\" \"I thought he was Married to Alica, Dave?\" \"He was? Oh, I never paid attention to her anyway.\" \"I don't think any of us did, and that irked her.\" Ray commented. \"Which reminds me oddly enough, what happened at the party? I remember hearing that Alica was with you or something when I went in.\" \"Yeah, Chase, what did happen? You never told me why you were so pissed off when you were in the car.\" \"Alica kissed me. In front of Nicole.\" \"What!?\" Ray said, turning around so he could face Chase. \"You let her kiss you?\" \"Well, she led me on a little. Then she pushed me away and said something like no way Romeo and then something about being Nicole's friend and then she pointed to Nicole.\" \"Is that why I had to pick you up?\" \"Partially. I tried to explain to Nicole but she locked herself in Brad's bathroom.\" \"Why the hell did you do that?\" \"Do what, Ray?\" \"Kiss Alica when you have Nicole?\" \"I saw her talking to Brad, and that plus the fact that I had a least one drink before then.\" Ray shook his head and sat down in his seat. \"I will never understand that. That made you change your mind about getting back with Dulcie?\" \"I realized Dulcie wasn't what I wanted anymore. And Ray?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Thanks.\" ~*~ Robert Hammond had been reading a book when the phone rang. He looked over at his fiancée and found her still asleep and took the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Dad.\" \"Chase?\" \"Yeah. I'm sorry about calling so late, but I wanted to talk to you. How's Laura?\" \"She's fine. She can't wait till you come back for the wedding.\" \"That's what I wanted to talk to you about.\" \"What? Tell me your still coming.\" \"Yes, I am still coming. I'll be there a little early.\" \"How early are we talking about Chase?\" \"How's tomorrow?\" \"Tomorrow? That is Early.\" \"I know, that is what Ray said.\" \"You talked to Ray?\" \"Yeah, I'm at his place right now.\" \"So you know then.\" \"Yeah, dad I know.\" \"I'm sorry son.\" \"I know. It is more my fault then anyone else's. No one except Nicole deliberately hid it from me.\" \"I could have told you.\" \"Yeah, but I probably would have not believed you if it was done over the phone.\" \"Son?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Are you high?\" \"No, Dad. Still have to get the felt poster before I can get high.\" \"Funny Chase.\" ~*~ Dave tried to watch all three children at the same time, and was severly glad the other two were there for Breakfeast duty. Trying to make sure that everything remains clean was a tough job, especially when the three were excited about being together. \"Leeann, don't throw your bananas at Lila, Please.\" Ray commented as he noticed the flying projectile and managed to catch it before it hit Lila's face. Leeann made a face and Ray let out a aspirated sigh. Leeann did not like to be corrected. Lila and Leeann liked to throw things at each other. Out of the three girls, only Ana actually behaved herself. Leeann was the worst, and as for Lila, it depended on what her mood was that day. She more often went Leeann's way then Ana's. \"When's mama comin' home?\" Lila asked as she tried to get a banana out of her cereal to catapult at Leeann. She finally got a piece and put it on her spoon and pulled back the top as to throw it at her friend. However her father caught it before she threw it and stoped her. \"Lila, you know better. Your mother should be back soon. They normally get home around ten in the morning which...\" Dave looked at his watch. \"Which is five minutes from now.\" \"Oh.\" Lila replied while glaring at Leeann. Dave smiled at his daughter and ruffled her hair. \"Hey Everyone!\" Dee called as she opened the door. She walked into the dining room and went and kissed her husband and daughter. \"Where is everyone else?\" Chase asked, noticing the lack of girls behind Dee. \"Oh, just getting their bags out of the trunk. We found this great shopping mall near the hotel.\" \"Did you get me anything?\" Lila asked smiling at her mother. \"Yep, but you will have to wait till everyone leaves to see it, hun.\" Lila let her disapointment at being made to wait show. \"Hey!\" Misha said, entering the room. She picked up Leeann after the girl had ran to her. Dulcie and Nicole followed, moving around Misha and greeting the others. \"Hi girls.\" Chase said smiling. \"Hey Chase.\" Nicole said, walking over to thier daughter who was sitting in her father's lap. She kissed her check and then ruffled Chase's hair. She smiled at Chase's reaction, which was to glare at her. She felt dizzy and her head hurt, but she still smiled. \"Chill chase, it is only your hair. Hey Ana, ready to go, Nana has a dress appointment for us to go to.\" Ana nodded and got up. Chase stood up, planning on following them, as he had to go see his father. Ana took his hand and the three walked towards the door saying goodbye to thier friends. They managed to get out the door before Nicole fell to the ground.[Chapter 4] Chapter FournThe Ever present A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my sister Becky and hernfriend Nicole. Thank you to all who have reviewed. 22 reviews so far onnthis story! I am sooo glad people seem to like it.:) To those who wonder why I haven't updated in a while: School has startednso I have less time to write. Another reason is I have gotten two reviewsnabout miss-characterization of Nicole and Chase in this story so I had tonhave my sister and her friend read it. They find it all right so it isnhere for your opinion. ***nThe rain poured down on her, making her already wet body soaked. Thenraindrops mixed in with the salty tears that ran down her face. Her eyesnwere shut as she sat on the park bench, thinking over her utterly wastednadult life. Nicole was right, she had made everyone miserable because shenwas. Alicia opened her eyes and looked around the park. No one was there at thentime and she was glad. She hated people seeing her when she cried. Shenhad fallen in love with Andre when she had walked into his class and hadnbeen blind to the manipulative ways he dealt life with. She had fallennunder his spell and it was only now that she realized what had happened. \"Mrs. Seldon?\" came a voice. Alicia turned to find Martha Wider, Andre'snsister. \"Hi Martha. Please don't call me that.\" Martha smiled and sat beside her. \"Let me guess, Andre.\" \"Yes.\" \"I'm sorry Alicia. He does this all the time to people. Come on home.nWe'll help you go back home. I am truly sorry about how he treated you.\"nAlicia made an attempt to smile at the young girl's kindness. Nicole opened her eyes to intense white. She shut them again as the painnof suddenly having light poured into her pupils hit. She moaned, movingnher head to the side. The sound and movement alerted the only other personnin the room, Her mother. Laura Maris walked over to her daughter and movednthe hair off her forehead. She leaned down and kissed her daughter'snforehead. \"Good morning, Hun.\" she whispered. Nicole opened her eyes and looked intonher mothers. She noticed her mother's eyes were filled with worry. \"What's wrong?\" She asked, not realizing where she was. Her mother lookednconfused.n\"Don't you remember what happened Nicky?\" \"No, not really.\" Nicole managed to pull herself up against the headboardnand looked around. She suddenly realized that she was in a hospital roomnand the memories of what did happen came rushing back. \"Where's Ana!\" \"Calm down Hon, and lay back down. Annie's fine. Chase took her out fornbreakfast with Rob.\" \"Why?\" \"I made them. Chase was here with you since you passed out at Dee's house.n I made him go home and eat at least. Annie went with him to the hospital,nbut Rob took her home because it was uncomfortable here for her.\" \"Oh.\" \"Rob called a little while ago and said He was going to be coming back soonnwith Ana. Chase has some things he said he had to do.\" Just as she saidnthat, Ana and Rob walked though the door. \"Mom!\" called Ana as she ran and jumped on the bed. Nicole hugged herndaughter and waved hello to her future stepfather. \"Hi Nicole, how are you feeling?\" Rob asked as he walked over to stand bynher mother. \"Fine I guess. Where's Chase.\" Nicole asked, wondering where he actuallynwas. \"He had to do something.\" \"He promised to take me to take me to the river with Uncle Dave and AuntnDee next weekend!\" Ana said excitingly. She loved the river, and askednNicole to take her whenever possible. Dee and Dave took their Lila downnthere often. \"Really? I bet you loved that, Annie.\" Ana nodded. Nicole smiled. Shenwas glad Ana and Chase were getting along so wonderfully. But then itndidn't surprise her; Chase was always good with kids. \"Well, hello everyone.\" came the voice of the doctor as she walked into thenroom Nicole was in. Nicole recognized her as Chloe Baumann, formally ChloenFrost. Chloe had married another intern last year before she had receivednher certificate and was allowed to be an actual doctor. Mark Baumann wasnvery nice and Nicole was happy for Chloe that she found someone she loved. \"Hi Chloe.\" Nicole said as she leaned against the pillows behind her,nstill holding onto her daughter. Chloe smiled at her. \"Well, I got the tests back and there is nothing major wrong with you. Itnseems you have low blood sugar and add that to the exhaustion, youncollapsed.\" \"That is what knocked me out for twenty four hours?\" Nicole asked. \"Oh, that was the exhaustion kicking it. You needed that time to rest.nYou need to learn to eat right and take some time off and not work so hard.n I don't want to see you in here as one of my patients.\" \"So basically I need a vacation?\" \"That's the jest of it. That and a new diet. What on earth were youneating the past couple of days?\" \"Well.\" Nicole thought a moment. She really hadn't eaten much. Mostlynshe ate when she felt like she had the time to eat. She told Chloe thisnand was met with disapproval. \"No wonder you collapsed like that. You spend too much time working. Younmay be a lawyer Nicole, but you are way too hard on yourself. If you keepnthis up, the stress is going to get to you. I insist that you take thennext two weeks off.\" Laura nodded her agreement with Chloe and agreed tonmake sure her daughter spent time away from the office. Chloe left tondesign a new diet plan to help Nicole have a healthier diet that wouldnprevent this from happing. ************ Chase walked down the street, hands in his pockets. He had an interestingnthree days. He had come home for his dad's wedding, found out he had andaughter and then had seen his ex-girlfriend collapse. He wondered whatnwould be next. \"Chase?\" came a familiar voice. Chase looked up and saw Alicia standing innfront of him with another girl beside him. \"Alicia?\" \"Hey, Haven't seen you around here for a long time.\" \"Well, I came back for my parent's wedding. I thought you were living innChicago?\" \"I was till yesterday. I moved back today. By the way, this is MarthanWider, a friend of mine from Chicago.\" Marsha and Chase said hello and thenthree began to walk down the street. \"So how's Nicole?\" she asked. \"She's alright I guess. She is in the hospital right now though.\" \"What happened?\" \"She collapsed. Apparently it is stress, low blood sugar and not enoughnsleep getting to her.\" \"I hope she feels better soon. I wanted to talk to her.\" \"I'm sure she wouldn't mind seeing you now if you want. I'll take you tonthe hospital to see her.\" \"You would?\" Chase nodded. Alicia smiled and then hugged Chase.\" Thanknyou soo much. You have no idea what this means to me.\" Chase just lookednat her, agreeing with the fact that he had no idea why she would want tontalk to Nicole. Right then he was hoping Nicole really would want to seenAlicia. **** \"Sorry about the dress appointments Mom.\" Nicole said \"That's alright. The wedding is not for two months; there is plenty ofntime to reschedule. Besides you are much more important then the dresses.nIf all failed, we could always wear jeans and be original!\" Nicolenlaughed. \"Sure Mom. I know you would never go for that.\" \"Ok, maybe Khakis, not jeans, but you know what I mean.\" \"Yeah, I think so.\" \"Laura, we have to go now, we had the lunch reserved to meet with Stacy andnCallie.\" Nicole's Dad had married Stacy and the two had moved into a housenabout an hour away. Callie had of course come along, and was now Nicole'snstepsister and still called from time to time for a math question. Nicolenfigured she just wanted to make sure Nicole was ok. The two had becomenreally close since Nicole started tutoring her in math. Unfortunately her father had spilt and at that point in time no one wasnsure where he was. Apparently the words commitment didn't seem to apply tonhim. Therefore, he was not communicating with anyone at the moment, andnNicole had no idea what would happen if he did actually call her. Laura and Stacy got along, and Stacy had been invited to the wedding. Thennow 17-year-old Callie was also invited. Of course Nicole's dad was not,nbut no one knew where to send an invitation anyway. \"Alright. Well, I have to go sweetie.\" Laura smiled and then gave herndaughter a hug goodbye. \"Bye mom.\" Nicole said as her mother left the room and Rob was giving herna hug. She repeated her goodbyes to him, and then lay back on the pillowsnand closed her eyes. She was actually feeling tired again. Maybe Chloenwas right and she did need a vacation. \"Hey Nic,\" came Chase's voice from the doorway. Nicole opened her eyes asnher daughter jumped off the bed and ran to her father. Chase picked Ana upnand walked over to Nicole. \"Hi Chase.\" \"How are you feeling?\" \"Better then before, thanks.\" Chase smiled. \"I brought someone here who wanted to talk to you, although about what Indon't know.\" \"Who?\" \"Alicia.\" \"Alicia? But I thought she was living with Andre Wider in Chicago? \"Not anymore.\" Alicia said as she entered into the room. Nicole andnAlicia stared at each other for a moment. \"What do you say we go rent some video games?\" Chase suggested to hisndaughter, wanting to get out of the tension filled room as well as leavenNicole and Alicia alone. \"Sure.\" Ana replied and the two said goodbye and walked out of the room. \"Why are you here Alicia?\" Nicole asked. Another A/n: Don't worry! Alicia will not be here forever. She has anreason for being in the story, which you will find out soon. I have twonmore chapters written and typed to go up, but I have to proof read them andnfind reaction on this. Btw, what do you all think about Misha. She has anmajor part in the next chapters and I may have to re-write them dependingnon what you think of her.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five:nA/n: I forgot to mention this is about mid-April and It seems like it tooknplace in California in the book (Yes, I noticed Chase wore a Jacket towardsnthe end of DMC, but I am making it California anyway, it can get chillynthere during the winter months.) so that's were it is at. Lana is a newncharacter and she is based somewhat on my sister and her best friendncombined (although not that much, as those two are 14 years old.a littlenyoung to have been married and have a five year old daughter) Hopefully younwill not hate me for what happens in this chapter. Also this chapter maynbe boring but it meant to be a prep chapter for the next couple. I wouldnlike to thank my reviewers *wow around 40 reviews now * for reviewing. Inwould especially like to thank \"Ultrawoman\" who wrote a story that broke mynwriters block! THANKS!!! Chase walked into Time Zone, looking around the school as he entered.n It had not changed that much in the seven years since He graduated. Thenoffice was located in the same spot as it had all his life, so he easilynfound his way to it. Like the school, it hadn't changed much. It had beennexpanded into the room next door to allow for more office space and nownthere were two secretaries instead of just one. The one secretary was Mrs. Brinson. She had been the schools mainnsecretary for a long time. Even Rob Hammond could not remember a timenwithout her. She was beloved by all the students at the school and wasnmore known then the principal himself. The other secretary was new and much younger then Mrs. Brinson. Hernname was Lana Rowan and looked around Chase's age. He knew her because shenhad taken a history class with her senior year, although she had moved twonmonths after the second semester started and moved to Pittsburgh. She hadnbeen living with her father that year when her mother had gotten sick andnshe had to return to Pennsylvania. Chase had no idea how he rememberednthat. Looking at her now, he could see how much she had changed from thengirl who sat in front of him. She was slightly taller and had lost a lotnof weight. Her blond hair was a lot longer, now reaching mid-back insteadnof shoulder length. Her blue eyes were not as bright as they used to benand were now hid under glass frames. \"Hey Lana.\" He said, leaning on the counter. She looked up from herndesk and smiled. \"Hi Chase. What are you doing here.\" \"Getting an interview with Rope.\" \"Well, then you must be the one he's waiting for in his office. Gonahead back.\" Chase nodded his thanks and walked back to his formernprincipal's office. \"Ah, Chase you made it.\" Mr. Rope said as Chase entered the room. Henpointed for Chase to sit down and started to talk as Chase did so. \"So younhave finally graduated from college? That's good, always known you wouldnsucceed if you put your mind to it. Now lets see.You applied to become annEnglish teacher.\" He looked at Chase and Chase nodded. \"Well, then you haventhe job. Mr. Mirkwood retired last year and we have been needing anreplacement. Besides I knew you all though school and know your work ethic.n Will you be ready to start in August? \"Yes, of course.\" \"Well, then. I guess I shall see you in 4 months from now. ByenChase.\" Chasenstood up with Mr. Rope and shook his hand as he was saying goodbye. Henleft the office wondering why it seemed that went a bit fast for a jobninterview. It had taken, what Three minutes at the most?\" \"So, did you get the job?\" Mrs. Brinson asked as she saw him comenout of the office. \"Yes, actually.\" \"That's good.\" Mrs. Brinson went to her desk and pulled out threencandy bars. \"Here, I know you have to still like these. Give one tonNicole and Annie.\" She smiled. She stored candy bars in her drawers andnoften handed them to students. Nicole and Chase had been on her favoritesnand she knew they liked Hershey bars. Annie liked the cookie and creamnversion. Chase smiled as he caught them. \"Bye, Mrs. Brinson. See you in four months.\" Chase said as he leftnthe office going to his car. \"Bye Chase,\" Mrs. Brinson and Lana said as they watched him leave. \"This should be interesting,\" Mrs. Brinson commented before lookingnat her watch. \"By the way, Lana, don't you have to pick up Michelle?\" \"Oh! Of course I do. Thank you for reminding me Mrs. Brinson. Incan't believe I forgot.\" She grabs her stuff and ran out the door leavingnMrs. Brinson shaking her head. \"That girl is way too hard on herself.\" ** Nicole and Alicia sat talking in the hospital room. Alicia had told hernhow sorry she was and the fact of what happened to her with Andre. Nicolenhad decided to forgive her (after all it had been 7 years ago). They begannto talk, and it almost seemed no time had passed since they were bestnfriends. The two were planning Chase's birthday party for the next weekendnwhen Laura walked in. \"What are you ladies talking about?\" \"We are planning Chase's party, Mom. He turns 25 on Saturday.\" \"Yes, I know. I always thought it weird how you two had birthdays one weeknapart. So what are the plans?\" \"Well, we thought it would be a surprise party, Mrs. Maris.\" Alicia said.n\"It would only be a small party too. Just friends and family.\" Nicolennodded. \"That's a great plan.\" \"I guess, but what are we going to get him.\" \"I don't know. What would Chase want? But anyway, I came to tell you Ingot your discharge papers. You can go home today. Chloe however says thatnyou have to wait a week before you go back to work and she called your bossnand told her.\" Nicole moaned. She hated missing work. \"Well, I guess I'll just think of it as a vacation.\" Nicole said finally.n\"Can we go now?\" Alicia and Laura smiled. Nicole was back.n** Lana arrived at the pre-school center about 10 minutes late. She mentallyncursed as she got stuck in traffic. If she had left on time, she wouldnhave made it. And nothing could have told her otherwise. Michelle howevernhad not noticed her mother was late, as she was having fun on thenplayground with her friends Leeann Nealy, Anna Maris and Rebecca Morrison.nLana smiled as she watched her daughter play. She was so happy now. Lananwas glad she left Rick now. Now her daughter could enjoy the joys ofnchildhood. \"May I help you?\" the teacher in charge of watching the children till theirnparents picked them up asked. His name was Dirk Mirkwood (which made Lananwant to laugh but she decided against it) and he looked quite young to her. \"Yes, I'm here to pick up my daughter Michelle O'Reily.\" \"Oh yes, Mrs. Rowan, right?\" \"No, now it's Miss O'Reily. But you can call me Lana.\" The young teachernsmiled and called Gina over. All four of the children came over. \"Mom!\" Gina said as she ran up to hug her parent. Gina then went on tonintroduce her friends. Lana stayed and helped Mr. Mirkwood watch thenchildren. She met Chase again (and told him about her name change. Shenfound it odd that people knew her married last name) and then MonicanMorrison. Last left was Leeann and Michelle. Lana allowed the teacher tonleave while she waited for Leeann's mother to arrive. An hour later MishanNealy had not arrived and Lana was beginning to wonder. At last shendecided to take the girl home. She found out oddly enough that Leeannnlived across the street from her and Michelle. ** Ray was in the back room working out on his tread master when the doorbellnrang. He wasn't expecting anyone so he wondered whom it was as he walkedndown the stairs and to the front door. When he opened the door hisndaughter ran in and tackled him, but behind her was not Misha, but anothernwoman and her daughter. \"Umm.Hi.\" He said trying to pry his daughter away so he could breath anlittle better. \"Hi.\" The woman responded. \"I thought I would bring her home since It wasnon my way home.\" Then Ray remembered who she was. Lana O'Reily (althoughnHe was sure Chase had told him she got married and now was Lana Rowan)nlived across the street from him and her daughter went to the same pre-nschool. \"I'm sorry. Misha told me she was picking up Leeann today, so I didn'tnthink of it. Apparently she never showed up.\" \"Must have gotten stuck in traffic.\" Lana comments. Ray smiled. If onlynshe knew Misha, then she would know that was the most unlikely reason. \"Thanks for bringing Leeann home.\" \"Your welcome.\" Lana smiled \"It was nice to meet you.\" She continued.nShe was about to turn away when Ray called her back. \"Wait, you want to come in for some coffee?\" Lana smiled and nodded. \"Sure, although,\" she said walking though the door, \"You may want to put anshirt on.\" ** Misha watched the TV, leaning her head against Andre's chest. The two hadnbeen going out for about a year now, and so far no one had noticed it. Notneven Ray or Alicia. Andre had actually only dated Alicia because Misha andnhim wanted to destroy some relationships in the town. Misha's main goalnwas to break up Dee and Dave and possibly Nicole and Chase. Despite thenfact that Nicole and Chase were not technically together she wanted tondestroy whatever they had. Andre had no idea why She wanted to hurt thesenpeople but He didn't ask. He got to do what he wanted to and he got Misha.n That's all that mattered. \"You forgot to pick up that brat of yours,\" Andre murmured into her hair. \"Who cares? I don't. She can stay there forever for all I care.\" Andrensat up on the bed and looked at her. \"But she is your daughter.\" \"No, She's Ray's daughter. I never wanted her, he did. Therefore I reallyndon't care what is going to happen to her. Frankly I am getting tired ofnher and him. Despite the fact that he is going to get a lot of money somenday whenever he finally gets to be a director, I don't think I can lastnthat long. We need something faster to get the money.\" \"What about that O'Reily guy?\" \"Charles O'Reily? The multi-millionaire who owns half the town? Do younthink that's even possible? Besides I hear his \"Angel\" Lana is back inntown. She's not a stupid person, Andy. She would see right though us.\" \"But, are we not better then her.\" \"Of course.\" Misha smiled. \"Besides I bet no one knows why she left hernhusband.\" The wheels in Misha's head were rolling. They would get thenO'Reily fortune and leave Lana in the dust. Andre just smiled. He nevernreally had to do much. Misha planed everything and this time it looked tonbe her own project. But he would benefit. He wondered if Ray even knewnwhat his wife was doing to him. ** That weekend was the party, and by that time Alicia and Nicole hadnrecruited Laura, Dee, Dulcie and Marsha into helping plan the party. Theyndecided it would be at the Hammond/Maris household and that it would be anpool party, since the weather was now becoming warm again. Besides thenplanners, Ray, Leeann, Misha, Dave, Lila, Anna, Rob, Chase (of Course), andna new friend of Chase's named Lana. She apparently had just moved back tonCalifornia that past year and had gotten a job as a sectary for thenguidance department. Nicole and Alicia didn't remember her much, but Deenremembered her as a shy not very out-going girl who went out with anfootball player from New York named Rick Rowan. That's about all anyonenknew about her and so they decided to invite her and get to know hernbetter. It was going to be a great party if Nicole Maris had anything to do withnit. Ok, so I know I totally messed up Misha's Character, but we have to have anbad guy in the story and I wanted to be original and not have it be Alician(who really isn't that bad in the book, although she does try to kissnChase). What do you think of Lana?[Chapter 6] Chapter Six: Chase sat on a swing in the park not far from the house. He remembered going here as a child with Nicole and playing before their tree house was built. It still looked the same, although now it was a bit more polished with mulch instead of dirt and steel instead of wood. So much had happened in the last few weeks. He really didn't know why he had come back when he did. The only answer he had gotten was that he was tired of New York. It was a magnificent city, but not really him anymore. He was more of a sun and surf type of guy anyway. Annie was a surprise. He felt slightly guilty about condemning his best friend for stealing Nicole away. Ray had never done anything that would have said anything of that sort, but he had jumped to conclusions. For some odd reason, Ray had understood what he was thinking and forgiven him. He sighed. What exactly was his relationship with Nicole? They seemed to be at least friends, but there was so much he didn't know about her. He had never known that she was a lawyer for environmental organizations till her boss told him that. But the she didn't know that two months ago he had sent in an resume to Time Zone and had become an High school English teacher. Ray and Dave got a kick out of that as he had always corrected other people's grammar when they were in high school. Things had changed about his friends as well. Dave was happily married with Dee and had a beautiful daughter. Ray, the one person he thought would be the eternal bachelor-type of guy was engaged to marry Misha (even though most believed them to be already married) and he had Leeanne. Of course there was Lana, who had changed drastically. No longer was she the wallflower who loved the head-quarterback. Alicia had grown up a bit and Brad had smartened up and asked Kathy to marry him. It seemed like everything around him was changing, but he wasn't. He was just confused. \"Chase, why are you doing out here this early in the morning?\" came a voice. Chase looked up from his shoes to see Ray leaning against the swing-set poles. \"Thinking.\" Ray just nodded and walked over to the next swing to Chase and started to move back and forth. He was silent for a while, but Chase didn't mind. Thought the years they had known each other they had got accustomed to having silences that seemed normal. Of course there was the year that Ray had his \"problem\" as Mary Neely called it. \"Chase, what do you think of Misha.\" Ray said quietly. Chase really didn't know how to respond to this. His true opinion was that Misha wasn't Ray's type but he didn't think Ray would want him to say that. \"Why?\" \"I'm just wondering. I'm not sure what I think of her anymore.\" Ray replied. He looked down at his shoes, no longer moving. \"She left Leeanne at school last night and a neighbor brought her home.\" \"Neighbor?\" \"Yeah, someone moved into the Creevy place. Her name is Lana O'Rielly.\" \"Oh, I know her. She used to go to school with us. She has a kid?\" \"Yeah, a daughter named Melissa.\" \"Why did Misha not pick up Leeanne?\" \"I have no idea. That's the problem. I have no clue what she does. She is never home, especially on weekends, and she practically ignores the fact that she has a daughter.\" Ray stopped and looked at the trees bordering the park. \"She's not who I thought she was. I don't know what she is.\" \"Maybe you should separate for awhile. Maybe that would make things better.\" \"We are practically doing that now. If I had my way we would have been married 3 years ago when I asked her.\" Nothing was said for a while. Both were thinking about how their lives were not really what they wanted at all. Nicole and Dee sat in the kitchen of the former Maris residence, preparing some of the food for the party to be held later that night. Dee stood at one side of the kitchen, making a fruit salad and watching the children while Nicole stood near the sink, preparing the food that would be grilled. \"Do you think I should make Lasagna?\" \"No, we already have a ton of grilled food, plus your fruit salad and Chase's friend from his future job, Lana's multiple desserts. Have you ever had any of her Rocky Road Brownies?\" \"No since I never meet her, but I am sure they are fine\" Dee replied, bringing some star fruit over to the sink to be washed. \"I asked Dave about her last night.\" she continued as she rinsed the fruit. \"According to him, she was part of our senior class, but was rather introverted and didn't get out much. Apparently she was also part of the X-files fan group that he belonged to so he knows her somewhat.\" \"She seems nice.\" \"I agree. Speaking of which, did Misha ever say wither or not she was coming?\" Nicole snorted \"As if. I swear she hates me for some odd reason. She has never come to a party that I have held and has even been more distant since Chase returned. Didn't you notice that she acted a bit odd at our last Girls night out?\" \"Yeah. She was getting on Dulce's nerves with her trying to get information about her and Chase. I was afraid I was going to have to step in before a fight broke out between those two. What's up with Misha anyway?\" \"Who knows? Ana, don't stand on the table, you know better then that. Her reason for not coming to Chase's birthday party was that she \"had a meeting out of town.\" She's a TV anchor for goodness sake! She sits at a desk and tells the news. It's not like she's a traveling reporter.\" \"You think she's lying?\" \"Personally, yes, but don't tell that to Chase. Chase doesn't think she's that bad.\" \"Dave's the same way. Honestly I think she is bringing Ray down.\" Nicole nodded before walking into the attached dinning room to remind her daughter that she was not Donny Thornberry and therefore expected to act like a normal child...and stay away from the hanging light. When Chase arrived later that day, He found himself being given a surprise birthday party. The majority of his friends were there. Dave, Dee, Ray, Leeann, Nicole, Anna, and Leila were all there of course, but there was also Alicia, Marsha, his parents, Lana, Dulce (who had been doing a conference in Nevada but had flown in for the occasion. Misha wasn't there but that was expected. He didn't really get along with his best Friend's girlfriend-fiancée-wife (or whatever she was at the moment). Ray seemed to have fun more without her then with her, talking with Marsha. He shook his head. He knew that Nicole and Dee must have been behind it but he really couldn't see his friend with the shy women. Marsha seemed more the type for Principal Rope then for Ray. Dave had been in charge of the grill, and it had been quite funny to watch him. Obviously he hadn't done much cooking on Nicole's new grill and had nearly caught himself on fire numerous times. Chase just smiled as Dee rushed to the grill again to check on Dave and settled down into a lawn chair. A/N: I realize it has been a LONG LONG time but I am still working on it, see? I'm trying to revise the earlier chapters because they really need revision but I did have this chapter to upload. I will be periodically updating my chapters once I get them revised and beta'd. If anyone would like that position, I need oneuf04a ","Summary":" Crazy For You By Kori Lewis Rated: PG Category: Romance A/n: DMC belongs to FOX and the author of t"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"In the Course of Human Events","Author":"My Beautiful Ending","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8271477","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" –and I don't know when I'll be back, so I decided to visit,\" she said, glancing out the window of the Lorelei building where her grandfather lived. \"Since I've been busy lately, Gramps,\" she added, the lie tasting bitter on her tongue. But she'd have to stick to it; Mom didn't like Jeff, and most of the time, Gramps agreed with her. She wasn't going to consider the thought that she might be right. Her grandfather coughed, a wet, thick sound, and rubbed the oxygen hose on his nose. \"So what've you been up to, young lady?\" he asked, in a crackly voice. \"Work, mostly,\" she said, fiddling with strands of hair that were right on the line between blond and brown. \"And I've got a boyfriend,\" she added reluctantly. \"Oh?\" he asked, coughing again. \"What's his name?\" \"Jeff,\" she said, biting her lip. \"I met him at work.\" \"Office romance, Caro?\" her Gramps asked, winking at her. \"I guess,\" she said. I have no clue. \"How's Rosa doing?\" he asked, coughing again. \"Mom's good,\" she said. \"So's Christine. She and Ben are expecting, but they don't want the word out quite yet, so keep it quiet,\" she added with a smile. He nodded. \"Mum's the word,\" he said, coughing again. The wail of sirens grew outside the building. She leaned over and tried to get a better look, but the window was in an inconvenient spot. \"I don't know what's going on,\" she said, frowning. \"It's a bad window,\" Gramps said. \"I know; I live here.\" He coughed again. She laughed. When the door swung open and hit the wall loud enough to bang, she jumped and gasped. \"Don't move, don't say anything,\" the man who stood in the doorway said in a harsh whisper. The gun in his hand was enough to convince her. She knew guns, and she knew men who carried guns. They were usually willing to use them. This one certainly looked it –his clothes were ripped, and his dark face had extreme tension written all over it. He took a quick, furtive, glance out the doorway before shutting it and managing to climb up and brace himself against the ceiling and walls, using the bookcase near the door as a support. Gramps coughed, and she bit her lips hard. What was he doing here? What was he doing, period? What did he want? Was someone chasing him? Her question was answered momentarily as another man holding a gun burst into the room. She jumped again and realized she couldn't feel her lips anymore. He ran through her Gramps's small apartment, searching. She cast a small, furtive glance at the man against the ceiling, who was as still as a statue. Oh, God, she prayed, but couldn't think of what else to say. The second man turned back to them and frowned slightly. Fear clenched her heart as she glanced at her grandfather, who, bless him, was trying to signal to the man the location of the intruder. Her legs tightened with flight instinct. The second man got the hint just as the first man dropped on him. As they crashed into the partition between the two rooms, she flew to her feet and grabbed Gramps's wheelchair, trying frantically to pull him out of the room, out of the line of fire. As they smashed into something else, the wheel got caught on the doorway, and she wailed inwardly, feeling seconds slip away. She got the wheel unhooked from the doorframe and yanked Gramps into the hallway just as a young man came barreling around the corner down the hallway. He had a gun, too. \"US Marshal!\" She wordlessly pointed towards Gramps's room, trying to put distance between them and the chaos. She pulled the wheelchair down the hall as her Gramps coughed and the young man ran past them. She had nearly reached the end of the hall when the shot rang out. …No…! \"Stay here!\" she told her Gramps (like he was going anywhere) as she ran back to his room, feeling dread well up in her stomach. Guns always hurt people; she knew that better than most… It seemed so quiet as she took in the sight of the young man on his back on the floor, with a red stain welling up on his white T-shirt. His hands twitched and he gasped, which made her fall to her knees beside him as what little nurse's training she had gained before dropping out of school kicked in. She grabbed a towel from the bathroom and pressed it as hard as she could to the wound in his chest. Keep pressure…. \"Hey, can you hear me? Sweetie?\" She didn't know why she called him sweetie –he didn't look all that much older than she –but she had to call him something. \"Look at me, okay?\" she asked, trying to keep the fear out of her voice. His eyes slid over to her face. Well, that's good. A string of curses filled the air as someone dropped down beside her. \"Newman?\" an older man with a large nose and a taut expression said, \" Jesus, kid …\" The young man –Newman –coughed and tried to say something. \"Don't try to talk, kid,\" the older man said. \"Don't move, don't talk.\" The older man cursed some more and grabbed his walkie-talkie. \"This is Gerard in the 8th floor of the Lorelei building,\" he snapped, \"I need an ambulance; Newman has been shot! What the hell happened?\" he turned away from them to someone she recognized as the 'second man' who seemed quite distraught. \"Sheridan managed to get off a shot and Newman just –just walked right into it,\" he said, waving his hand. \"Walked right into it… oh, God…\" He seemed to notice her presence for the first time. \"Who're you?\" \"This is my grandfather's room,\" she said. \"I was visiting –I've had some nurse's training –\" she was babbling; she knew it. So did he. \"Okay,\" he said, going back to his radio, \"I repeat, I need an ambulance, do you copy?\" Luckily a police officer poked his head in the doorway just at that moment. \"I need your EMS team up hear pronto!\" he snapped angrily. \"Miss, can you –\" \"I'll stay,\" she said, applying renewed pressure. He went out the window. She felt… this huge sense of guilt. She had pointed him into here –he had gotten shot – \"You might want to let up, he's looking like he has trouble breathing –\" the 'second man' said. \"Who's the one with nurse's training?\" she snapped. \"That's right, me! Shut up!\" She was desperately afraid that if she let up the pressure on him, if she let go, he'd bleed right out. \"I'm so sorry,\" she said. \"I'm so, so sorry, sweetie… it's my fault –\" He blinked and shook his head slowly. \"N-no…\" he managed to choke the word out. \"J-job…\" \"Don't hurt yourself,\" she said. \"Okay? You stay with me, okay? You promise?\" He was turning whiter and whiter, but he had given what strength he had to make sure she knew he didn't blame her. \"Where're the medics?\" she snapped at the police officer. \"Here they are!\" he called, directing them in. Four men carrying a stretcher ran into the room, and immediately started assessing his vitals, trying to clear his airway, and helping her put pressure onto his wound. Her arms were going shaky from how hard she was trying to press this towel into his chest –which was getting soaked with red –but she had to stop the blood. It wasn't supposed to be out here… \"Ma'am, we're going to lift him onto the stretcher on the count of three, alright?\" one of the men said. \"Yes, alright,\" she said. \"One, two… three.\" They lifted him up and onto the stretcher, where they strapped him in and put an oxygen mask on his face. \"Can I come with him?\" she heard herself ask. \"Sure,\" the first man said. \"Do you mind keeping pressure?\" \"No,\" she said, reapplying force on the new bandage that had been put over the towel. That had been a basic rule –don't take dressings off, just put more over to stop the bleeding. They took the elevator. She didn't know what else to do except… talk to him. So she did. She asked him if his eyes had always been blue and if he had gotten the curly, sand-colored hair from his mother or father, if he had any brothers or sisters, and what his first name was. He couldn't talk back –and she thought that was a bad sign –but he was looking at her, so she kept it up. He had a very young face –what her mother would call a 'baby face' –and a nose that seemed a little out of proportion with the rest of his features, but it was kind of cute. She told him so. She thought she saw the corner of his mouth twitch under the mask. They got him in the ambulance and she climbed in, not thinking. The older man from before reappeared and climbed in after her. The doors closed and the sirens blared. \"This is unit 115, we are en route to the facility with a 32 year old male with a gunshot wound to the chest. ETA five minutes.\" She could tell it wasn't going well. As the paramedic called, \"Hey partner, can you hear me? Partner?\" and the older man whispered, \"His name is Noah, \" she kept talking. \"Noah, sweetie, we need your eyes open, okay? Can you do that for me?\" She said, and she heard the beeps slow. She let go of his hand long enough for them to use the defibrillator, but then she grabbed it again, saying in a louder voice, \"Noah, you promised me, now you open your eyes! Noah!\" She felt strangely gratified to see his eyelids flutter. \"That's good, okay?\" she said. \"Now keep them open, Noah. Understand?\" The ambulance stopped and the doors popped open, and she got out of the way to let the paramedics do their job. \"Does he have a chance?\" the hospital worker asked. \"Slim,\" the paramedics said. \"We had to defib, but he's still responding, so…\" She didn't hear the rest. She headed for the nearest clump of bushes and was promptly sick. \"At least I held off until now,\" she told herself, wiping her mouth. She stared at her hands without seeing them. They were red up to her wrists. I need to wash, she thought. I need to call Gramps. I need… \"Thank you,\" the older man said, and she jumped, not having realized he was that close. She nodded awkwardly. \"I hope he makes it,\" she whispered. \"If he does it's because of you,\" he said, and his voice was thick. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"I'm gonna…\" she motioned towards the hospital with her red hands. He nodded. As the blood ran down the drain in the bathroom, she wondered if she had underestimated herself again by quitting school those years ago. She scrubbed her hands under the sink. If he makes it, it's because of you, her mind whispered to her. It was a good thought.[Chapter 2] \"It's touch and go, really… he had the surgery, but his heart stopped again in the middle and we had to resuscitate. It's up to him now whether or not he wants to wake up.\" The surgeon's words kept echoing in Sam Gerard's mind as he sat beside Noah's bedside. It had been four days. They had gotten Sheridan back, and Royce was dead – he had shot the boy, not Sheridan… but Noah still hadn't woken up. \"We got him, kid,\" he said. \"I know you tried to tell me, but we got him.\" His mother and sister had arrived on day two, and after saying hello, Sam had let Cosmo and Savannah deal with them, mostly because he couldn't really handle sobbing women. Cooper understood; she was a woman, and Cosmo could lift most people's spirits by just being himself. He had apologized to Cosmo. Sort of. Hadn't really said the words 'I'm sorry,' but Cosmo knew what he meant. This kid just had to wake up. \"Newman, I'm gonna get some coffee. And when I get back, you'd better be awake,\" Sam said, using his US Marshals this-is-an-order-and-not-an-option voice. He left the room and Cooper took his place, sitting beside his bed and talking softly to him. The team was taking the night shift so his family could be with him in the day and get some decent sleep. He just needed some decent coffee, at the moment. Taking a sip of the hospital stuff, he shrugged. It wasn't the best, but he'd had worse –think black coffee with the consistency of mud that managed to taste like mud, too. He'd gotten it down, though. He took another sip. \"Sam!\" Cooper yelled. \"Sam, get in here!\" He was running before he heard her next words –\"He's awake!\" \"How you doin', kid?\" Sam asked, ascertaining with his own eyes that yes, Noah was awake and blinking. \"You okay?\" He blinked. \"Did… did we…\" \"We got them. Royce and Sheridan.\" \"He –he…\" \"I know, kid,\" Sam said, \"I know. Hey, Cooper, call his mother. She'll want to see him.\" \"I'm tired,\" Noah whispered. \"You want anything?\" \"Was she real?\" \"Who?\" \"The girl.\" Noah looked up at him in confusion. \"She… she kept talking… to me…\" \"Oh, her. Yeah, she was real. Kept pressure on your wound, probably saved your life,\" Sam said. \"Thought I dreamed her,\" Noah whispered. \"Who… is she?\" \"Don't know, kid.\" And it occurred to Sam, he really didn't know. Two days later, Noah was sitting up and feeding himself as Sam Gerard showed him a black and white photo from the hospital security footage. \"This her?\" Sam asked. \"I think so,\" Noah said. She wasn't looking at the camera, but the hair looked right. \"Biggs is trying to find her grandfather at the Lorelei building to get a name,\" Sam said, leaving the picture on the table. \"Why don't you eat your pears?\" \"I don't like pears,\" Noah said. \"I don't care.\" \"Aren't people supposed to be able to eat whatever they want when they're sick?\" Noah asked. \"I wouldn't know; I'm never sick,\" Sam said. Noah smiled at that. \"But she didn't say anything, Sam? Not her name, nothing?\" \"She said something about nurse's training,\" Sam said. \"If nothing else pans out, we'll start scouring the nursing schools. We'll find her, kid.\" Well, they found her. Sort of. \"Her name's Caroline Pierce,\" Sam told Newman. \"She goes by Caro. Twenty-eight. She was visiting her grandfather when hell broke loose. She dropped out of nursing school after a year, and works as a secretary for a lawyer. But, according to either her mother or grandfather, depending on which one you ask, she's either on vacation or a business trip.\" His juice went down the wrong way and he had to cough. \"What?\" Noah said, frowning. \"It's weird. Her apartment's cleaned out like she wasn't expecting to come back –no food in the fridge, nothing.\" \"Anybody know who else is going on this vacation business trip?\" Noah asked. \"Nope. And the lawyer's address doesn't exist. The grandfather said she did tell him about a boyfriend named Jeff and that she met him at work, but nothing's come up so far.\" \"Maybe I really did dream her,\" Noah muttered. Sam grinned. \"Well, try to do it again, huh? But let us worry about this mystery girl. You just get better, okay kid?\" \"Yeah,\" he agreed. \"I get to start walking soon.\" \"That's great, kid.\" \"The Doctor said maybe a month or two until I can go back into the field.\" \"You sure you're up for it?\" \"Sam.\" Noah looked at him. \"I want to go back to work. This is all I've ever wanted to do.\" \"Okay kid. Then get better.\"[Chapter 3] Caro was slowly and efficiently shredding her napkin to bits. The restaurant was dimly lit and she was tired. She wanted to go to sleep. No. She wanted to go home. She missed her mother, her grandfather, and her sister –had she had the baby yet? Was it a boy or girl? –and she was sick of being 'arm candy.' Well. Arm candy and the girl in charge of the books. When she agreed to this trip, she had thought her misgivings were just about how she felt about Jeff. Turns out, she had misgivings about everything from his family, to his friends, to the actual point of this trip… she had never meant to stay away this long. She jumped as he touched her arm. \"What's up, baby?\" She hesitated, but finally said, \"Jeff, you said this trip would only take a few weeks. It's been four months.\" \"So? Haven't you been having fun?\" He slicked back his black hair and leaned back in his seat. He was an up-and-coming lawyer, just like his father, but she knew about their dealings with the mob now. She knew what kind of man he was now. He was a snake in the grass. Her mother had been right. \"I need to get home ,\" she said, hating the quiver in her voice. \"Babe, we can't have anyone really…wandering off right now, okay? When things cool down, we'll talk, all right?\" he smiled at her charmingly. It made all the girls weak at the knees. All the girls who didn't know him. And she did. And she was tired of him and his smile and his work and if she wasn't afraid of his family, she'd quit. But she couldn't quit. There was just this feeling that she couldn't shake, that told her she couldn't escape. She had felt it two weeks into the trip when she discovered the strange, out of place documents in his father's briefcase, detailing funds that she couldn't find a record of and people that weren't in the client list. And then Jeff had walked up behind her, taken the papers out of her hand, and told her to mind her own business. He had pinched her, too. Hard enough to bruise. No escape . Then, as they bounced around from country to country, state to state, never staying in one place for more than two weeks, she had wondered. No escape. And her questions about when they would be finished traveling kept getting put off. No escape. And then she had snooped at a keyhole one evening, and Jeff had found out and slapped her for it. Oh, he apologized right after, but she had seen his face. She had felt the sting. The man wasn't who she had thought he was, but she knew exactly what he was now. He was the man who was basically holding her captive. She didn't know how to leave. No escape. Jeff signaled the waiter and asked for a meal to go, and Caro knew whom it was for. Jeff's friend –an actual friend, surprisingly –that had arrived at the family's house under…rather dubious circumstances, the friend that she was discouraged from talking to. His name was Parker Gregson, and she suspected he was hiding. And given Jeff's family's dealings, he could only be hiding from the law. That had only intensified her need to escape, to flee… but it also threw one more reason on her head that Jeff's family would never let her leave. Trapped like rats. The food came, and they walked out into the dusk. \"Sam,\" Noah whispered. \" Look.\" They were staked outside the restaurant where the friend of their quarry was eating dinner. It was as hot as blazes, and he and Sam and Biggs were all sweating bullets and wishing they were with Cooper and Renfro, watching the house. But as he watched the two people leaving the restaurant, he completely forgot about it. Because the girl he had been trying to find for months had reappeared. Sam, dressed up like a homeless junkie, frowned his trademark scowl. \" Jeff … Rupert Jeffrey Hightower III, son of the second Hightower, who I'm betting is her lawyer boss,\" he growled. \"Now, who's that bag of food for, I wonder?\" Noah couldn't drag his eyes off of the girl. They were coming closer. \"Keep your eyes in your head, kid, and remember the cover,\" Sam muttered. Right. He was managing to look like a druggie (and it was working, he had grown his hair out again), so he let his hands shake some more and took the cigarette Biggs held out with another set of shaky hands. He couldn't help taking another look, though. And she saw him. Astonishment rippled through her, and her feet slowed. Enough that the guy she was with yanked on her arm hard enough to make her almost stumble. But she shot another look at him before they turned the corner. There was something in her eyes, something like… hope? \"The dad's evidently pretty sharp, but I don't know that the son inherited his smarts,\" Biggs muttered. \"Getting his friend Gregson some take out? Sheesh.\" \"We move in the morning,\" Sam decided, scratching at the cap he wore. \"Call Cooper and Cosmo.\" \"Sam,\" Noah said. \"Yeah, kid.\" \"Do you think she's with them?\" \"Don't know, kid. Guess we'll find out. But stay focused , okay?\" Noah nodded under his boss and friend's sharp gaze. \"Got it, boss.\" \"Good. Let's go get some sleep. Early day tomorrow.\" Noah. The name had been resonating in her head ever since she had seen him in the street. Noah. She had thought often of calling the hospital to see if he had made it, but she had always found a reason not to –and now she knew that she would have been terribly hurt if he hadn't… But he had , and she had seen him. Looking a bit different, admittedly; his hair was much longer, and he was… Looking like a junkie. But that wasn't right at all; he was a US Marshal … Oh. Oh. Sitting up in her room, Caro wondered whom, exactly, they were looking for. Now that she thought about it, she thought that the man with the cap beside Noah could have been the older, frowning man from that day. Yes, it was very likely that they were wanting someone in the house –Jeff, his father, his friend, their coworkers… oh, dear Lord they were coming for them –what if they thought she was part of it all –that she was a willing participant… She put on her shoes, knowing only that she had to get out . She slipped quietly down the stairs and through the dark hall, but the light in the living room stopped her. Mr. Hightower was still awake. \"Can't sleep, Caroline?\" he asked, raising an eyebrow. She smiled tightly. \"Just…getting some water.\" She forced herself to go to the kitchen. Jeff's friend Parker froze mid-bite as she walked in. She smiled her not-smile at him and mechanically got a glass and filled it with water before walking out and back up the stairs. Obviously, running was not a good plan. Of course it wasn't a good plan. She had thought about this for a while now! Stupid, stupid , she thought to herself. And if she did run, and they discovered it, then whatever Noah and the other Marshals were planning was undone. I can't take the chance, Caro thought. But… she could do this. She grabbed the dark red scarf she had bought more for fashion than warmth and opened the window enough to let it hang down a few feet, then shut it. She hoped someone named Noah would have some idea of what it meant. Or that any of them would. She stared out into the dark night, and didn't remember falling asleep.[Chapter 4] AN: One more chapter after this, and then the one-shot stories! You know who you are. \"Just like going to get Copeland,\" Noah muttered as he and Sam stumbled down the sidewalk in the early gray morning. \"Do me a favor and don't get grabbed again,\" Sam said. \"Right.\" \"Keep your head. And be drunk , Newman.\" Noah lurched a little bit more and coughed. \"You kids ready?\" Sam said into the radios. \"We copy,\" the rest of the team said. \"Here we go.\" At the sound of smashing wood, her head flew up off of her arms, disoriented. Someone yelled \"US Marshals, everybody down!\" and someone –the maid, probably –screamed. Caro took a deep breath and opened her door, raising her hands in the appropriate I-am-unarmed-please-do-not-shoot position. Her baggy t-shirt and shorts would have to do. \"Caroline –Caroline, come on!\" Jeff screamed, running to her door with Parker. \"We've got to –\" \" You've got to,\" she corrected with a bravery that she didn't know she had. He sputtered for half a second, but the yell \"Let me see those hands!\" from downstairs was enough to wake him up. \"Fine,\" he said, with a couple of other choice words about her and her mother. \"Freeze!\" \"Oh, no,\" Parker growled, grabbing her arm and wrapping a hand around her throat enough to cut off most of her air supply. She choked. \"What're you –\" Jeff shrieked. \"I'm getting outta here, man! Hey, I got a hostage! I want outta here! I'll kill her!\" he screamed. Caro writhed in his grip. He didn't have a gun. If she could just breathe– \"Let her go!\" the figure dashing up the stairs snapped. Noah. She had forgotten how tall he was. She was managing to kick Parker in the shins, but she still couldn't get a big enough breath. \"There's no way out of this,\" Noah said. \"Let her go and make it easier on yourself.\" \"No way, man!\" Parker yelled, dragging her backwards. She had no clue where he was going –there were no other stairs in the house. \"Caro.\" Her eyes snapped to the man with curly disheveled hair in front of her. He had never said her name before. He remembered. \"Drop.\" And she did it without thinking, folding up her legs so that she no longer held up her weight –it was Parker who was doing it with his grip on her arm and throat –and he wasn't expecting it, and so she dropped half a foot before he realized. BLAM. And she was falling forward, finally able to breathe –air was so nice –and she was caught up in a pair of arms that were rough and scratchy, but she knew it was the hobo outfit. When she tried to turn her head in a knee-jerk what-was-that reaction, he held her head and said, \"Don't look.\" \"Is –is he…\" \"Just wounded. He'll live. You all right?\" She looked up into his face –he definitely had at least four inches on her –and nodded. Her eyes went to his chest and her fingers traced the now invisible wound. \"So you made it,\" she said. \"That… that's good. I wondered.\" \"I hear I've got you to thank,\" he said. She did blush then. \"Good call, young man,\" the older man said, passing them and clapping him on the shoulder. Noah smiled, and Caro wondered if she had ever seen anything more beautiful. \"Thanks, Sam,\" he said. \"Get this girl something for her throat; we'll take care of this,\" he said, motioning to what must have been Parker and Jeff, who she could see out of the corner of her eye, cowering in fear and shock. Throat? What was wrong with it? She felt around, and yes, it seemed –yeah, okay, it hurt a bit. A lot. \"That's gonna bruise,\" Noah said. \"Come on.\" As she put her hand in his, she whispered, \"Noah.\" He looked back at her. \"What?\" \"Nothing,\" Caro whispered. \"I just wanted to say your name.\" He smiled.[Chapter 5] AN: this is pretty short, but it seemed like it needed to be separate. The one shot series is going to be called \"Hold These Truths to be Self Evident.\" Take a look! :) \"US Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard. I don't think we've officially met.\" Caro shifted the ice pack, which was very cold (but refreshing) against her sore neck, to her other hand in order to shake the one he held outstretched. \"Caro,\" she said. \"I remember. Thank you.\" \"We'll have to take you in to ask you some questions, but I don't think it will take long,\" Sam said. \"This kid can look after you 'til then. That okay?\" \"Sure,\" Caro said with a smile, glancing at Noah. He hadn't really left her since he caught her. She didn't mind. \"So this is Noah's girl, huh? She's pretty,\" A shorter man with a beard said, coming up to him. \"Caro, this is Cosmo Renfro,\" Noah said. \"And that back there is Bobby Biggs and Savannah Cooper.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" She said, smiling. \"You're practically family now,\" Sam said. \"Speaking of family, your mother's been worried about you. We couldn't find you after Noah got himself shot.\" \"Hey,\" Noah objected. \"Not my fault.\" Mom. \"I tried to call in the beginning, but it was…ah, discouraged. I did get her a couple of times, though,\" Caro said, \"Just to tell her I was alright. Can I call her now?\" \"Sure, Cosmo's got a phone,\" Sam said, and Cosmo handed it over to her. She thanked him and walked a little bit away to call home. \" 'Discouraged'?\" Noah repeated, feeling more than just a little angry. Sam cursed. \"Man, wouldn't ya just like to get your hands on that guy…\" Cosmo muttered. \"I wonder if she'd be willing to testify,\" Savannah murmured. \"That'd be something else to slap down on whatever the DA's got.\" \"That's a good idea, Cooper. You ask her once she's done with her phone call; use that female intuition you've got,\" Sam said. \"Newman, you and Cosmo take her to the office where we can get her statement. Biggs, you and I and Cooper will wrap up here. Capiche?\" \"Yeah, we got it, Sammy,\" Cosmo said. \"Alright, I'll get the car. Newman, go get your girl.\" \"She's not 'my' girl,\" Noah said. The whole team stared at him. \"Son,\" Sam said, clapping him on the shoulder. \"She is most definitely 'your girl'.\" His face might or might not have been turning red as he looked at Caro. She was still on the phone, but she met his eyes and smiled widely. He didn't mind. The End ","Summary":" \" –and I don't know when I'll be back, so I decided to visit,\" she said, glancing out the window "},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"A Stuart Little Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12204483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Stuart Little Poem A cute little white mouse Has big adventures in the Big Apple Living at home with three humans and a cat Affectionately known as Snowball Who just cares about eating and napping Stuart loves to feel the wind in his fur as he drives his little red car Along the streets of New York City ","Summary":" A Stuart Little Poem A cute little white mouse Has big adventures in the Big Apple Living at home w"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Stuart little's BIG dream","Author":"Erman Bullock","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12929242","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stewart little is a tiny mouse child, but did anyone ask him how he feels about it? Whether he WANTED to be this way? No! Those selfish pigs… While Stewart little may be the smallest kid on the block, he has BIG dreams. BIG I TELL YOU! Just watch! He will become the BIGGEST man you have ever seen. And that's where this story starts. Where Stewart is, as we speak, working towards his BIG dreams- in tiny bit sized increments at a time. While this is happening, Stewart's father was too busy with the more mediocre things in his life. Still dumbly using his words for talking, instead of using them to become the person he is meant to be. Just as god intended. \"Stewart little, have you seen the ….. What are you doing?\" A concerned but VERY STUPID father said to 'his child'. He entered the room looking for his car keys, but what he found was more important. There on the kitchen counter was a proud mouse with his pride. An assortment of fine cheese's and meats were set up in an array in front of him, and one by one where entering his gaping hole. \"Well what does it look like I am doing father, I am become the BIG boy you always wanted me to be.\" The mouse said while stretching out his GOOD features to him. His father hide his own bodily insecurities as he recoiled at the ideal sight of a mouse and his feed. \"I-I… .uh…. Son do we need to talk?\" The father almost fell over in awe, he had clearly not seen the handsome mouse in his prime. It was hard not to envision yourself drooling all over his pecks—and inside them. \"This is no time for mere words. You see, I have reached the peak of enlightenment. I have learned my TRUE purpose in life\" Stewart little couldn't help but flex his attractive stomach, displaying his nice 12 pack of abs; An advantage that fat has over mere muscles. He wiggled the folds just for effect, making the satisfying sound of oily skin over oily skin. \"Now look at me now Dad! You might be so proud\" \"I..I don't know what to say…\" Speechless. The father was in complete shock, it wasn't every day that he would meet an actual god. And who knew that his very own son would become one? Would his jealousy overtake him, or will his finally give into his desires-not just of the stomach, his heart has NEEDS too you know… \"Shhhhhh… Don't say anything…. In noise do we cease growing, let thine only teachings be of thine own mind and body. Where life means to grow, and to grow means to harbor all of life. Give in and prosper, like I have.\" He spoke his heart, as well as his stomach. Stewart BIG, the formally little, now has indeed become larger than life itself. He is truly someone that everyone can learn by—aspire to become. But to a father, it can be hard to see your own child surpass you in their life time. Father threw up. It was not enough for Stewart Little, is own son, to be better than him—But why did he have to be more Hotter than him as well. Stewart, being of a free mind, couldn't let anything go to waste. So he decided to help himself to his father's final gift to him—representing Stewart's final transition into manhood. This was just Stewart's Father's humble way of saying his final goodbye—as he can no longer offer his child something to help him in his journey through life. \"Thank you Father! For the contribution you have made in my life. I suppose now, you will have to become MY Master.\" Stewards said, still humbled by his father's offering. His father, now crouched over in a feeble position, obviously stayed as such as a form of bow. Bows are the proper mannerisms to me respect—nice move. Steward couldn't help but smile between slurps. So, to signify and finalize the mutual agreement between master and servant, Steward respectfully secreted a liq….. . . . \"Stop dang, Wat iz dat you pimple crepe! I wal nawt enjourage wat is trash and ugly to me to daz…\" A mysterious figure emerged \"Thank you…. Manky mice!\" Where the dying words of a grown father in his forty… shame. \"Oh ho! What is this! We are both mice here, why don't we dig in and continue this lovely meal!\" Steward said to his superior. Hey, wait a second, I am the narrator here, and I say Steward BIG is god. No. DISMISSED What? Wait! I … I needed to… no… I need more time \"OH YA you butt winkle, I saw tat you are a stupid man with LITTLE TO NO EXPERIENCE AS A REAL HUMAN MAN, unlike myelf and it fact mans!\" Manky the danky mice man spoke words of da truth. Before you knew it, you were dead and you were saved from a terrible fanfiction. The narrator got shot and Stank, or whatever that fat mound name was, is a dead fat mound now. Because Manky mice shot both of them, IN THE FACE MAN! Because Manky mice IS god. Also, before this story is fully settled and done with, Manky mice would like to say a few words about this 'fetish' of yours. \"Yo, you stupid man pig! Fetishes are okay, but something dey bad. Wat is wrong with yo shel you sammamder toe cream! Manky the man dog mice waz her 4 yo now and present, but dis tank is no goold . Get out and be out! If nawt for your family and bbepole that may love and be you, then for me, because I AM god yo! And them you leave and didn't read fetish stories like this,EVER! THE END ","Summary":" Stewart little is a tiny mouse child, but did anyone ask him how he feels about it? Whether he WANT"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Stuart Lament","Author":"Bloodlustful","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11501202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good evening, all! Today is the 14th anniversary of the 9/11 tragedy. Of course, you already knew that, but I wanted to make it clear what this memorial tribute fanfic was for. For this latest of the ones I've written, I chose the Stuart Little movies for the franchise/universe it takes place in because of the following. First of all, for the most obvious reason, the Stuart Little movies take place in New York City, and so it is pretty fitting and only too appropriate that they would be used for a memorial tribute to the September 11th attacks. That, and the Littles are a family of very nice individuals(especially Stuart)and a cat who, despite being mean at first, turns out to have a heart and become much nicer at the end of it, along with how he and Stuart become closer when the latter grows on that cat who goes by the name of Snowbell and that same Snowbell warms up to him. So none of them would expect, want, condone or agree with something so unpardonable as what was done and seen on September 11th, 2001. And secondly, the fact that the second Stuart Little movie was made in summer of 2002 and thus while people were still at a considerable level of nursing their wounds from the 9/11 terrorist attack(especially since it wasn't even September of 2002 yet and thus the unspeakable tragedy hadn't even reached its first year anniversary)further spurs me to write a fanfic that is a tribute to September 11th. The third reason? I'm actually surprised that no one has done this sort of thing for the Stuart Little category of yet. So I guess I'll be the first one to do so, especially since I've already written seven 9/11 tribute fanfics prior to now(one in 2010, 2013 and 2014 and two in 2011 and 2012). I am hoping that this story will move and touch you as much as any tribute to the terrorist assaults on the USA on 9/11/01 should do to the one reading or viewing it, in this case reading, of course. THINGS TO NOTE: This tribute takes place, rather predictably, between the first two Stuart Little movies, since it takes place, also rather predictably, on September 11th, 2001, and specifically in the part of the morning that was the aftermath of that horrific, harrowing tragedy of that fateful, absolutely world and universe scarring day. I've chosen to make it so that, unlike most of my stories, 9/11 tributes or otherwise, what characters say isn't mentioned here despite happening by all means. Rather, I'm letting what's going on speak to all of you and for all characters for both a little difference from the usual way I do things and for how this is a little dose of the idea of actions speaking louder than words I ordinarily don't use. Along with that which is predictable(that is, the Littles being part of this story and of course hit hard in a way most terrible and on a level just as horrid as all others in this story), I'm having it so that the rotten ones from the first movie(Anton, Smokey, the four followers of the latter, the mice who posed as Stuart's parents and Monty)are also hit hard and part of the ones who help along with the Littles and anyone else who's helping out. Why? Because it's to signify and emphasize, in a metaphorical sense, how that day, that tragedy, affected us all and levels of good, bad or mixed didn't matter and neither did how things normally were between one or the other of us or vice versa and so on and so forth. But I wanted to do so in a way that made sense(i.e. I wasn't going to use Falcon to fill that niche, for he's been proven to be the most evil Stuart Little movie villain there is and noticeably so, as his article on Villains Wiki shows, plus Stuart hasn't even met him or Margalo yet in the part of the film continuity where this 9/11 tribute fanfic takes place, so using Falcon for that metaphor would be phony and unacceptable). The way this is done, by the way, makes it so that, in Smokey's case, his fate, while left ambiguous in the actual 1999 film, is made so that he survived, albeit with a lot of injuries, before finding a place to hide and recover in this story to fit the trend. Additionally, I figured that, if Falcon can be made to have survived his fall into that trash can at the end of the second movie that would follow this fanfic if it were part of the actual continuity, and on top of that made to be one of the villains in the 2003 Stuart Little cartoon which follows the second movie and get a non-dying defeat again(being trapped in that cage and jailed, that is), then Smokey, his cat followers, the mice who faked being Stuart's parents, Anton and Monty sure can be used to fill the niche I speak of as part of the meaning, feeling and point of this story that goes with all the other parts of those three things. I own none of the characters. They all belong to their respective franchises. Stuart Lament It was morning in New York City and for everyone in it, and therefore for the Little family, as well, for they were no exception. But the morning they were currently in the middle of and therefore experiencing was a most unconventional one, indeed, and by no means in anything even resembling a good way. You see, on this morning, there had been a terrorist attack on the World Trade Center in this city that was the capital of the state called New York. Not only that, but there had been one on the Pentagon in Virginia, too, as well as how a fourth one was meant to be unleashed. And on the White House in Washington D.C. that bordered Maryland and Virginia and was the capital of America and the home of the President who was George Walker Bush. Early on in this morning, nineteen Al Qaeda hijackers who were also ghouls who had the shamelessness to disguise themselves as human beings had taken control of four planes. The first one of them to take off, American Airlines Flight 11, was flown at and slammed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center at 8: 46. The second one, United Airlines Flight 175, was aimed at and rammed into the South Tower at 9: 03. American citizens now knew any doubt the U.S.A was being attacked was gone. The third of them, American Airlines Flight 77, was gone for and crashed into the Pentagon at 9: 37. But the death and terror didn't end there. Far from it. For the South Tower gave way and collapsed at 9: 59. Meanwhile, unlike the other three planes, the fourth plane, United Airlines Flight 93, did not reach its target, for the passengers in it did all they could to put a stop to the hijackers. They were successful in preventing it from getting to the White House, but the terrorists in it saw it crashed into a field in rural Pennsylvania, said crash occurring at 10.03. Which means, of course, that like was the case with the planes which reached their targets, everyone aboard, be it terrorist or American passenger, was killed on the spot. Back in NYC, the North Tower collapsed at 10: 28. And by that time, numerous people all over the nation, and the world, for that matter, had learned of the heinous assault on America. Virtually everyone in that world, especially in America and doubly especially in the Big Apple, were shocked, saddened and enraged. So much that each feeling dwarfed the galaxy. And many things went on both in the regions of NYC and the region of Virginia where the indescribably villainous, absolutely unforgivable atrocities had been made to happen. As well as in America along with all other countries, but NYC was, quite fittingly, where the most of them occurred, with Virginia following up a close second. One of these things was that certain events(such as scheduled baseball games)and certain attractions(such as Disneyland)were closed down and would be for a noticeable amount of time. Another of these things was that some, though not all, schools were closed and the students attending the closed schools were sent home. In the cases of Stuart and George Little, their school was one of the closed ones, and while they would normally be delighted to go home early, they just couldn't feel that way now. Not with their knowledge of how it happened because of these grave events and the grave events themselves. Of course this was the case with all of the other students at that school. Just like it was with the students of all the other closed schools. But Stuart and George are the main focuses of that part. For, upon learning of the attacks and that their sons would be sent home early, Frederick and Eleanor Little quickly went outside of their home and took Snowbell with them. Shortly thereafter, Stuart and George arrived near their home to see their parents and their cat right there in front of them, and while George got off the bus and ran towards them? Stuart promptly stopped his car and did the same thing, and Eleanor knelt down to hug Stuart fast along with Snowbell doing the same thing(something he never thought he'd do). Frederick also knelt down to hug George, but in both cases, the hug was brief, and the Little parents stood up again while Snowbell backed away a couple of steps like they did. The reason for this, of course, was because they knew that they had to help any which way that they could, and looked for any means possible to get to the site of the aftermath. They were able to find one and get there, and once they did, they were unable to believe what they saw before their eyes, just like they were unable to believe it when first hearing of it. But they were only stilled for a moment, as they needed to help out in any fashion at all possible. Soon enough, they saw multiple NYFD firefighters, NYPD officers, what have you. It wasn't the least bit long before they let them know that they would do anything to help out and go all out in so doing, and the cops and firemen alike let them know how they could. They looked around as best as their capabilities would allow them for any survivors of the considerable assailing against America, and they were thankfully able to find some. While their teamwork enabled them to successfully help those survivors out and get them to an ambulance in order to make sure they were brought to a hospital, one thing was still so. Despite how they ignored such feelings because it wasn't an option to give in to them right now, they were feeling just the way that anyone and everyone with half a soul was. And that meant the aforementioned shock, sadness and rage, as well as pain, fear and knowledge that nothing would ever be the same again on very equal, endless levels indeed. But more than this, just as they'd rescued as many survivors as they could and done the best that they could for them along with making a 911 call for anyone they weren't able to save? Along with how those ones were either saved by everyday heroes or, in the saddest cases/those of the unlucky ones, taken away as corpses, something most unexpected was seen. It turned out that literally anyone and everyone in or near this part of New York City, human or animal, was now here and trying to aid the ones who needed it the most. As in, even bullies like Anton were looking around and helping out with what people were doing the same. And the rescue dogs were being assisted by the most unlikely of allies. Those unlikely allies were as follows. They were Smokey along with the other cats who he had commanded and, along with them, had tried to eat Stuart before. And those same cats had some unlikely allies joining them in all of this as well. Who, you ask? First of all, there were those two mice they'd had pose as Stuart Little's parents. To say nothing of that dog who went after Smokey before and hurt him bad before he was able to escape, find a hiding place and recover. It had recently become a rescue dog, you see. And indeed it was one of the ones helping here. Despite the fact that the Little family fully recognized them all, none of them reacted furiously, with hostility or anything of the sort. Likewise, even when the lot of them saw that the Little family was there and could tell who they were, neither Smokey nor any of the others were angry or intent on payback/revenge. In fact, not only could Stuart see in the eyes of all of the cats and both of the mice who had posed as his parents the same feelings they had but also a vulnerability of sorts. Said vulnerability well revealed that the five alley cats, even Smokey, were just as sorry as the mice who'd pretended to be Stuart's real parents for what they had done. Even without that having happened prior to these tragic events(which it did, long story), there was also the way that some things matter more than enmities, grudges and/or rivalries. Furthermore, even if the five cats and, to a lesser extent, the two parent fraud mice, had not lately decided to turn over a new leaf(and they had, again, long story)the fact is as follows. These excruciatingly devastating, painful and suffering filled events would scar, torture and traumatize all but the very most vile, monstrous, soulless, heartless, sinister and diabolical. Even bad guys of the regular or even the higher ranking sort would not go as far as the hijacking terrorists who could easily be considered agents of Satan and all of the above six did. There was also the far from insignificant matter of how the antagonist relationship between Smokey and the dog who now had the heroic job he did meant nothing to either here. Let's not leave out how the dog's feelings also being the same as those of the Littles were accompanied by how he saw it in their eyes, and them his. He and Smokey saw those feelings in one another's eyes as well, and the dog seeing the vulnerability and sorry feeling in Smokey's eyes made it so he did two additional things. The first was to appreciate Smokey playing a part in heroic, life saving matters and the second was to decide to, when this rescue mission ended, let him go and stop trying to kill him. If he would agree to them not being rivals or foes anymore, that is, and Smokey could tell that it'd be his best bet to do just that if given the chance, so he would at the end of this service. Going back to how the main matter, the here and now, the time and place is what we focus on, the feelings that were present in everyone's souls shone through those same souls. It was not important how pure, vice-laden, in-between those two traits and/or new leaf turned over any of those souls might have been. Not when this sort of crisis was going on. No more than what any of them thought of one another, did to each other, what have you was important at all when something this critical was the case and so much was at stake. And with how not just Stuart, but also Frederick, Eleanor, George and Snowbell could see such things and the same feelings they were exhibiting in those five cats and those two mice? It was something that emphasized such facts considerably. And, as a bonus, another cat who was filling the \"rescue cat\" niche was Monty, and he was only a small distance away. Away from the cat quintet along with the Little family, just to clarify. Snowbell was the first to face him despite having spotted him before, followed by Stuart and then the other Littles, Much the same things could be said about Anton, with the exception of George being the first one to face him despite having spotted him before. As you might have guessed, just as the five former villain cats and the two once fraud mice, now vulnerable, were seen with shared feelings in their eyes by the Littles and vice versa? Why, Monty was also seen with much the same thing by the Littles and vice versa, and so was Anton. Monty didn't want Stuart as food this time, just as Smokey and the cats he led didn't. It mattered not to Stuart that Monty had previously wanted to eat him to the point of begging to(with his famous \"please\")outside of that one \"mouse with a pet cat\" laugh they had. And Anton had no intention of bullying, deriding and/or getting back at George and/or Stuart, nor was George intent on gloating to Anton about winning that boat race of before. Stuart would not show any hatred toward Anton for trying to get rid of him during that boat race. Both for being a sweet, forgiving guy and because such loath was irrelevant here. The other children who had been at that boat race and normally disliked Anton had come here to help and, when spotting Anton, had seen in his eyes what the Littles did and vice versa. What did it matter to them how much of a jerk he usually was or to him how much he ordinarily looked down on them? This was a situation that came well before than any of that. The way George tackled Anton for insulting Stuart made no difference to either now. The insults themselves were immaterial to Stuart. Anton didn't care about his rivalry with George. George didn't care about his rivalry with Anton one way or the other, either, nor about the insults Anton had thrown his way in the past. After all, this hideous disaster went past them. Of course the other children the Littles saw were exhibiting the same feelings they were, and it was another matter of them seeing it in their eyes and vice versa. Just like the hard work and considerable effort put into locating those still alive and with a chance to stay alive along with any other way to help was so, the omni-uniting was as well. No matter where we are from, who we are, what our age is, which ancestry we've got, what ethnicity we have, what color we are, how we look or how we sound, we are one. And a tragedy of an atrocity such as this one brought us together with a common cause, one to save those we could, grieve for those who died and sympathize with those with losses. Our personalities and the variations thereof didn't keep us apart in the aftermath of this felonious assault on our home of Beelzebub level evil that was nothing short of inexcusable. What we were otherwise didn't stop us from coming together and doing everything in our power to serve the greater good after the unforgettably loathsome attack of destruction and death. Particularly since not only the hijackers who did the dastardly, despicable and disgusting deed(the act that was the most of all of those things in all of mankind), but also? Also the rest of Al Qaeda, especially its leader and orchestrator, the nefarious coward and selfish scumbag of a villainous hypocrite Osama Bin Laden, had proven evil beyond evil. For their actions were just that, and while this was by no means the first time they had attacked either the US or some other part of the world, it was by all means and by far the worst. Along with, besides how it signified wickedness, monstrousness, cowardice, callousness and heartlessness in a league of its very own, it was the one that ended the most lives. The true way of all that lives and breathes is not shown in buildings. It is shown in feelings. In emotions. In hearts. In souls. In spirits. No matter how we differ, be it physically, mentally, emotionally or any other sense, we all have a voice in us that screams \"This cannot be allowed, accepted or tolerated!\" Except for those who are not truly human, but rather some of hell's abominations with the temerity, the brazenness, the audacity to dress up as so to appear and sound human. But those of us who have anything even resembling a soul and/or heart are far from being of that status, and indeed of a far different status in the strongest, firmest sense of those words. This was seen so much everywhere in the world as it would be in any other, but this instant especially, in this time and place, with so many ignoring their normal way of life to assist. Assist in doing whatever was possible to make it so no more life would be lost, no more tragedy would be befall the world, America or otherwise and no more destruction would ensue. Be it the Littles, Anton, the other children, the outdoor cats, alley or otherwise, the dog who was now one of multiple rescue dogs or any others, no one paused for a second. The police, firefighters, paramedics, doctors, FBI agents, CIA agents and rescue dogs might have been the first ones to come to mind in doing this, but everyone there was doing it. Just as everyone there and around the world was affected by it, everyone from mourners to helpers to those with losses to the injured to the dead to who was more than one of these. In the doing of this, after an incalculably long time of hard work on the part of every last individual who was giving it their all to prevent this tragedy from worsening, what had occurred? As many survivors as the heroes present were able to find had been gotten out from where they were trapped and brought to a hospital in order to be treated so they could recover. Additionally, despite neither the death or the destruction done to the Pentagon being nearly as high as that done to the World Trade Center towers, the work to help was no less hard. Nor was it any less sincere, and the heroes there-everyday ones or the citizens or any others, human, dog or anything else-went no less all out in their effort to aid as much as possible. That everyone, be it the ones helping at where the towers had fallen or anyone else, knew just as much about the Pentagon attack as they did the WTC one only compounded this. Same with the fact that those brave passengers in that plane which ended up crashing into an empty field in Pennsylvania had stopped the hijackers and saved lives aplenty in so doing. By the time there was no more that anyone could possibly do to help near both what would be known as Ground Zero in New York City after these attacks and Virginia's Pentagon? It was very late at night, and as many Pentagon survivors as could be found had also been helped out of where they were trapped and brought to the hospital for treatment and recovery. Just like was the case in NYC, and in both locations of America, everyone who'd helped was most exhausted, spent and worn out, but that didn't matter to any of them. They'd done it for a cause that was more important and had more meaning than was imaginable on both counts. And all of them felt it on equal levels. After all, New York City was their home in the case of the Little family and those who they assisted, and of course in the case of all other residents of the Big Apple. And in the case of all residents of Virginia, the ones who'd done their best and all that they could to help at the Pentagon or otherwise, that state was their home. Of course the America that contained both of those locations and the residents therein, along with all other USA residents, was their home just as much. And no one, human or animal, good or bad or neutral or in any other way varied from one to the other and so on, would stand for this level of evil, especially when it attacked their home. Which it had indeed done, and there would be a special place in hell for Bin Laden and the other still living members of Al Qaeda. Just as the hijackers, having taken their lives along with those of so many others in the horror-laden atrocity that they caused and created, were already in a special place in hell. Trapped forever in it as well they deserved for their villainous deeds and wicked crimes. In the case of New York City, by the time there was nothing more anyone there could do? That was when the Little family, along with Smokey and his four followers, Monty, the rescue dog, Anton and the other children let loose what they'd been suppressing for so long. And the other heroes present, professional hero and citizen who'd assisted alike, did much the same thing. That meant that all of them let out enraged cries of grief, anguish and sadness for the dead who had lost their lives undeservedly in their most harrowing and awful of events. As well as how they simultaneously shook with fury at what those terrorists had done and how the other members of the group they ran with, Bin Laden or otherwise, had helped cause it. Despite not doing so in word, motion or body, they by all means prayed for the dead who became so on this saddening, infuriating and world-changing day in mind, heart and soul alike. And they did the same for everyone else affected, but especially those who the dead were close to and therefore were permanent, unbearable, unendurable, excruciating losses for them. During that time, Frederick embraced his wife Eleanor and vice versa, both looking as though they would not let go of each other for at least a century. George, Stuart and Snowbell did much the same with one another, though obviously in a three way form/version of it and after George had picked his white, furry friends up. All of this was done with everyone doing it having their eyes shut tight, their bodies stiffened along with shaking and nothing being said by any of them. When the lot of them, the Littles or otherwise, were finally tired enough and had cried and shook enough so it was time for them to depart and do what, away from here, they had to? Why, everyone took one last look at each other with the remaining tears in their eyes and their feelings of all this still written all over their agonized, emotionally scarred faces. And they nodded sincerely, respectfully and solemnly to say anything and everything that needed to be said before they turned around and returned to their respective usual locations. It was obvious why they felt the gratitude that they did towards each other, and what that gratitude was for/about/due to/directed towards. All of what they felt was for good reason. Whether it was what was mentioned or the massive swirl and flurry of other emotions going on inside them or as it did in anyone else, American or otherwise, it was understandable. It was also justified and no one could possibly blame them or anyone else feeling it for such feelings as that. By the time they were all back to where they usually could be found, let alone before they finally fell asleep shortly after getting there, they could not block what they were hit hard by out. This was actually the case for Eleanor and Frederick more than the other Littles(which was saying a lot, to be sure)on account of how the former was currently three months pregnant. And that meant that their new baby would be born into a world which was of the status of being after this most foul and soul-shaking of events had come to happen. How would they explain it to their child when he or she was old enough to understand and/or need to know about that sort of thing, especially since there was no good way to say it? And even if there were, it would still hurt just as much. In any event, be it their slightly bigger amount of those feelings(again, quite a statement)or those of the other Littles, they stuck. Indeed, stick they would for quite a while. It was impossible for anything otherwise to be so. They were amazed they were able to keep it together at all after all of what occurred today. It only stopped being in their minds when they were sound and fast asleep, and even then, they'd wake up to feeling them once more, morning of new day or no morning of new day. THE END Tell me, anyone and everyone who read this(especially you Stuart Little fans), has this story proven to be the powerful, heartfelt, touching and moving tribute of a memorial to the 9/11 tragedy that it was intended to be? I certainly hope so. After all, September 11th, 2001 was a horrifically sad and infuriating day and one which has forever scarred this world, and yet it also was one which proved how strong, resilient and, in fact, unbreakable America is. After all, the wicked, vile terrorists who were behind it, the plane hijackers or otherwise, wanted to strike at the heart of the USA. They wanted to nail and shatter the American spirit. They wanted to make us despondent and in the process cause us to surrender to their twisted, oppressive rules and ways of life. But they missed. They failed. All they did was drive us to make them pay for what they did and cause us to prove that we can recover from just about anything. Of course we, and the rest of the world outside of the few in it who are the most vile, were scarred and forever changed, especially in terms of the way we see things and how we live our lives(particularly with things like getting ready to board a plane in an airport), thanks to the horrendous events. But at the same time, it cannot be denied or ignored that something which was meant to break us only made us all the stronger. As Lee Greenwood nicely put it in his well known and well liked song, God bless the USA. Anyhow, my thanks to everyone who read this, and I would like ratings and reviews, too, please! We are to never forget what happened on 9/11/01, what it caused and what it resulted in subsequently! Please never forget what happened on that tragic, fateful, enraging and horrible day! May all innocents and heroes who lost their lives that day rest in peace as their souls remain in heaven, and may all the Al Qaeda terrorists who were behind it and later killed, Osama Bin Laden or otherwise, continue to be barbequed in hell as they well deserve for their malicious, malevolent misdeeds! ","Summary":" Good evening, all! Today is the 14th anniversary of the 9/11 tragedy. Of course, you already knew t"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Big Heart In A Little Mouse","Author":"Just4FunFiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12629319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a fairly cold day in New York, and everyone was busy getting ready for the holidays. The streets were always full of people, rushing from one store to the next, trying to find the perfect gifts for their loved ones, listening to the carol singers and looking at the big trees that were always set up across the city. Despite how stressful these times could be, and how much effort was put into the preparations, they pretty much always brought families together, no matter how distant they be, or where they come from. This was true for the Little family- Frederick and Eleanor, the two loving parents, and their three children, Stuart, George, and the baby of the family, Martha. They were a close family, despite differences in age, interests and- in the case of Stuart- species, and one that was well known as a model family. They were currently working on their Christmas shopping, visiting the mall for ideas of presents to get for each other, and their friends and more distant family members. \"Now, this is what Christmas is about!\" Frederick exclaimed, smiling happily behind is glasses. \"Family coming together, spending time in public, at a time of peace and love for one another.\" \"That's very true, dear,\" Eleanor said, nodding towards her husband, \"it would be so easy to let greed and selfishness take over, and ignore everything else, but that isn't the spirit of the holidays. It's days like these that make me thankful for this family.\" She smiled down at Martha in her pushchair. \"Isn't it?\" She just made an illegible gargle as a response, as if to say yes. The others found this amusing, as they continued to walk. \"So, boys,\" Frederick asked, \"do you know what you're going to ask Santa for Christmas?\" \"Definitely!\" George replied. \"There's a new Battle Morphers set coming out, and I wanna get another boat to go with The Wasp, and then I want-\" \"Slow down, George!\" Eleanor said, interrupting with a chuckle. \"Santa will do his best to get everything, but remember he can only carry so much. He has to deliver to every boy and girl who has been nice this year, remember.\" \"Yes, mom.\" Frederick just shook his head in amusement. \"So, Stuart, what about you? What are you hoping to get this year?\" The mouse member of the family was quiet, not responding. Looking on his shoulder, where Stuart had been 'riding', the father noticed that he was looking at a different shop than the one they were headed to, a glum expression on his face. Following his son's direction of vision, he noticed that Stuart was actually looking at a jewellery shop. To anyone else, it might be odd, but Frederick knew all too well why this was the case. Sighing, he looked back to his wife. \"Why don't you go on ahead with George and Martha? We'll catch up.\" \"Okay, dear. Don't be too long.\" \"We won't.\" He gave Eleanor a kiss, before he walked over to the jewellery shop. Once he was right by the window, Frederick gently picked up Stuart, and placed him in the window. Immediately, Stuart began to browse the collection, before sighing as his eyes settled on a pin. A pin, in fact, that was similar to one a friend of his owned. \"You never managed to get over her, did you, son?\" Stuart just shook his head. They were talking about Margalo, a yellow canary that had been introduced to the family not long ago, and despite attempting to steal from them, she and the family grew close, Stuart and Margalo growing particularly close, before deciding to fly south for winter. Since she left, Stuart became somewhat more depressed in her absence, and other than school and family time, he spent most of his time alone. \"I know she had to go,\" he answered, almost in a whisper, \"it doesn't make it easier, though. She promised that she would come back for Spring, but that is still a couple of months away. I just feel like there's something missing, now that she's gone.\" \"That's a price to pay when you fall in love,\" Frederick explained, \"they become a huge part of your life, to the point where you begin to develop a co-dependency. You miss them when they're not around; you hurt when they seem hurt or upset; you become happy when they're happy. It makes things more complicated, but also so much more worth it.\" He laughed as a fond memory came to mind. \"I remember one time, early in my relationship with Eleanor, that we were at a small town. We were sat in the park, just talking, when suddenly I noticed she had gone. I began to panic, and looked around frantically. I was worried she had left me, and when I found her, I was so relieved that I threw my arms around her.\" \"Where had she been?\" Stuart asked. \"She had gone to a little ice cream cart to get us a snack!\" They both laughed at this, and Frederick smiled as his son had finally cheered up, even if just for a little bit. \"You see what I mean? When you love someone, and they love you, they will always come back, no matter what you think happens.\" Stuart smiled. \"Thanks, dad.\" \"No problem, son.\" He then placed out his palm. \"We better go and catch up with the others.\" Stuart placed one foot on his dad's palm, but before he could step on, his ears perked up, and he turned around in the direction of a noise. Frederick lifted his son up to see what it was, and they both saw a guitarist, busking for the crowd. \"Can we go and listen, dad?\" Stuart asked. \"Oh, well, I better check with your mother first, in case she-\" \"Please?\" Frederick saw the sincere smile Stuart gave him, and he caved. \"Okay. I'll message her while we walk over.\" \"Yes! Thanks, dad.\" So, the two Little's headed over to listen to the musician, who was happily playing his guitar, and singing his son. As he watched, Stuart began to pat his knee along with the performance, and Frederick took notice. He smiled, before an idea came to mind. He took out his phone, found his wife's number, and began to type a message, which read 'me and Stuart are listening to a musician. We will join you soon.' His wife was quick to respond, writing 'okay. Has Stuart said what he wants for Christmas yet?' He smirked as he replied with 'no, but I have an idea. ' When Christmas came, Stuart was surprised to find that, among his presents, was a custom-made guitar, perfect for his size and fully functioning. When Stuart asked, his dad told him that he thought it would help him keep preoccupied while he waited for Margalo to return, and that he would teach him. So, for the next couple of months, Frederick showed Stuart how to play the guitar, and the mouse quickly got the hang of it. He had reached the point where he was able to use the guitar to play his own songs too. He played it every day, and as time passed, his glum mood from missing Margalo disappeared. Sure, he still thought about her, but he was able to be happy, knowing she would one day return. It was a regular Saturday afternoon, and since he had nothing to do, Stuart decided to play a song that he had recently finished, out on the windowsill. The gentle strumming of the strings quickly formed a melody, and he tapped his foot to keep the time signature. Eventually, he began to sing. It feels like forever since I saw you last Waiting for the time to flow, but it never goes past I wonder what you've been up to while you've been gone All I can say I've done is write a song His parents, who were in the garden, could just hear him sing, and they smiled at each other. They listened as he played, the bridge filling the air, despite the size of his guitar. I know this might sound selfish, but you should know I haven't given up, thinking about how I let you go The world is yours, explore it, but remember me Because you are all in the world I need His fingers then changed the tune, transitioning to something that built up. But you don't have to be afraid- until you return, I shall stay I shall not let you come back to be alone Again, the tune changed into something a bit more powerful as the chorus poured out. I will see you one day, I guarantee And I will help you open your eyes and see So, don't you be afraid, I'll help you on your way Cause all I want for you to see Is you and me He thought he noticed something moving in a nearby tree, but he was too engrossed in his song to check. I will wait forever, if that's what you need I will do what I can do to help you succeed I can guarantee, I will stay by your side Until you cross that finish line And, you don't have to be afraid- until you return, I shall stay I shall not let you come back to be alone I will see you one day, I guarantee And I will help you open your eyes and see So, don't you be afraid, I'll help you on your way Cause all I want for you to see Is you and me I never stopped caring about you I never stopped thinking you would come back to me I never thought that it would end like that So, I wait for you What happened next caught him off guard, as he heard a voice that he hadn't heard in ages sing along with the bridge. Oh, you don't have to be afraid- until you return, I shall stay I shall not let you come back to be alone The figure that emerged from the tree- the one that had sang along with Stuart- was his crush, Margalo. The yellow canary, still wearing the aviator goggles, pilots hat and blue scarf with the pin, smiled at Stuart, and he smiled back. They both stood up, circling each other, never breaking their gaze, as he sang and played the last chorus. I will see you one day, I guarantee And I will help you open your eyes and see So, don't you be afraid, I'll help you on your way Cause all I want for you to see Is you and me As Stuart played the final chord, she clapped with a giggle. \"Wow, Stuart,\" she complimented, blushing, \"you're really talented.\" He didn't reply- he stood there for a second, smiling with a chuckle, before he put his guitar on his back and hugged her, because he was now truly happy again, because she was back. Just like she said she would be. THE END ","Summary":" It was a fairly cold day in New York, and everyone was busy getting ready for the holidays. The str"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"George's Sorrows","Author":"DisneySweetHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10685462","Passage":"[Chapter 1] George was lying on his bed, listening to the voices of his mother and father laughing downstairs with his brother, Stuart. Margalo was gone for the spring at last, but that was no concern to George. He was thinking of the past couple of days he had to lie to his parents. And how Stuart had made him do it. Now here was in his room, grounded for a week for lying and Stuart who had made him lie, ran away from home, nearly killed himself to a falcon was getting praised. Mrs Little's words was ringing with jealousy in his ears. 'You ran away from home!' 'I know..' 'And you had George lie to us!' 'Yeah...' 'Then why am I so proud of you?' That's right. They were proud of Stuart for nearly killing himself. And now more words came back to anger George. 'Mum, Dad. I'm really sorry' 'You should be!' 'I guess they love Stuart more than they love me..' George muttered as he buried his head into his pillow. Then the thought passed his mind. If his mother and father loved Stuart even more, he would run away too. Perhaps, go and live with one of his friends like Malcolm. Later that night, when Stuart and Mr and Mrs Little had turned in for the night, George quietly got up and grabbed his schoolbag. He snuck down the stairs and across the hall to the doorway. But just as he reached for the handle, a light was turned on. 'George!' Mrs Little was standing behind him with her dressing gown on. 'What do you think you're doing, young man?' 'Leaving!' George yelled, shocking his mother. 'Why?' Mrs Little asked in a worried tone. 'Because you don't love me anymore!' George croaked, tears spilling from his eyes. 'Stuart is better than me!' 'Stop it!' Mrs Little snapped. 'What makes you say that?!' 'Just go away,Mum!' 'Tell me!' 'BECUASE HE DIDN'T GET IN TROUBLE!' George screamed at the top of his lungs. 'Stuart made me lie! I didn't want to, but I didn't want to let him down either! And he ran away and nearly died! But you're proud of him for it! I heard it yourself! You're proud of him!' George finally collapsed to the floor and broke down. 'I just told lies, Mum! I didn't run away! He did! And I'm the one getting punished for all this! That proofs you don't love me anymore. You only care about Stuart!' As George continued to cry, Mrs Little just stood there, understanding what he meant. She knelt down beside him, and put her arms around him. 'Come here' George laid his head on his mother's chest. 'You're wrong, George...I love you so much. And so does your father and Stuart and Martha. Don't ever think that we love Stuart more... You are both loved equally. None of our children will ever outdo the other' Her hug became tighter around George and she too began to shed tears. 'I'm proud of you too, George...What you did was wrong, lying and all that...but you told us the truth in the end. If you hadn't told us at all, who knows what could've happened?' '...I guess. But I still got in big trouble. Dad said so himself' 'He was just worried, honey. Both your father and I worry. About both you and Stuart. That's what parents do. But he'll never stop loving you' George listened to his mother's every word and his heart softened more and more. 'Oh Mum...I'm so sorry for everything. for lying, for trying to run away...' 'It's alright. I forgive you, George' said Mrs Little, softly. Their moment was short-lived when they heard a small 'ahem' behind them. They turned and saw Mr Little with Stuart in his hand. 'Everything ok, now?' asked Mr Little. Mrs Little just gave a sad smile, still keeping her arms around George. 'George' said Stuart, as his father let him down on the floor. 'You probably don't know this, but...I've been grounded for a week too' 'You have?' George croaked. 'Yeah...' said Stuart, laughing a little. 'Mum and Dad weren't going to let me get away with what I did. But that's not the point. The point is Mum and Dad will always love you, just as much as they love me. I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have made you lie to Mum and Dad. It was probably one of the stupidest thing I've ever done' George nodded. 'It's ok' Mrs Little let go of George so he could go and hug his father, who was waiting with open arms. 'I'm sorry I was too hard on you. But you're forgiven now' 'It's alright, Dad' George sniffled. Mrs Little picked Stuart back up from the floor and they joined for a group hug. A smile finally creeped across George's face. 'I love you all.' So George took his schoolbag and his brother, Stuart back upstairs to their bedroom. He climbed back into bed, his mind now ringing with what his folks had said. 'None of our children will ever outdo the other' ","Summary":" George was lying on his bed, listening to the voices of his mother and father laughing downstairs w"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Margalo's Return","Author":"Saphirabrightscale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10621733","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Margalo's Return ","Summary":" Margalo's Return"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Hawii Vacation: Fun or Crazy Town's waiting room?","Author":"The Potal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9806802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Snowbell,\" Mrs. Little crooned as she walked down the hall. I held my breath as she pasted my hiding spot. I sighed as she walked passed my hiding spot and out of view. \"Hi Snowbell.\" \"Aah!\" I must have jumped higher than that plant I was hiding behind. I turned to the voice. Of course, it was Stuart. And of course he was wearing swimming trunks and smiling. But, why wouldn't he be? He wasn't me. He didn't have the fear of water that I've always had. I narrowed my eyes. Stuart backed away, nervously. \"Why are you,um, hiding behind a plant?\" SSSSSHHHHH! Are you trying to get me caught?\" \"No. I was just wondering.\" I strolled into the kitchen with Stuart in tow. Stuart climbed onto the island. \"You're hiding because?\" \"Because I hate water!\" I snapped. The Little family was going to Hawii for vacation. \"You don't have to swim, Snowbell.\" \"But have you seen the ocean? It's an evil cat killing machine! Also I'm afraid of water,\" I said. \"Oh come on Snowbell! Hawaii vacation is a great time to start liking the water!\" \"There's no way out of this, is there?\" \"Nope.\" I sighed. \"Fine.\" \" This just in. A disease was newly discovered in Hawaii. Not much is known. Might be caused by the newly discovered animal called the Deathbird. It is called that for all the small prey it eats,\" the man said on the news. We were on our way to Hawaii on an airplane. Stuart gulped. I suddenly felt a pang of sadness for him. Birds eat bugs, rats, and ,yes, mice. \"Hey,\" I said, turning off the TV. \"Don't worry about it.\" Stuart smiled at me, and I smiled back. The hotel room was more like a suite. Mrs. Little put me down to explore. In the main room, where Mrs. and Mr. Little and George was going to sleep, was two kings beds. They had red covers and wrinkle free. Next to Stuart's room, was a balcony. George rushed to the bar of the balcony and leaned over. \"George!\" Mrs. Little exclaimed, as she rushed to him and pulled him away. I looked down from the balcony and nearly fainted. There, at the bottom, was the ocean. Stuart had no problem with this, however. He climbed onto the bar. Stuart smiled. A black thing far in the distance was coming towards us. As it got closer, I realized that it was a crow. \" Stuart.\" \" Can you belive it Snowbell? We're here!\" The crow was now right behind Stuart. How he didn't notice, I don't know. Suddenly, it bit Stuart. Stuart closed his eyes and started to fall. \"Stuart? Oh, I can't belive I'm doing this,\" I thought as I leaped onto the bar. Then, with my eyes shut, I jumped. \"Snowbell!\" George exclaimed, rushing to the scene. \"Dogs. Why do they get it easy?\" I thought as I tried to swim. \"Oh Stuart, I going to kill you!\" I exclaimed as a huge wave rose in front of me. That wave nearly killed me. But once I saw Stuart, I regeted what I'd said. He was on a somewhat above the ocean's water, unconcisis, with his left leg spraged badly under a another somewhat above the ocean's waters. \"Hi there.\" \"AAAHHHH!\" I looked up to see a seagull. A seemingly dumb one too. ","Summary":" \" Snowbell,\" Mrs. Little crooned as she walked down the hall. I held my breath as she pasted my h"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Cat-Back Riding","Author":"TheMoonMonster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9116956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Really? That sounds so cool!\" George shrieked, excited. \"What's cool?\" Stuart comes into the living room, having heard George excited. \"Mom and Dad are taking us horseback riding at the park!\" George beamed. \"Really? Sounds fun!\" Stuart said, smiling with his brother. \"Um, Stuart, honey... don't you think you're a bit... too small for horseback riding?\" Their mother asked. Stuart chuckled. \"C'mon, how big can the horses be?\" Later, at the horse-riding park- \"Oh.\" Stuart's jaw droped at how much bigger the horse was then him. \"Sorry, son,\" his father said to him. \"We can go home and do something else if you'd like.\" Stuart shook his head. \"Nah, you guys and George have fun. I'll stay here with Snowbell,\" he gestured to the white cat, who came along for the ride. The family shrugged and mounted their horses. Snowbell growled. \"I'd rather get my tail run over than to hang out with you.\" Stuart chuckled. \"That can be arranged.\" \"Hey!\" Snowbell snips. Stuart waved it off. \"Forget it. I've got an idea.\" Snowbell laughed sarcastically. \"Oh, no. Should I call the cops now or-\" \"Shut up for a minute. \" He pointed to the manager's office. \"They have some dress up clothes in the office for the kids. I noticed some horse costumes in there your size, so-\" \"Oh, no,no, no!\" Snowbell growled. \"I will not be your horse!\" Stuart rolled his eyes. \"Listen. I know where Mom and Dad keep the extra cat treats. I can get them for you.\" Snowbell's eyes gleamed. \"The liver treats?\" Stuart nodded. Snowbell looked both ways. \"Okay, I'm in. Let's go get the costume.\" They walked into the office and sneak into the kid's area. \"Okay, so, this is it?\" Snowbell asked, looking at the costume. \"Yep. Just slip it on. Then we can go.\" Snowbell looked at him, annoyed. \"Seriously?\" \"Oh, right. Cats don't have thumbs. Here.\" Stuart slipped on the bottom, giving him a chestnut color on the lower half of his body, as well as a tail. \"And the head.\" Stuart slipped on the front just so he can breathe, talk, and see. \"I look stupid,\" Snowbell complained. \"No, no! You look great!\" Stuart smiled. \"Okay, now if we can sneak past the receptionist, we should be home free.\" They creeped by the secretary. She was obviously too caught up in her conversation on her phone to notice a cat and mouse sneaking by her desk. \"Yes. Yes. I understand. I'll be sure to tell him that. Uh-huh. Well, I see where you're coming from. Well, I apologize for the inconvenience. Good-bye, Mother.\" They exit and Snowbell sighed irritably. \"Okay. Get this over with.\" Stuart grins and mounts the cat, causing Snowbell to growl slightly. \"Alrighty boy. Hi-ya!\" Snowbell looked back at him. \"Nuh-uh.\" \"Sorry.\" They walk a way, down the path, slowly admiring nature. Suddenly, they hear a low growl. \"What's that?\" Stuart asked. \"I don't know, but I'm not staying around to find out!\" Snowbell said and takes off the other way. \"Hey! Snowbell! Slow down!\" Stuart shouted. Apparently, his shouts where heard by the creature who growled. Or, more so, creature s . A few dogs stepped out, one a tall rottweiler, the others small bull dogs. \"Who're you?\" the bigger one asked. \"This is my friend, Snowbell. He's a cat.\" Stuart dismounted the feline. The dogs laughed. \"He doesn't look much like a cat. He looks more like a dwarfed pony!\" \"I'm in costume!\" Snowbell shouted, clearly offended. \"I'm Stuart Little,\" Stuart said, ignoring the insult. \"What a fitting name.\" The bigger one said again, chuckling. \"Listen, you are in our territory. We aren't very kind to tresspassers.\" \"Aren't we in the park?\" Stuart asked. \"Yes, but this is our part of the park. Leave now.\" \"Why can't we all just share it?\" \"Hey, cotton ball. Now's not the time for you're kindergarden teachings,\" Snowbell warned. \"You won't listen? Fine, have it your way. Let's get 'em, boys!\" \"Let's go, now!\" Snowbell took Stuart by his shirt and took off running. \"Whup!\" Stuart shouted, startled, but climbed to Snowbell's back, poking him in the eye in the process. \"Watch it!\" Snowbell shouted angrily. \"Sorry!\" Stuart apologized. He turned around. \"They're gaining on us! Hurry!\" \"I'm going as fast as a cat can without all the pressure!\" Snowbell called. \"Uh... quick! Through there!\" Stuart pointed to a tunnel just thick enough for Snowbell to get through. Sure enough, the bigger dog tried to get through, but got stuck. \"Augh! If we ever see you two again, we'll kill ya! Now, can you give me a paw over here?\" The two stared at him in disbelief. \"Uh, get your dorks to do it,\" Snowbell remarks before walking to the other side, Stuart still on his back. \"Man, that was so much fun! Let's do it again!\" Stuart said excitedly. \"Let's...not,\" Snowbell paused. \"But, yeah, it was fun.\" \"Hey, what happened to your costume?\" Stuart asked. Snowbell examined himself. \"Huh, guess it came off during the chase.\" \"Now, we need to get back to the others, surely their riding would be done by now,\" Stuart commented. \"Stuart! Snowbell!\" A young voice called. \"George?\" Stuart turned around. \"We've been looking for you two! Our ride just ended ten minutes ago, so we haven't been looking long, so Mom and Dad aren't mad,\" George came up to the duo. \"Good,\" Stuart said. \"How was the ride?\" \"Okay, I guess. It was boring, since the horse didn't go faster than, maybe one mile per hour,\" George laughed. Stuart laughed along with him, and noticed his parents come up. \"There you two are! Ready to go?\" Mrs. Little asked. \"You bet,\" Stuart hopped in the car. \"Oh, mouse?\" Snowbell called. \"Yeah?\" Stuart looked over at him. \"Never speak of that horrid costume again.\" ","Summary":" \"Really? That sounds so cool!\" George shrieked, excited. \"What's cool?\" Stuart comes into the l"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"Hold These Truths to be Self Evident","Author":"My Beautiful Ending","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8341384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As much as a clothes horse Cosmo Renfro was, the whole team found it highly ironic that the woman he had fallen head over heels for didn't care one whit what she (or he) wore. They used it to tease him on any number of occasions. But it was really quite true. Mary Elisabeth Kendall could pull off any designer fashion with ease, given her figure and her natural beauty, but she would rather go around in jeans and a baggy T-shirt. It did prove something, though. The whole team –and especially Sam –could tell that she really, honestly loved Cosmo for who he was, and not the clothes he wore or the personality he faked sometimes. She saw right through him and demanded nothing less than a man who could be honest with her –one who didn't have to wear the right clothes or say the right things to impress a girl. Oh, he still bought the clothes and told the jokes–Sam didn't think anyone could cure him of that, though if he had to bet money on anyone, it would be Mary Elisabeth –but they weren't as showy as before. They were just …Cosmo. It was a good change, all in all.[Chapter 2] Sam had been married once, as a young man. But she had died, and he had resolved not to subject himself to that kind of heartache again. That was why nothing had ever happened with Cath –though he did love her, and the feeling was mutual from her as well. But she was his boss, and they were professionals, and professionals didn't let their feelings run away with them or wear their hearts on their sleeves. He had thought he could protect himself –and in some way, protect her –from the same sort of grief he had experienced when his late wife had died. After all, they were in quite dangerous lines of work, and it was no stretch of the imagination that something might happen to one of them someday… it was just best to let sleeping dogs lie. Somehow, he had never imagined applying the same principle to the rest of his team. Seeing Noah lie in a pool of his own blood had given him a severe wake up call –one that losing anybody else in the world couldn't have accomplished. He loved that boy like his own son, and he had never told him. He had never told him just how much he cared for and respected him. And then a miracle came in the form of Caro Pierce, helping that boy hold on long enough to get to the hospital. He had gotten the boy back. He hadn't lost him, after all. Some people said you couldn't teach an old dog new tricks, but Sam Gerard would beg to differ. He learned something the day that Noah opened his eyes: you didn't waste time when you were with people that you loved. So when he called in to report and ask after Noah's 'mystery woman,' he ended the phone call by asking Cath out on a date.[Chapter 3] Catherine Walsh figured that she had fallen for Sam Gerard from almost the first moment she had met him. He had a magnetic allure and a take-charge personality, and the man wasn't bad on the eyes either. And there was no denying that he looked good in jeans. But he had never asked her out, never gone further than was strictly friendly, though she had seen the looks and the glances over the years. After enough time had passed and she got to know him well enough, she realized that he cared about her, but would never do anything about it. She had told herself she could live with that, and didn't push it. She didn't get his love, but she got his friendship and his respect, two things that might not have come her way if he had asked her out on that date. And she found herself glad that he had held himself back, because she found she valued those things very much. But, she reflected as she leaned against his shoulder at one of the team's annual Christmas parties, all of those things together were what she valued most. Noah caught Caro, his girlfriend of four months, under the mistletoe while the rest of the team whistled. Cath smiled as she felt Sam's lips brush her hair. \"When do I get my turn?\" she asked. \"I don't have to wait to be under a plant,\" he said. She smiled and leaned into his kiss. God bless us, every one.[Chapter 4] AN: I actually did find a definition for 'hinky', but it means something like unrealiable or dishonest, so I'm going with the connotation I got from the Fugitive, which was 'weird' and 'strange'. I like it better. Bobby had gotten the word \"hinky\" from his wife. She had probably used it to describe herself. Most people who met her on the street probably wondered if Valerie Biggs realized that the seventies were out of style. She wore bell-bottomed jeans and dangly necklaces and earrings, and her color of choice was purple. She wore her hair in a long brown braid down her back, read the dictionary for fun, and cooked vegetarian, but she was, quite possibly, the nicest soul on earth. She worked as a trauma psychiatrist for kids, and there was no one better suited for the job. She also would pull members of the Team out of the group at the various social gatherings and, with just a few words, she'd have them spilling whatever was bothering them. It was a cathartic experience. Nobody knew just what she had seen in Robert Biggs, but every single member of the Team loved her, sometimes joking that they only kept Bobby around so they could get Valerie. When they learned she was expecting a Baby Biggs, there was nobody more excited than that group of new Aunts and Uncles. \"They're gonna spoil this kid,\" Bobby told her before her baby shower. \"No, you are,\" Valerie said. \"Sure they will –huh? I am?\" \"She's going to be Daddy's little girl, after all,\" Valerie said placidly. Biggs gave in to the inevitable. \"Yeah, okay. I will.\" \"I was thinking about names,\" Valerie continued, in her slightly dreamy way. \"What do you think about Prairie? Or Ermingarde?\" Yep, Biggs reflected, his wife was hinky. But nobody ever said being hinky was a bad thing.[Chapter 5] AN: Savannah's was the one I had the most trouble with, but surprisingly, it's one of the longer ones. Enjoy! Savannah Cooper had joined the team three years ago and since then had been the only woman. At the start, they had tried to set her up with Cosmo (to which she had said hell no; she couldn't date a man who spent more on clothes than she did). Then they had let her alone when it came to dating. She had always worked in a profession that was predominately male, so she had the chance to observe her friends and colleagues at their best and at their worst. It was quite useful for figuring out just what she wanted (or could work with) in a man. But when she finally found said man, she didn't tell the Team at first. They considered her family, like a sister –and as such she had quite a few brothers ready and willing to scare off anybody that they deemed unworthy. Worst-case scenario: they'd meet Ben and scare him off. Best-case scenario: they'd actually like Ben… but might end up inadvertently scaring him off anyway. It was a toss up, and for the life of her, she couldn't figure out which was more likely. She didn't like keeping secrets –in fact, she wasn't very good at it. So it was only a matter of time before they found out. \"Cooper, why are you always makin' calls to New York?\" Sam asked one day. \"No harm in making calls,\" she said. \"But you've never talked on the phone like this,\" Sam said. \"Is it really your business?\" she asked without heat, because she knew that Sam considered anything having to do with his team 'his business'. \"Sure it is; one of my kids is running up the phone bill,\" Sam said. \"Have you been calling boys, Cooper?\" She stared. He stared back. \"How…\" she began. \"Big dog's always right ,\" Sam said, grinning. \"So. Why didn't you tell us, and when do we get to meet him?\" \"Meet who?\" Noah said, passing by on his way to the coffee maker. \"Savannah's boyfriend.\" \"You've got a boyfriend?\" Noah said, interested. \"Who's got a boyfriend?\" Cosmo asked, sticking his head out of the break room. Savannah rolled her eyes. It was a good thing Biggs was on family leave with Valerie, otherwise he'd be poking his nose in here, too. \"His name is Ben Douglas,\" she said. \"He lives in New York.\" \"What does he do?\" Cosmo asked. \"How'd you meet?\" Noah asked. \"When do we get to check him out?\" Sam asked. \"Never, if you don't promise not to scare him away,\" Savannah threatened. \"Who, us?\" Sam asked, glancing at Noah and Cosmo. \"We'd never do such a thing. Right fellas?\" \"Course not,\" Cosmo said. \"Never, 'Vannah,\" Noah said, smiling. \"I believe Noah,\" she grumbled. \"Oh, ouch,\" Cosmo said, \"that hurts. Don't it hurt, Sam?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Sam said, but he was grinning. \"Cooper, call him. If he really likes you, we won't be enough to scare him off. We won't deliberately try, of course.\" \"Right,\" Noah said. \"Of course,\" Cosmo added. Why did he have to pull perfectly sound arguments out of thin air? \"Fine,\" Savannah said, but all three guys saw the smile on her face as she headed for the phone.[Chapter 6] AN: LAST CHAPTER! Figured I'd better post it before I go off to become an adult at college. Thank you SO MUCH for all support/encouragement, ChandaK562. You're the best. \"You are looking,\" Caro said happily, \"At a fully registered nurse.\" She smirked. \"You're an RN?\" Noah asked, beaming at her. \"That's what I said ,\" she said, slapping him with her paperback. \"Congratulations, Caro,\" Valerie Biggs said, holding tiny Jessamine Biggs and smiling. They were at the team's gathering to get to know one-month-old Jessie, and Caro had figured that it was as good a place as any to drop the bombshell. After Jessie got her spotlight, of course. \"Well done, young lady,\" Sam said, and Caro glowed. It was high praise from him. Cath just gave her a hug, as did 'Vannah. \"You just did it in case Noah gets himself into a jam again, didn'tcha Caro?\" Cosmo said jokingly. \"Gotta keep him out of the hospital somehow,\" Caro said lightly. It had become something of a running joke with the team, now that almost a year had come and gone from the horrible incident that had left Noah dangling within a hair's breadth of life and death. He was glad that they could crack jokes about it now –for such a long time they had tried to coddle him, and it had taken weeks to convince everybody that he wasn't having any of it. He was going to do his job, just like the rest of them. And it wasn't like he had a propensity for getting shot, was it? That was Sam's area of expertise. Noah voiced such an opinion now. \"Newman, I have quite a bit more mileage than you,\" Sam said. \"It's expected of me.\" Cath was heard to mumble something along the lines of, \"no it's not, you stubborn idiot\" into her glass. But then the conversation drifted onwards to more baby-like material, and the girls went with Valerie to see the nursery and coo over all the adorable baby things, and the men left to go to the garage and talk about cars. Noah was able to catch Caro before she went upstairs. \"I really am proud of you, you know,\" he said. \"I know,\" Caro said, smirking. \"So, Miss RN, what are you going to do now?\" \"Go look for a nursing position,\" Caro said, laughing, \"and quit that horrible office job. Why?\" \"Well, I was just thinking that… well, change is good, you know?\" \"Yeah,\" she said, wrapping her arms around him. \"Change got me you.\" The look of honest love in her eyes gave him the confidence to pull the black box out of his pocket and hold it out to her. \"Well… seeing that you like being an RN so much… would you consider becoming a CN, too?\" She took the box with an open mouth and shaky hands, and stared at the simple diamond in shock. \"Noah?\" she asked, her voice cracking. \"CN. Caroline Newman.\" \"Yeah, got that bit, \" she said, half crying, half laughing. He hugged her. \"I love you, Caro. Will you marry me?\" \"Yes,\" she said, nodding as he put the ring on her finger. \"Oh, yes. I love you to pieces, Noah Newman.\" She proceeded to kiss the breath out of him. They didn't notice all the smiling faces peeking over the stairs and around the doors. ","Summary":" As much as a clothes horse Cosmo Renfro was, the whole team found it highly ironic that the woman h"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"My October Pain and Spring Relief","Author":"Sangre Del Lobo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4921752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well this is one of the stories that I told you to expect from, hope you enjoy I'll update soon. I don't own anything from Stuart Little. - Margalo, you needed to leave, but why, why'd you leave me? You left me with so much pain in my heart, I need you Margalo, you're the only one that can heal my wound. Please Margalo I need to hear your sweet voice, that with one word my sadness is lifted. Your golden glowing body, with which the sun's morning rays illuminates and makes your essence breathtaking. With when I'm close enough to touch you, my soul takes to the air and sours through the skies. Margalo your everything to me, and every time I see you go, I lose a piece of my self once more. \"Stuart! Dinner's ready!\" T he gloomy white mouse turned around at the sound of his name. Stuart let out a sigh, as he jumped down from the window sill that he was perched on. \"Here we go again.\" As the mouse was walking toward the door, of the room, that he shared with his human brother George, a shattering of window glass caused the mouse to sully himself in his bodily fluids. As Stuart heard a thud, he slowly turned around, trembling, to see what it was. He felt as if his heart would burst out of his ribcage, as he looked on at the small golden canary laying unconscious on the wooden floor. \"Margalo!\" Stuart dashed over to the small bird and gently leaned her against his chest. The small canary didn't move, her golden chest did not even budge. Worry quickly consumed the mall white mouse as he thought of the worst. The thundering sounds of the Litte's feet could be heard as they rushed to see were the crashing sound had come from. The Littles family looked on in shock, as they saw Stuart caressing his best friend Margalo. Mr. Little quickly ran over and kneeled by his adoptive son to examine the situation, as he asked \"Stuart what happened?\" The small mouse shook his head, too preoccupied to speak, but he managed to point to the window from were Margalo had crashed through. Mr. Little quickly put his hand down, as Stuart dragged Margalo gentle to his father's hand. They were quickly lifted off the ground and put on the shelf that was Stuart's room. Stuart gently lifted the golden canary on to his bed, and sat by her side, fear clearly showing on his face. Mrs. Little could be heard talking to the medics on the phone, and Mr. Little quickly helped her to explain the situation. Stuart's step brother, George, crawled on to his bed and peeked over the shelf, careful not to put his weight on it too much. \"Is she gonna be okay?\" Stuart simply shook his head as tears began to fall from his eyes. In a cracked voice the mouse replied, \"I don't know George I just don't know.\" Stuart looked on at the small canary's face, her soft cheeks, her cute red cap, her small pretty beak, everything about her filled Stuart's head with memories, some pleasant and some not so nice. \"Please come back to me, Margalo, please don't leave me.\" - Well hope you like my first chapter, this is my first none Bolt story.[Chapter 2] Inforgot to add this but I DON'T OWN ANY OF THIS! There I said it andnI'm not repeating myself! EVER! wellnmaybe…but don't count on it. AmnI losing my 'touch', my 'skills', ARE MY FICS GETTING WORSE?!nPLEASE AT LEAST ANSWER THAT ONE QUESTION, I BEG OF YOU! - Stuartnsat by Margalo in his pajamas for what seemed like millennia, ansmall sleeping bag lay on the floor adjacent to Stuart's bed, asnMargalo slept. Since she had arrived the canary had been asleep forntwo whole days, and it seemed that it would soon be three, as thensetting sun slowly came closer to the horizon. Stuart had scarcelyneaten, always sitting by her bed, to see if she would awaken. AsnStuart prepared for another sleepless night on the cold, hard floor,nhe quietly reached over to his night-stand and patted Margalo'snforehead with a damp towel to give her comfort. The unconsciousncanary moved herself closer to the towel, and ended up rubbingnagainst the mouse's palm. Stuart just chuckled to himself, henthought it was cute, how she moved towards him even in hernun-conscience. Stuartngot down on his hands and knees and was about to crawl into hisnsleeping bag, when he heard Margalo yawn. She rolled off and landednright on top of the unsuspecting rodent. Stuart stood in shock asnMargalo was directly on top of him, her face was resting against hisnchest, while the rest of her body was nervously aligned with his own,nand he could feel the canary's new firm round breast pressingnagainst him, it made his ears burn will embarrassment and he began tonsweat. Stuart had no idea what to do, should he move the bird ornembrace her? With his paws shaking, Stuart slowly grabbed Margalo'snarms and lifted her from on-top of him. He immediately froze innplace, his eyes suddenly locked into the birds mature features,nscanning her uncharacteristically. As the mouse's gaze slowlynlowered, he forced himself to look away. Getna grip , it's Margalo you're looking at moron! Okay…okay, justnslowly roll her off you and stay in…c-control. Stuart finally managed to get out from under Margalo, much to thenmouse's relief. Unfortunately for Stuart, Margalo slowly woke upnand found herself next to the mouse and on the floor, none the less.nMargalo used the bed for support as she lifted herself from thenfloor, she still felt a bit dizzy and nauseated. \"Stuart?nWere am I? What happened?\" Margalo leaned against the bed, andnlooked up at the white mouse. His red squared pajamas, gave the mousena slim appearance, but Margalo knew that he was tougher than henlooked. Stuartnjust stood in front of her with his mouth agape, his ears were flatnagainst his head and she noticed him staring at her. Margalo wasnabout to ask him what had caught his attention, but one look atnherself, and she knew exactly what he was mesmerized by. Margalonquickly covered herself up with her wings, and gave yelled. \"Stuart!\"nStuart instantly snapped out of his trance, and turned around. Whatnshould I do? How do I explain myself? God, she looks hot! Get a holdnof yourself, don't do anything you'll regret, Stuart. Stuart slowly turned around, and kept his eyes on Margalo's face. Thenyellow canary had her gaze to the floor and a deep crimson blush wasnon her face. Stuart reached out a hand, still with his gaze on hernface. Margalo suddenly jumped and hugged Stuart as she began to crynon his shoulder; Stuart put his arms around the canary's neck andnheld her close. Stuart slowly slid against the bed until they werenboth sitting on the floor. \"It'snokay Margalo I'm here, every things okay.\" Stuart said, trying toncalm the bird down, as he put his head against her shoulder. Margalonjust sat on the mouse's lap and continued to weep, her tearsndripping down his neck and on to Stuart's pajamas. The two satnthere in each other's embrace, through most of the night,neventually they were falling asleep. In a soft mumble, Margalo askednStuart, \"Stuart…?nCan you put me on the bed,\" the yellow canary let out a yawn,nbefore she continued, \"I'm falling asleep, and I'm tired.\"nWith a nod, Stuart got up and gently carried Margalo bridle style, asnhe put her on the bed. Asnhe was removing his hands, they slightly touched Margalo's butt;nStuart instantly went red to the face and froze. As Margalo wasngetting cozy, she turned towards Stuart and began to panic as she sawnhis shocked and embarrassed face. \"Stuart,nwhat's wrong? You okay?\" Margalo slowly reached out and tuggednthe mouse's shirt, and Stuart instantly jumped, falling on hisnrear. \"Are you all right?\" Margalo jumped out of bed and helpednStuart up. \"I'mn fine, really.\" Stuart sat on the edge of the bed while Margalo gotnback in. \"Good night Margalo.\" \"Um…Stuart.\" \"Whatnis it Margalo?\" The mouse kindly asked without turning around. \"Cannyou sleep next tonme, it's kind of cold and I don't want to be alone anothernnight.\" Stuart almost fainted, but managed to stop himself. Hisnpajamas slowly started to stick to him, as he began to sweat heavily. \"I-Indon't think t-that'd be a good idea, Margalo…it wouldn't benright…\" Margalo slowly blushed, but still suggested the idea, thencold lonely nights were too horrid to tolerate any longer. \"Wenwon't do anything, just sleeping close together.\" Stuart slowlynturned with a sigh, as he walked up to the bed and tucked himself in,nmaking sure there was a good distance, between them. \"G-goodnnight Margalo.\" Stuart said with a cracked voice. \"NightnStuart.\" Margalo said with a giggle, as she snuggled in to hernpillow. Asnthe morning rays hit Stuart's face, he woke up to find a softnsomething, up against him and apparently hugging him. As his eyesnadjusted, Stuart turned to find Margalo with her head snugglingnagainst his neck and her left wing across his chest. He just turnedntowards her and gave her a soft kiss on the cheek, the canary justnsnuggled closer and smiled a little. Stuartnstood up and sat on the edge of the bed, his conscience finallyngetting a hold of him. Margalo slowly woke up, but didn't saynanything, she wanted to watch Stuart a little more. What'snso wrong, me and her are just friends, but this isn't friendship,nit feels like more. Like what I feels for Mom, Dad and George? I-it'dnmake sense, Margalo's family so why shouldn't I feels this waynright? No, no is it's more than family, but what's more importantnthan family? Love? Do I love her? Yes, I…love Margalo. \"Inlove her…I really love her.\" No…Stuartnyou can't love me, you just can't, I don't want to loose you. Ansmall tear ran down Margalo's cheeks , but she quickly wiped themnaway, before she spoke. \"MorningnStuart.\" - Whatndo you guys think of Margalo thus far? Is she acting odd, are youndieing to find out her secret cause if you aren't then tell me thatnhas to be fixed! Sorry I got carried away on the lovey-dovey of thenscene I just started writing and the last part is the actualnimportant stuff, I needed to add that otherwise it would be anpointless chapter. Cute, but pointless. Well this is probably thenfic that'll be updating the most since my 2 nd fic needs major work. Well please review and I'll update thisnweekend if I get as chance. ","Summary":" Well this is one of the stories that I told you to expect from, hope you enjoy I'll update soon. I "},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"A bird in the hand is worth two at the Little's","Author":"Opel Vectra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12969045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N.Y.C The Big Apple The city that never sleeps In the Little family's house... 9pm Stuart was sleepless... Margalo came, he was happy to see her again since the Falcon who talks like Hades in Hercules got his comeuppance... He was also heartbroken, Stuart was actually in love with Margalo...who was lesbian! The bird girl liked Stuart as a friend... The day Margalo left, Stuart helped his parents to clean the bathroom to move on to somebody else and forget his feelings about Margalo...he accidentally falls into the toilet bowl...almost drowned...Stuart was saved but hardly shaken... Quarter to 10 Stuart couldn't sleep, he almost died and Margalo didn't loved him... Next Morning... Stuart woke up... He saw a familiar face in the mirror... Stuart's POV \"MARGALO? Is that me? I'm...Margalo!\" Stuart-George! George! Wake up! George-Margalo ? Stuart-I'm not Margalo! I'm Stuart! We won the race together remember ? George-the race ? Stuart- yes! The boad race in central park! I dropped the remote control, a man walked into it so I had to win the race and defeat Anton Sullivan! George-Stuart... Stuart- yep, that's me... George's POV \"I was awakened by a bird that really looked like Margalo who pretened to be Stuart... I asked her a few personal questions, She was Stuart indeed...\"[Chapter 2] Stuart's POV: \"George explained everything to the parents... Dad remembered... Mom bought a toilet bowl cleaner...which brand is the same that turned Dad's pet mouse into a bird...so that explains a lot... I had to go to school today but the parents didn't want to… The most hard was to handle how to fly… All the day, with the help of Snowbell, I learned how to fly… 5pm, George came back…\" George- Stuart! There you are! I've been looking everywhere for you! Stuart- what's the matter? George- there's a new girl in class! You have to help me! Stuart- to do what? Seduce her? George- precisely… Stuart- I'm sorry George, I can't… George- Pleeease! I'll do anything! Stuart- anything? George- anything! Snowbell's POV: \"George left with Stuart with an idea to make the girl his own... George had a plan as he chats with the girl while Stuart flew a bit… I saw the whole scene: Stuart pretended to be hurt or ill and George \"saved\" the bird to impress the girl who said…\" Girl- Ewwwwww That's Disgusting! At the Little's, Stuart never felt so humiliated… George- Stuart wait! Stuart- I'm not a birdy George! I'm your brother! I'm Stuart! George- Stuart don't be ridiculous…okay I've gotta admit it, I was a sort of a womanizer but…she said it! Not me! That moment, the real Margalo came…much to Stuart's surprise… Margalo- Hi George! Is Stuart here? Stuart-Margalo! It's me Stu… George (puts his hand on Stuart's beak) - I'm sorry Margalo, Stuart went to his dance lessons… Margalo- who is she? George- her? Oh, that's Stu….Stella! Yes, Stella! Stuart just met her in Central Park, right babe? Stuart-…[Chapter 3] Stuart's POV: \"Stella… Oh boy… Now Margalo's gonna believe that I'm a girl for real and if I'm turning back into a mouse, she's gonna…\" Margalo- Hi… Stuart-oh Hi Margalo… Margalo- I'm sorry to interrupt… Stuart-It's allright… Margalo- Is Stuart back? I want to talk to him…It's very important… Stuart- What do you want to him? Margalo- Nothing…I just… George arrives… George- Stuart, wash up for dinner, mom made us some… Oh…I mean…Stella…your parents…you've got to… Stuart- yes! Sorry, I've gotta go… see you later guys… Margalo- you still have your parents? How wonderful! Stuart's POV : \"Margalo took me to Central Park just like I did with her in my mouse form… What can I say; I just can't lie to her!\" Stuart- okay, look, it's very nice to you but… Margalo- you reminds me of my twin sister… We were very close until that cat came out of nowhere and slaughter my family including her… Then I've been adopted by… Stuart- Falcon… Margalo- how did you know? Stuart- well…you…Stuart told me… Margalo- did he? He must be home now… Let's go see him… Stuart- no no no…he's got school tomorrow…he….has to rest… Margalo-I've got to apologize to him… He saved me from Falcon, he told me to go with the other birds… He told me: \"Margalo, I love you\" and I broke his heart… I like girls ( I felt for somebody in my bird friends) but I like him too… You will tell him I'm sorry for what happened… Stuart- that's ok Margalo… Stuart loves you too… Margalo's POV : \"Apparently, Stuart has a new girlfriend… Stella… She looks just like me… But Stella reminded me Stuart a lot… I suddenly asked : \"Stuart ?\" Stuart- yes ? It was him, I knew it! I asked the bird who was my favorite singer and actor, which was my favorite color and ice cream flavor… …Stuart answered correctly\" Stuart- sorry Margalo, I'm not Stella, I'm not a girl, and I'm not a bird…I'm… Margalo- you'll always be my friend Stuart…I will always love you, boy or girl… Stuart- but...you're...you love girls don't you ? Margalo- I'm bisexual... Stuart and Margalo share a kiss...and the two birds flew away as Snowbell, George and the parents looked on while crying happily. The End Oh, by the way... As for the toilet bowl cleaner, several recalls have been made since Anton Sullivan got turned into Celine Dion while making a challenge with some friends of him... ","Summary":" N.Y.C The Big Apple The city that never sleeps In the Little family's house... 9pm Stuart was sleep"},{"Movie":"Stuart Little","Title":"Little Snowbells","Author":"sakiko of soleana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8717243","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A story written for AnthonyAngrywolf Please excuse any misspellings and any ooc traits. I own nothing. Let me tell you a little story. Trust me you're gonna love it. I mean come on, everyone likes stories with happy endings and gushy cutesy stuff right? Well. This is my story. My name's Snowbell by the way, Snowbell Little. I live in the biggest most wondrous city in the world, New York! Ha ha oh, how I love roaming around this city, with it's tasty food and delicious flies. I love eating flies! Especially the crunchy ones- Oh man, how nice it is to just pounce on them and just feel the nice juicy- Sorry I'm driving away from the subject. A-hem. Anyways, this is my story. When I was just a little kitten, before that mouse-kid came into my life and before the big one...what's his name? Oh right George came into my life. It was when found me. You know, the big one with the glasses? He looks like the doctor guy from the tv? Yeah him. He was the one that found me in the first place. I was born in September...er...I think it was the first? Whatever it doesn't matter. Mr. Fredrick Little...He found me, and he was the one that gave me a home and gave me a good life. Little Snowbell \"Good morning!\" chirped a woman, turning her attention away from a computer and towards a man that had come into the shelter, \"How may I help you?\" her brown eyes shining in hopes that one of the animals she had in the shelter would be adopted and brought into a good home. \"Uh, Good morning, I'm Mr. Fredrick Little and I uh...well I'm-\" The woman on the counter smiled and placed her hands on her hips, \"Let me guess, you want to get something nice and cute for that 'Special Someone', right?\" a tall man with lovely blue eyes blinked in surprise, sheepishly smiling he asked,\"How did you know?\" The woman smiled and shook her head,\"A woman knows, I'm guessing you want something small cute and fluffy right? Ahhh, a puppy!\" laughed nervously at the suggestion,\"She's a neat freak actually, hates anything that slobbers,\" he said, rubbing the back of his neck. \"Oh, I get it. Hmmm..Does she like adorable plush toys?\" asked the woman, tapping her chin with a finger. \"She does,\"said , with a shrug,\"But she's very particular about them.\" \"Ohhh, you weren't kidding when you said 'neat freak,'\" laughed the woman, continuing to tap her chin in thought. \"Yes, she hates mud and she's very organized,\" said with a laugh,\"But I love her, she makes up for my unorganized habits.\" \"Funny,\" said the woman,\"Hmm, okay I think I have something she might like. Follow me sir,\" said the woman, stepping out from behind her counter and walking into a hallway. Mr. Little followed quickly, taking off his jacket in the process. It was fall, and the cold of winter was starting to make an appearance in the air. After passing a long isle of meowing and hissing cats, the woman opened led the quieter section of the shelter. \"Do you think your wife would like one of these cuteys?\"asked the woman, pointing to a large open-top animal pen. There in the middle of some old soft-looking towels and blankets, was a litter of kittens and their mother. The mother was a white Persian cat, her eyes wide and sparkling blue. Her kittens were another story, seven born, three were black and three were spotted black and white, and only one looked like its mother. \"They're adorable!\" exclaimed , practically melting at the sight of the kittens. \"Yeah they're cute alright. Griffon here had them a few weeks ago. How's my big girl doing?\" cooed the woman, leaning over and petting the mother cat on the head,\"They're mixed though. Some snotty breeder brought this Mommy here because he was ashamed that a Black Longhair fathered these babies, and well now I have to find homes for them.\" \"I feel sorry for him, they are cute,\" said ,\"And perfect for my wife.\" \"Oh she's your wifey? That's sweet. Hmm, since she's very neat, I say this one would be a keeper,\" said the woman, picking up a kitten and showing it to . It was the runt of the litter, but it sure was cute. A small white kitten that immediately captured 's heart. \"He's perfect.\" More will be up soon. Review.[Chapter 2] Guys this is just a heads up for Stuart Little Fans. Come on you guys If you want to see some more movies from this adorable mouse, please go to , search and click on Rob Minkoff: Make a fourth Stuart Little movie and Christmas special Sign the petition and keep it alive. Thank you[Chapter 3] Hey everyone, I'm back. This is going to be a brief chapter since at the moment everything in my life has gone downhill. A lot of things are happening right now and my time for writing has gone down. COMPLETELY.. So if you don't hear from me for a while it's because I'm busy. Chapter 2 \"I feel sorry for him, they are cute,\" said ,\"And perfect for my wife.\" \"Oh she's your wifey? That's sweet. Hmm, since she's very neat, I say this one would be a keeper,\" said the woman, picking up a kitten and showing it to . It was the runt of the litter, but it sure was cute. A small white kitten that immediately captured Mr. Little's heart. \"He's perfect.\" The little kitten mewled as took him into his arms,\"You sure are cute, aren't you little guy?\" The kitten only mewed as it settled in the man's arms, curling into a small ball and burying it's face into it's paws. \"This one's a boy \"He sure is cute. He's quiet and clean and a total fluffy-ball of fluffiness. I'm sure your gal will like him,\"said the woman, petting the little white \"What's his name?\"asked Mr. Little. \"Uhhh...hmm. I don't think he has one. I guess that's totally up to you and your wife,\" said the woman, petting the proud mother cat that lay among her kittens. \"You think she knows that I'm considering taking her baby to my home?\"asked, his blue eyes meeting the Mother Cat's for a moment. \"I think all mothers know when their babies are loved, and about to be taken care of,\"said the Woman, giving a smile,\"Animals, no matter what people say, have souls too.\" The little kitten in hand hand mewed and Mr. Little's heart melted. \"Has he won you over yet?\"asked the woman. \"Yes...He has,\"said Mr. Little, smiling as the small kitten licked his cheek,\"He's perfect.\" \"Mew!\" \"How much for him?\" \"Nothing. All I want is for you to promise to take care of him, can I count on you to do that?\" \"Yes.\" The Mother cat in the box purred loudly and reached out her paw, swiping slowly at the air as if beckoning the blue-eyed man to come closer. \"Oh, will you look at that?\"said the woman, scratching the back of her neck in surprise,\"I think she wants to say good-bye.\" \"Oh?\" \"Meow.\" \"Hey there mama cat,\"said Mr. Little with a smile as he kneeled before the Mother cat, presenting the little kitten before her. The larger cat purred and rubbed her cheeks against Mr. Little's hands, bestowing one last loving lick to her kitten. The little kitten mewed and licked his mother's nose. Good bye . ","Summary":" A story written for AnthonyAngrywolf Please excuse any misspellings and any ooc traits. I own nothi"},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Everybody Deserves Somebody","Author":"Ultrawoman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1037493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Drive Me Crazy is one of my favourite films but there was one thing that always annoys me about the end. Everybody who deserves to have somebody seems to have somebody (Chase and Nicole, Dave and Dee, Brad and Alicia, Mrs Maris and Mr Hammond) except for one guy. This story finds a girl for this one guy who deserves someone special. I'm not sure if this is going to work out but I'm going to try anyway and I'd be very happy to hear any comments about this first chapter, so if you read, please review. (Disclaimer : I do not own any characters from 'Drive Me Crazy' They are owned by the makers of the film, and Todd Strasser, author of 'How I created My Perfect Prom Date' (the book on which the film Drive Me crazy was based). I own one character, called Jennifer Jacobs) Chapter 1 - The Centennial Dance She had watched the whole thing. She was glad Nicole and Chase were finally back together. Of course, she was happy for them, but she was happy for herself too as it gave her a chance to make her own dreams come true, but it still pained her to see the guy she loved so upset. Jennifer Jacobs was in love with Ray Neeley. Unfortunately for Jenny, Ray had the biggest crush on Nicole Maris, and with her in the picture, there was no chance of Ray even looking at anyone else. In fairness, no-on really paid a whole lot of attention to Jenny anyway. She was just another school girl at Timothy Zonin High School. A normal, plain, regular girl with nothing special about her at all. Nicole had everything that Jenny wanted. She was smart, she was blonde, she was beautiful, she knew how to dress, basically she was the complete opposite of Jenny. However, when Nicole started dating Chase, Jenny thought maybe she'd get her chance with Ray. She hoped that he might even ask her to the Centennial Dance but it was not to be. Ray was Nicole's back up and so when the news broke out in Time Zone High that Nicole and Chase had broken up, Jenny realised her hopes had been shattered. She was never going to get her dream date with her dream guy. 'Friends, popularity and love' she thought to herself as she gulped down her fourth glass of punch, which she was pretty sure was spiked with something, 'that's all I really want' she sighed, 'is that too much to ask'. The dance should have been a lot of fun, but not for Jenny. The few friends she had, had managed to get dates amongst themselves and so were paying a lot of attention to each other and very little attention to her. No-one asked her to dance, no-one spoke to her, everyone was far too busy having a good time to notice Jennifer Jacobs. Eight glasses of spiked punch later, Jenny stumbled out of the front doors of the high school and into the limo her brother had rented for himself, his sister and his date. Tim Jacobs, who was hardly any more popular than his older sister, asked her if she was okay, as the car began to move. His date, Stacey, a girl who was usually equally unnoticed and unwanted as Jenny, tried to smile sympathetically but Jenny just ignored her. \"I'm fine\" she snapped, pressing her face against the glass of the limo door and dreaming of how the evening might have been if only Ray would've noticed her. When the car pulled up outside the Jacob's house, Jenny fell out of the door and into the house. She practically crawled up the stairs to her bedroom, all this time thankful that her parents had gone away that afternoon and would not be back until Sunday night, and also that her brother was too pre-occupied with Stacey, to bother her anymore tonight. Jenny collapsed onto her bed and sighed deeply. It was four in the morning, but she had decided, she had to do it and it had to be now. It had taken her the car ride home to make the decision, but now she was determined to do it. She picked up the phone and pulled out the phone directory. Her eyes almost refused to focus on the pages but Jenny blinked hard and after several minutes of trying to remember her alphabet, she managed to find the number she needed. She picked up the phone again and dialled. \"Hello?\" said a voice on the other end. \"Hi, Nicole, this is Jenny\" Nicole tried to think of all the people she knew called Jenny. It was after four in the morning and she was just staring to feel sleepy after the nights events. Chase had turned up at the dance and they had ended up in their old tree house kissing, after coming home and finding out that her mother and his father were a couple. They didn't care. They were in love and now she had been sitting her bedroom, day-dreaming about what had happened and what was going to happen, almost unable to sleep with all the excitement that had taken place. \"Jenny?\" Nicole questioned, unable to place the name, immediately. \"Jenny Jacobs\" the girl told her. \"Oh, hi\" Nicole suddenly realised who she was talking to. She remembered sitting near Jenny in a few classes and talking too her several times but they were not close friends and Nicole found it strange that this girl was calling her at this hour. \"What can I do for you?\" she asked, curiously. \"I was wondering if you could help me with something...\" Jenny began. \"Okay\" Nicole answered non-commitally. \"Well, it's kind of hard to explain right now, on the phone and everything\" Jenny's mind was clouded by the alcohol she had consumed and the mixture of emotions she was feeling. \"Can I come over to your house later, it's important\" she said, eventually. Nicole was not really sure what to say. She didn't really want to give an answer when it was not clear what the girl actually wanted but the amount of dancing and other things she had done were starting to catch up with her and tiredness was taking over, so she decided just to agree. \"Sure, why not\" she tried to sound cheery about it and Jenny certainly sounded pleased to have received this response. \"Thankyou, Nicole, it really means a lot to me, thankyou so much\" \"Okay, so I'll see you around two in the afternoon, is that okay?\" Nicole suggested. \"That's fine. That's great, brilliant, thankyou\" Jenny was thrilled. \"Okay, well I'll see you then\" Nicole wanted desperately to get off the phone, \"Bye\" \"Bye\" Jenny answered, giggling as she hung up the phone. In less than ten hours her plan would be put into action and then maybe Ray would notice her and she would get the guy of her dreams. A/N ; Please review and if people are interested in reading more I will update soon.[Chapter 2] A/N : I'm not sure if anyone is reading this, [apart from Kala4nea, thanx for the review] but I thought I'd post the next chapter anyway, just in case. If you are reading this, please review so I know that there is a point in me continuing. (Disclaimer : see part 1) The door bell rang and Nicole moved to answer it. The door opened to reveal Chase. \"Chase, you have to leave\" she said immediately. \"Well that's a nice welcome\" he laughed, \"I'm pleased to see you too\" \"You know I'm always pleased to see you\" she told him. \"Well, I think I'm going to need some proof\" he smiled, playfully, knowing he would earn the kiss that he so desperately wanted, \"you got any ideas?\" They leaned into each other until their lips met. \"Happy now?\" Nicole asked as they broke away after a couple of minutes. \"Of course\" Chase smiled, \"Now tell me again why I have to leave\" \"Y'know Jenny Jacobs?\" \"Vaguely\" \"Well, she called me up last night, well, this morning actually, after we got back, and asked me if she could come over this afternoon. She said it was urgent and I could say no\" \"What time is she coming?\" Chase checked his watch. \"2 o'clock\" Nicole told him, \"Why?\" \"Because, that means we have another fifteen minutes to fill\" he explained, smiling down on her as he moved into the hallway and closed the front door behind him. \"Well what did you have in mind?\" she asked as if she didn't know. He put his arms around her and moved in to kiss her again just as a knock came on the door. \"I'm guessing Jenny's early\" Chase hated the fact that he was probably right in his guess. \"Look, go in there\" Nicole said, pointing to the living room, \"and I'll try and get rid of her\" she concluded. Whatever it was that Jenny wanted, Nicole did not see that it would take long and then at least she should have some time alone with Chase before her mother came home. Chase did as he was told and went and made himself comfortable on the sofa whilst Nicole went to answer the door. On the other side of the door, Jenny knocked again. She wore a plain T-shirt and jeans with a pair of trainers, and her brown curly hair flew all over the place on the breeze. She had no make-up on at all and the effects of the party the night before had caused ringing in her ears, bags under her eyes and a severe pain in her head. All in all, Jenny Jacobs looked, and felt, a mess. As the door opened, she felt nauseous. Had this been a really stupid idea? Nicole greeted her cheerily and Jenny's nerves calmed a little, although her jealousy rose slightly too. \"Hey Jenny, how are you?\" Nicole had perfect blonde hair that did as t was told. She had fashion sense, she had manicured nails, and she had a fresh complexion and a vibrancy about her all the time. It all made Jenny feel worse. \"Hi Nicole\" she tried to smile, \"I'm fine, well, actually, I'm not and that's kind of why I'm here\" she fidgeted. \"Look, do you mind if I come in for a minute?\" Nicole was too nice to say no and so moved away from the door and allowed the other girl to come inside, all the time hoping that Chases presence might deter Jenny from staying too long. \"Sure, come in,\" she smiled, \"but I warn you, Chase is here\" \"Oh great, because I could use his help too\" Jenny grinned and Nicole's own expression grew more and more confused, but there was no time for questions as the brunette burst into the living room to find Chase, sitting on the sofa with a can of soda in his hand. \"Hey Chase\" Jenny smiled. \"Hi\" he replied, attempting to smile back, then he turned to Nicole, \"I found this in the kitchen, hope you don't mind\" \"That's fine\" Nicole smiled, glad Chase felt at home in her home. Although plans weren't firmly settled between her mother and his father it looked as though they would all be living together soon anyway. \"So, Jenny, what's up?\" Chase asked the girl, at an attempt to make conversation, as well as find out what she wanted with his girlfriend. \"Well, I wanted to talk to you about a guy I like\" she blushed as she spoke, \"he's a friend of both of you so I thought you'd be able to help me\" \"And who would that be?\" Chase asked, unable to think of who she could mean. He sipped at his drink and Nicole moved to sit down on the sofa next to him. \"Ray Neeley\" Jenny smiled and it was all Chase could do not to spay the entire room with soda. He swallowed hard and looked utterly shocked. \"You wanna date Ray?\" Jenny only nodded as Chase looked at her strangely. Nicole was intrigued. \"I don't see how we can help you with that\" \"Oh come on, Nicole\" Jenny sighed, \"Everyone knows that Ray likes you, and I like him so I need to be more like you. I'm asking you for a make-over\" \"You're kidding, right?\" Chase laughed, \"You want Nicole to do a make-over on you so that Ray will go out with you?\" \"Yes\" Jenny was glad to admit. \"Well, I don't know Jenny\" Nicole wasn't sure, but Jenny was. \"But you made-over Chase, why not me?\" \"But that was different...\" \"Not really. A lot of girls who hadn't even looked twice at Chase before, all started paying attention after you changed him\" the dark haired girl explained. Chase couldn't help but smile at that. \"A lot of girls?\" he grinned and Nicole hit him playfully in the arm to silence him. \"Okay, why not? Yes, I'll do it. We'll do it!\" Jenny beamed, glad her proposal had been accepted but Chase wasn't convinced. \"Er, Nicole, could I have a word with you for a second\" he said, tugging on his girlfriends sleeve, \"We'll just be a minute\" he smiled at the grinning girl in the chair and pushed Nicole into the kitchen. \"Are you crazy?\" he asked her as soon as they were out of ear-shot. \"What? Ray needs a girlfriend and Jenny's a nice girl who really likes him\" \"She's hardly his type, Nicole. You know Ray likes you\" Chase reasoned but Nicole was determined. \"Chase, she knows that, that's why she wants our help. Look, here we have two people who both need dates and who are both in need of a little help if that is going to happen. Sound familiar? A few weeks ago that was us and look how happy we are now. We helped each other, now he have to help them. Please Chase\" she moved up close to him and kissed his neck. \"I really don't have a choice, do I?\" he said. Nicole smiled and placed a final kiss on his lips. \"No, you don't\" she said as she moved away from him. \"I'll go and tell Jenny that we're all going shopping!\" A/N : Like I said before, if you read this, please review so I know that there is a point in me continuing with it. If I get a few more reviews then I will write and post more soon.[Chapter 3] A/N : Sorry it's taken me so long to update but I have been writing so many stories at once that I have kind of left this one behind. Anyway, thanx to those people who reviewed; Kori Lewis, lil, Julie and the two anonymous reviewers - I do appreciate all your comments. I think should clarify that Jenny is a character that I invented and who was not in the original film of Drive Me Crazy. This chapter is quite short but I will try and update again soon. (Disclaimer : see chapter 1) Chapter 3 - The Make-Over \"Shopping? Are none of my own clothes any good?\" Jenny asked. \"Well...\" Nicole hated having to tell her that she looked awful, but it was the truth, \"how can I put this tactfully Chase?\" she half whispered. \"Tell her what you told me\" he whispered back and then spoke more loudly as he mimicked what Nicole had once said to him, \"For starters, you can't wear...anything you own, and we have to clean you up\" \"Okay, was that aimed at me?\" Jenny looked confused, having missed the whispered portion of the conversation. \"Well, it does kind of fit, yeah\" Nicole admitted. Jenny looked so embarrassed that Nicole almost felt guilty and Chase definitely felt uncomfortable. \"Look, I'm sure you have some great clothes, but they're not the kind of clothes that will get a guys attention. If they were then you wouldn't be asking us for help, would you?\" the blonde girl rationalised and Jenny had to admit she was right. \"So, let's go shopping!\" Nicole pushed Jenny into a changing booth with a pile of clothes she had picked out for her. The plan was that she would come out in each outfit and both Nicole and Chase would give their opinions in the vain hope that they would be able to settle on a new look for Jenny that would catch Ray's attention. \"So, am I supposed to be honest here, or am I supposed to say she looks good in everything?\" Chase whispered to his girlfriend as they waited for Jenny to appear in outfit number one. \"Well, there's no point to this unless you're honest, but don't be too harsh either, okay?\" she told him and Chase smiled. \"Oh yeah, that was real clear, Nicole\" he said sarcastically as Jenny emerged in a knee length skirt and low cut top. \"Well?\" she asked, turning around slowly. \"I like the skirt\" Nicole said honestly, \"but I'm not sure about the top, it might be a little too much for you. What do you think, Chase?\" \"Well, if you want to get a guy's attention...\" he smiled and Nicole hit him playfully in the chest. \"She doesn't want to get it like that!\" she smiled, turning back to Jenny, \"Try the blue one with the short sleeves\" she suggested and with a nod, Jenny disappeared back into the stall. About a dozen shops and countless outfits later, Jenny was the proud owneer of a wardrobe full of 'suitable' clothes, but Nicole wasn't finished yet. \"Can we go home now?\" Chase asked for the eighth time that afternoon. \"Not until we're finished Chase, stop complaining\" Nicole told him as she dragged him and Jenny into a beauty parlour. \"Do you know how stupid I feel in this place?\" Chase looked very uncomfortable and completely out of place now, even more than he had in the fashion stors. \"Well, I guess we can cope without you now, if you're really desperate to go home\" \"I am\" he admitted. \"Okay, fine, go!\" Nicole laughed and waved him away. \"Thanks for your help Chase\" Jenny said as he walked away. \"Not a problem. See you later\" he called back. \"Why are we in here, anyway?\" Jenny asked, trining back to Nicole. \"Clothes aren't enough to transform you. We still have hair, nails and make-up to do\" th blonde girl explained. \"So, then Ray will notice me?\" the brunette checked. \"Well, let's hope so\" A/N : Please review and I'll update as soon as I can.[Chapter 4] A/N : Here is chapter 4. It is longer than my previous chapters, and I hope you all enjoy it. I hope also, that I'm getting the characters right. I really should watch my video of Drive Me Crazy again soon, because it's been a while. Anyway, thanx to those you read and reviewed; Carly, SBGrl925, amaris, Kori, mandy. Please remember to review this chapter too! (Disclaimer : see chapter 1) Chapter 4 - The Reaction \"Hey Ray\" Nicole smiled, and although he smiled back, Ray couldn't help but be suspicious. Nicole didn't usually come over to talk specifically to him. Sure, after Friday night when they had gone to the Centennial dance together, Ray had hoped that Nicole considered him as at least her friend, but he had assumed that was wishful thinking. When she suddenly came over to him in the school hall in front of everybody he was starting to think another scam was under way. \"Hey Nicole, what's up?\" he greeted her. \"Oh nothing, er, have you seen my friend Jenny, y'know Jenny Jacobs?\" she asked, pretending to look around for her 'friend'. \"No, can't say I have\" Ray admitted. \"Oh well, never mind,\" the blonde girl shrugged, \"Maybe you'll see her later\" she said accidentally on purpose, \"I mean, maybe I'll see her later\" she corrected herself and Ray looked at her strangely. \"I have to go now\" he told her, making a quick get-away. 'What is up with Nicole?' he thought to himself as he walked away. Suddenly, he saw Chase appear from around the corner. \"Hi Chase\" he greeted his friend. \"Hey Ray\" Chase grinned, \"You haven't seen that girl - Jenny Jacobs - around, have you?\" Now Ray really was suspicious. \"Nicole just asked me that\" he told his friend, \"What's the deal with this girl?\" Chase shrugged. \"I don't know, nothing I guess\" It wasn't a particularly clever response, but then Chase was never at his most clever this early on a Monday morning, especially when he had been forced to spend most of his weekend with two girls and amongst a lot of clothes and make-up. \"Okay...\" Ray was about to ask Chase for the real truth when the school bell shrilled into life. \"Well, I'll see you at lunch!\" Chase called as he disappeared into the crowd of people in the halls. \"Yeah, see you later\" Ray said to himself, as he adjusted the bag on his shoulder and moved down the hall to his locker. As usual, Ray's locker door jammed and he spent several minutes just trying to force the door open. The halls quickly cleared, leaving Ray alone, now half inside his locker, trying to drag out the books he needed. He emerged from his locker, and started to stuff the books into his bag when he heard a loud noise. He turned to see a girl, sprawled on the floor, cursing her new high heeled shoes, with her books spread out in front of her. \"Need a hand?\" he asked, and without waiting for an answer, he closed his locker door and started to help the girl pick up her belongings. \"Thanks\" the girl said, picking up herself and her books, \"It's just I'm not used to these shoes and...\" she looked up and suddenly realised who she was talking to, \"Hi Ray\" He looked at her again. \"Do I know you?\" he asked, unsure as to who she was. \"It's Jenny - Jennifer Jacobs, I sit behind you in English\" she explained. \"Wow, you look...different\" he gaped, almost unable to believe this was the same girl. She looked taller in the high heels she wore and her short skirt showed off her legs. The entire outfit hugged the curves of her body and her hair had been cut and styled beautifully. Dark curls fell gracefully to just above her shoulders, and there was just something different and beautiful about every part of her. \"Oh yeah, I had my hair done at the weekend\" Jenny giggled, trying to seem grateful for the compliment and yet cool about it, like Nicole had taught her. Her appearance made her more confident, even around the object of her affection. \"What do you think?\" she asked him. \"Well, I don't know, it's nice...\" Ray really wasn't sure how to act around this girl. She was not the same Jenny he'd seen around school before, now she was way out of his league, and all he wanted to do was get out of this awkward situation. \"I'm really not the person to ask about style and fashion\" he said, quickly, \"I have to go\" and with that he handed Jenny her last book and disappeared around the corner. She smiled to herself as she watched his go. 'Well, he definitely noticed me' It was lunch time and half the population of Time Zone High piled into the cafeteria. \"Hey Ray, Dave\" Chase called to his two friends as they entered and gestured for them to come over and sit with him. \"Hey Chase\" Dave said as he got to the table, \"I guess Nicole's at the student council meeting thing that Dee's gone too\" \"Yeah\" Chase sighed, \"So it looks like it's a 'guys only' lunch\" \"Good\" Ray said, which got a strange look from both Chase and Dave, \"I need to talk to you guys about something\" he started to explain. \"Y'know that girl you were talking about this morning? Jenny?\" Chase nodded. \"I saw her in the halls earlier, and man, has she changed. Seriously guys, I think I'm in love\" Chase couldn't help but laugh. He thought the changes Nicole had made to Jenny were incredible, but he really hadn't been too confident that they would have the desired effect on Ray. Turned out he was wrong. \"Who's Jenny?\" Dave couldn't place the name. \"Jennifer Jacobs\" Chase said, still laughing, \"She's in our Math class\" \"Oh yeah, I know who you mean\" Dave said, thinking about it \"She can't have changed that much\" \"Believe me, she has\" Ray told him. \"And this is amusing to you because...?\" Dave couldn't understand why Chase was laughing so hard. \"Nothing, no reason\" he lied. \"Come on Chase, I've never seen you laugh so much for no reason\" his friend was determined to know what was so funny about some girl getting a make-over. \"Okay, but don't tell Nicole I told you this because she would kill me, and Dave, that means you can't tell Dee\" Chase said, suddenly serious. \"Deal, now tell us what's going on\" Dave said, impatiently. So Chase explained how Nicole had done a makeover on Jenny because she wanted Ray to notice her. \"She wants to date Ray?\" Dave looked shocked, but all Ray could do was smile like an idiot. \"I know, it's crazy\" Chase joked. \"But seriously, the girl likes you Ray and she thought since Nicole did such a good job making me over, she could do the same for her\" Ray didn't know what to say and Chase couldn't help but turn to Dave and ask, \"Did you know a lot of girls wanted to go out with me after Nicole cut my hair and took over my wardrobe?\" Dave laughed, \"Yeah, I heard\" \"So, Ray, you think you're gonna go out with Jenny?\" Chase asked, turning to his other friend, who was now staring off into space. \"I don't know, I guess\" he said, coming back down to earth and the conversation at the table \"but I mean, she is so out of my league now. She could date any guy she wanted\" \"Ray, she did it for you! She wants to date you!\" Chase persisted. \"God knows why\" Dave mocked. \"Yeah, well, we'll see what happens\" Ray said, thoughtfully, \"We'll see what happens\" A/N : Please remember to review and I'll update again soon.[Chapter 5] A/N : I haven't been too good at upating this fic regularly but I am doing my best to write quicker and post more often now. Thanx to rock-goddess27 and Eva for their reviews on chapter 4 - glad you like the story. Here's chapter 5. (Disclaimer : see chapter 1) Chapter 5 - The Next Step \"Hey Chase\" Nicole called as she spotted her boyfriend in the halls \"What's up?\" \"I've just been talking to Ray, about Jenny\" he told her. \"He saw her?\" Nicole asked excitedly. She was really enjoying this. \"Yeah, and I think he likes her but I don't think he's got the guts to do anythig about it. He thinks she's out of his league now\" Chase was beginning to think the whole thing was hopeless and pointless, but Nicole was more confident. \"Well, then we'll just have to show him that they're perfect for each other, just like you and me\" she grinned, kissing him on the cheek. Chase smiled. \"But how do we get them together?\" Nicole thought for a moment and then smiled widely as she came up with a solution. \"Why don't we have a party?\" \"At your house?\" Chase wanted to know. \"Yeah\" Nicole nodded, \"or yours, or both, I mean we could have a huge party at both our houses on Friday night. Our parents our going away together Friday afternoon and they won't get back til late on Sunday so we'd have plenty of time to clean up...\" she rambled on with excitement at the prospect of planning the party of the year as well as setting up a romance for two of her friends. \"I think it's going to be easier if I just agree to this isn't it?\" Chase really couldn't be bothered to argue about it even though he knew this party was going to take planning and organising, and that he would undoubtedly have to help out with a lot of it. Nicole was going to throw this party with or without his consent so it was easier just to give in. \"Well, yes\" Nicole smiled as innocently as she could. \"Okay fine, what do I have to do?\" Chase asked the dreaded question but was pleasantly surprised by the answer he got. \"Just make sure Ray is there, I'll do the rest\" \"Okay\" he said, surprised at his lack of responsibilities but none-the-less pleased about it. The bell rang and his next class was about to start \"See you later\" he called as he disappeared down the hall. Nicole smiled to herself, now all she had to do was tell the plan to Jenny. Nicole watched as Jenny literally fell into the girls bathroom. 'Maybe those high heeled shoes were a bad move' she thought, as she followed her new friend. \"Hey Jenny!\" she greeted her \"So you saw him today, right?\" \"Yes\" the brunette said, as both girls stood by the mirors and pulled out their make-up bags. \"And?\" even though Nicole had heard what had happened from Ray, through Chase, she wanted to hear it the way Jenny told it. \"I think I got his attention\" Jenny smiled weakly. \"That's great\" Nicole grinned at her. \"Not really, I tripped on my heels\" she blushed and looked down at her new shoes. \"Oh well, you'll get used to them\" Nicole told her comfortingly. \"Yeah, but now what?\" Jenny loved her new lok, and it was getting all the guys attention, including Ray, but what was she supposed to do for her next move? \"Well, if he noticed you, he might ask you out, but if he's shy...\" Nicole acted thinking hard before adding, with a fake gasp, \"Oh, I have an idea, we'll have a party\" \"A party?\" Jenny looked a little surprised and a lot scared at the suggestion. \"Yeah, I'll invite everybody and we can have it at mine and Chase's houses cos my Mom and his Dad are going away together this weekend...\" Nicole trailed off. It still felt kind of weird having her Mom and Mr Hammond dating, and she knew all to well what they would be doing on their weekend away together. She really didn't want to think about it. \"If your parents are dating, doesn't that make you and Chase kind if like brother and sister?\" Jenny observed. \"Eeeww! No!\" Nicole all but yelled, disgusted at the idea. \"Sorry\" said quietly, meaning it absolutely. \"Just don't mention it again, plaesae\" Nicole shook her head, hoping it would remove the disgusting thoughts and then continued to talk about the party. \"Okay, so we'll have a party and you can come, looking stunning, and I'll make sure he is there and it'll be perfect\" she smiled, feeling very pleased with herself. \"I hope this works\" Jenny sighed, putting the finishing touches to her re-application of make-up. \"Of course it will. By the end of the party you'll have Ray for sure\" Nicole assured her as the two girls left the bathroom. As soon as they had done, a cubicle door swung open and a pale skinned, dark haired girl emerged. 'She likes Ray?' Alicia thought to herself, 'So that's why the Jacobs girl has gone babe over night. Well, no-one is going to be more popluar than me, plus, I can get one over on Nicole for what she said about me to Brad and at the dance...' A/N : Please review and I plan to post again quite soon so keep checking for updates![Chapter 6] A/N : I've been busy with this fic and I've managed to get two chapters done! Thanx to lil and Kala4nea for the latest reviews. Here's chapter 6... Chapter 6 - The Party and The Bitch \"Well, it took a lot of work but I think we pulled it off\" Nicole smiled, looking around at all the people partying in her house. \"Yeah, well, let's just hope your little plan works\" Chase replied. \"Of course it will work\" his girlfriend assured him, \"My plans always do\" \"You sure?\" he wasn't as certain as she was, because he understood what his friend was feeling - unworthy of the girl he wanted. \"My last plan worked better than I thought\" Nicole told him, wrapping her arms around him, \"because I ended up with you\" she grinned and kissed him, and they were having quite a good time until they were interrupted by a voice. \"Hey guys\" \"Hey Ray\" Nicole smiled, disentangling herself from Chase. \"Hey man, glad you came\" Chase clapped his friend on the back. \"Yeah, me too\" he grinned as Jenny approached the three. \"Jenny!\" Nicole greeted her excitedly, as her friends entrance was perfectly timed. \"Hi Nicole, Chase, Ray\" Jenny greeted them all \"Hi\" Ray answered quietly. There was an awkward pause and then Nicole had an idea. \"So, Chase, you wanna dance?\" she asked, giving him a look that said 'say yes or else' \"Er, yeah, right\" her boyfriend realised what she was doing, \"see you guys later\" he added as he was led to the dance floor. The other two watched them go and Jenny couldn't bear the silence anymore. \"Don't worry, I wore flats tonight\" she joked. \"Oh, yeah\" Ray laughed a little and then said \"You look...great\" \"Thanks, so do you\" she blushed, then another awkward pause. \"You, er, wanna dance?\" he dared to ask and the girl's face lit up. She was about to answer when Eddie Lampell, star football player and all around jerk, appeared behind them. \"Hey Jenny, you're looking good\" he leered, probably already half drunk. \"Thanks, Eddie\" she said, uncomfortable. \"So, do you feel like dancing?\" he asked. \"Yes\" she smiled, and Ray wanted to crawl into a corner and die until she added \"but not with you, sorry. Ray already asked me\" With that she took his hand and led him out amongst the rest of the crowd who were already moving to the music. Eddie looked shocked but Ray looked more so. \"Why are you dancing with me when you could be dancing with Eddie?\" he said, not complaining but curious. \"Because you asked first\" she said simply \"and because he's a jerk and because\" she paused \"well, I like you better\" she admitted. \"I can live with that\" the young man smiled, putting his arms around her. Across the room, Chase was dancing with Nicole when he suddenly spotted the other couple. \"I should've known your plan would work...\" he sighed. \"What?\" Nicole asked, lifting her head from Chase's shoulder. He pointed in the direction of Jenny and Ray and she turned to see them dancing and laughing together. \"Oh look how cute they are together\" she grinned. \"Let's just hope it lasts, then maybe you could give me some more attention instead of them\" her boyfriend feigned annoyance. \"I'm sorry Chase, you feeling left out?\" she asked. \"Maybe, a little\" he smirked. \"Come here, let me make it up to you\" she said, pulling him into a long kiss. \"You wanna drink?\" Ray asked as the song ended. \"Yes, please\" Jenny replied, unable to stop herself from grinning like an idiot \"While you get that I'm just gonna use the little girls room\" she added, excusing herself. Ray moved toward the kitchen, pushing past dancing couples, kissing couples, and a few single people too. He was trying to hunt down some mineral water for Jenny when a voice caught his attention. \"Good evening Ray\" He turned to see a dark haired girl striking a pose in the doorway. \"What are you doing here Alicia?\" he asked her. \"Partying, same as everyone else\" she smiled and came closer toward him. \"Did Nicole invite you?\" Ray couldn't believe that was possible given that the two ex-best-friends had barely spoken to each other since the night of the last pre-Centennial Party when Alicia had made a move on Chase. \"Not directly\" she admitted, \"but I wanted to come, so I did\" she was standing right next to him now \"I always get what I want\" she told him, leaning close \"How about you Ray?\" \"What do you mean?\" he said, nervously. \"I mean\" she said, barely above a whisper, leaning in even closer \"what do you want?\" \"Alicia...\" was the last word he managed to say before she kissed him. It might not have been so bad if he had pushed her away or tried to move, but he just stood there and let her kiss him. Of course, everything went according to Alicia's plan. She knew no guy could resist her and she knew Jenny would come looking for Ray. A sound somewhere between a cry and a sob came from the doorway and Alicia pulled away. She turned to see Jenny standing there and Ray saw her too. \"Oops\" Alicia said with a grin that said she didn't really care \"See you later\" she called to Ray as she left the room pushing past Jenny as she went \"Loser\" A/N : On to chapter 7...[Chapter 7] A/N : Here's chapter 7... Chapter 7 - The Tears and The Final Attempt \"Jenny...\" Ray stepped toward her but she couldn't bear to be near him right now. She moved back into the next room where Nicole spotted her. \"Jen?\" Nicole tried to speak to her friend, but Jenny didn't stop. She ran straight past her blonde friend, tears streaming down her face. She ran into the bathroom and locked the door. Nicole put her head around the door to the kitchen. \"Ray, what happened?\" she asked but he didn't answer her. He slid his back down the refrigerator and landed on the floor with his head in his hands. \"Nicole, what's going on?\" Chase asked as he appeared behind his girlfriend. \"I don't know Chase\" she said, a little angry that her friend was upset and that Ray seemed to be the cause \"Ask him!\" she told Chase as she went to talk to Jenny. \"Ray? What's going on?\" Chase asked his friend, walking over to him. \"One word, man - \" Ray sighed, \"Alicia\" \"She didn't? You didn't?\" Chase couldn't believe this had happened to his friend. \"She did, and I did\" the guy on the floor admitted and Chase moved to sit beside him. \"I would say you were an idiot, but you're not the first\" \"I am an idiot\" Ray laughed humourlessly. \"Well, yeah\" Chase conceded \"but so was I once\" \"That doesn't help me though. I had a real shot with Jenny and I blew it\" his friend groaned. \"Hey, I thought I'd blown it with Nicole, but it all worked out\" Chase put a reassuring hand on his friends shoulder. \"Yeah, but that doesn't mean it's going to work out for me\" Ray said, pessimistically. \"Well, you'll never know unless you try\" Chase wasn't really that good at the whole relationship advice thing but he was giving it his best shot. \"You think she'll listen if I go talk to her?\" 'Er, no!' Chase thought to himself. \"Not yet, let Nicole talk to her first. When girls start crying and are mad at you, it's best to let another girl deal with it first\" he told him, trying to sound like he knew what he was talking about. \"And in the meantime, what do I do?\" Ray wanted to know. \"For once in your life Ray, be a man\" Chase encouraged his friend, \"and get drunk!\" he laughed. Ray managed a small smile too picking up the nearest alcoholic drink and swallowing as much as he could at once. \"Jenny?\" Nicole called to her friend and tapped on the bathroom door. \"Nicole, go away\" came the response. \"Come on, Jen, I just wanna help\" Nicole persisted and the door opened to reveal the tear stained face of her friend. \"What happened?\" she asked, genuinely concerned. \"I went to find Ray, he'd gone to get us a drink and when I saw him, he was...\" Jenny made a face and looked like she might burst into tears again at any moment. \"He was what?\" Nicole didn't understand. \"Him and Alicia...\" Jenny spat the girls name. \"Alicia?\" 'I should have known' Nicole thought, sitting down on the stairs and sliding over so Jenny could join her \"Jenny, I know you're thinking awful things about Ray right now and I know what he did was dumb, but you know what Alicia's like. She broke up Brad and Kathy last month, then she tried to break up me and Chase, it's what she does\" \"He didn't have to kiss her\" the brunette complained. \"I know, but they're guys\" Nicole pointed out \"you have to cut them some slack. Alicia, as much as I hate her\" and she really did hate her now \" she knows what she's doing when it comes to manipulating guys and their hormones\" \"He's to blame too\" Jenny was adamant about that. \"Yes, he is\" the blonde admitted, \"he should have more self control, but like I said it happened to me and Chase too, and I'll bet we're not the only ones\" Jenny didn't answer but looked as if she was considering what her friend was telling her and maybe even starting to believe it. \"So are you gonna talk to him?\" Nicole asked eventually. \"I don't know, well, yeah, I guess\" Jenny wasn't sure what she wanted to do, she did want to talk to Ray but having to face him now was too hard \"not now, not tonight, I can't. Actually, I'm gonna go home Nicole, I'm sorry, I know this party was mostly because of me, but I need to get out of here...\" she rambled as she stood up. She looked like she might cry again at any moment so her friend interrupted. \"Hey, it's okay, don't worry\" Nicole smiled and Jenny even managed a small smile of her own. \"We will fix this you know\" her friend assured her. \"I hope so\" said Jenny as she walked away. A/N : Please review!!! I think there will be two more chapters and I'm writing as fast as I can cos I really want it finished by Christmas.[Chapter 8] A/N : I don't know if anyone is still reading this but here are the last two chapters. (Disclaimer : see chapter 1) Chapter 8 - The Letters \"Jenny!\" her brother called to her. She reluctantly pulled herself out of bed and groaned at the memories of the night before. She had come so close to getting somewhere with Ray but it had all been ruined when he fell for the charms of Alicia de Grecario. What was it with that girl and her effects on any guy with a pulse? \"Jenny!\" Tim called again. \"I'm coming!\" she yelled back, pulling on her dressing gown and tumbling out of her room. \"What's all the yelling for?\" she was curious to know. The crying from the night before had made her feel drained the morning after and she attributed her throbbing head to the half bottle of gin that she hoped her parents wouldn't miss from the drinks cabinet - well, she needed to drown her sorrows some how. \"Letter for you\" Tim told her, thrusting an envelope in her hand and then disappearing into the kitchen. Jenny took the letter back upstairs and started to wonder why the envelope had only her name on it and not her address. 'No stamp either' she thought as she re-entered her bedroom, 'Weird'. She flopped down on her bed, face down, and opened the envelope carefully. Inside was a short note in handwriting she didn't recognise. 'Jenny, I am very sorry for what happened last night. We were having such a good time and it was spoilt by my dreadful mistake. I want to make a real apology in person so please meet me in Jefferson Park, by the fountain, at three o'clock. Yours hopefully Ray' Jenny's eyes grew wide as she read the words. This note had been, quite clearly, hand delivered to her house. Ray Neeley had been near her house? She was surprised he even knew where she lived. He wanted to meet her? She wasn't sure what to do. Part of her was still mad at him for what had happened with Alicia at the party, but it was a well known fact that Alicia was constantly miserable and because misery loves company she liked to create some for others. Also Miss de Grecario had done the same thing to Chase and Nicole, and their relationship had worked out, \"and it's not like me and Ray were actually 'going out' yet\" she said aloud. She checked the clock by her bed - almost 10 o'clock - she had just five hours to make her decision. Ray crawled out of bed with possibly the worst hangover of his life. 'What time is it?' he wondered, 'Actually, scrap that, what day is it?' The calendar and clock on his bedside table helped him out, buy giving both the pieces of information he needed - 10 o'clock on Saturday. \"Coffee\" he said quietly to himself, that was definitely what he needed. He was about to hunt down some clothes when he realised he was still wearing the shirt and trousers he went out in the night before. That was when the events of the previous evening came flooding back, making Ray feel even worse than his over consumption of alcohol had. \"I'm an idiot\" he groaned, pulling himself to his feet and making his way out of his bedroom and stumbling down the stairs to the kitchen. \"Morning, sunbeam\" his mother smiled, \"Ray Neeley, were you drinking last night\" she added, her tone changing from 'happy mother' to 'serious rule enforcer'. \"No, Mom\" he lied, \"I just didn't sleep too well\" She looked at him dubiously, almost certain he was lying, but if his hangover was half as bad as it looked, Mrs Neeley decided that was punishment enough. \"You want some breakfast?\" she asked, and he just nodded slowly as she moved to put some more bread in the toaster. \"By the way\" she said turning back to face him, \"this came for you\" she smiled, passing him an envelope, \"No address, so it must have come by hand\" Ray tore open the envelope, managing to tear the note in half as he did so. \"Oh, sh...\" he started. \"What?!\" his mother asked sternly. \"Shh...sugar\" Ray finished, \"I'll have one sugar in my tea, thanks Mom\" he covered, she rolled her eyes and turned away again as he put the two pieces of paper on the table, pushing them back together, and forced himself to focus on the words written there. 'Ray, Last night didn't go how I'd planned, but I know you are not entirely to blame for what happened. Please meet me later so we can talk. Jefferson Park at three o'clock, I'll be waiting by the fountain, Yours always Jenny' He smiled as he read those words; 'yours always' he liked the sound of that. \"What is it Ray?\" his Mom asked, noticing his grin, \"Something interesting?\" \"No, not really\" he lied, stuffing the note in his pocket. Now he had less than five hours to plan what he was going to say to the girl he thought he might just love. A/N : On to the last chapter...[Chapter 9] A/N : Final chapter... (Disclaimer : see chapter 1) Chapter 9 - The Happy Ending 3:02pm She was two minutes late. Was she coming? Was this some kind of set-up? No, she would never do that to him? Or would she after last night? He wouldn't blame her. Ray's mind rambled on as he waited, by the fountain in Jefferson Park, for his possible future girlfriend to arrive. He was excessively relieved when he saw her approaching, just as beautiful as she had looked when they were dancing together at the party, although possibly not as happy. \"Hi\" he said as she reached him. \"Hi\" she replied, \"So...\" \"I want to apologise\" he interrupted her, \"What happened was really stupid and I'm really sorry, but I would like you to know that I didn't plan it and Alicia did have something to do with it too\" \"I understand that\" Jenny told him, \"and thankyou for the apology\" Silence took over for a few moments until curiosity finally got the better of the girl. \"Is that all you wanted to say to me?\" she asked him. \"Yeah, pretty much\" he admitted \"What did you want to say to me?\" \"Nothing really\" she shrugged, although there were a hundred things she would've liked to have said, she daren't say any of them. \"But you asked me to come here\" Ray looked and sounded confused, \"You must have wanted to say something to me\" \"Me invite you?\" Jenny looked equally baffled, \"You invited me\" she said, pulling a letter from her pocket and showing him. He read what was written there and then, shaking his head, he pulled out his own letter and handed it to Jenny. She took the paper that appeared to have been ripped and then taped back together and was even more confused after she'd read it. \"I don't understand\" she said, \"I didn't write this\" \"And I didn't write this\" Ray told her holding up the letter Jenny had received, \"So who did?\" \"Hold on\" she said, suddenly smiling, \"this is Nicole's handwriting - she set us up!\" \"Are you sure?\" Ray looked surprised as he took the two notes and compared them. They certainly were written in the same style but was it Nicole who had written them? \"Yes\" Jenny was certain, \"When she was helping me with my make over and telling me how to impress you she wrote down what I should do and...\" Jenny stopped abruptly, realising she had just told Ray everything. She blushed a deep red and looked away. \"I can't believe I just told you that\" she said, quietly, but he just smiled. \"Jenny, I already know about it\" he said. She swung around quickly, almost tripping herself up. \"What?!\" \"Chase told me\" he laughed a little, \"a couple of days ago\" \"I'll kill them\" Jenny said, half way between anger and laughter, \"I'll kill both of them for this\" Ray couldn't help but laugh and what his friends had done and Jenny couldn't help but join in. \"They meant well\" he said finally. \"Yes, I suppose they did\" she sighed. \"So, seeing as we're both here...\" Ray started. \"You want to go for a cup of coffee or something?\" Jenny suggested. \"Yeah, that'd be nice\" he smiled. They both turned to walk out of the park towards the road but they had barely moved a few steps when Jenny stopped and turned to face him. \"One more thing before we go\" she said quickly. Ray didn't have time to ask what the thing was because Jenny was kissing him, just like she'd wanted to for so long. He certainly didn't mind and it was a much more special moment than what had happened between himself and Alicia the night before. When they finally broke apart she blushed. \"What was that for\" he breathed. \"What would you say if I said I think I love you?\" she asked, nervously, without looking at him. \"I'd say\" he began, and she finally looked up at him, \"that I think love you too\" As they moved in to kiss again a thought crossed both their minds. On the night of the Centennial Dance, all their friends seemed to have dates - everyone except them was happy, but now everything had turned out right because now everybody had somebody to love. A/N : The end! Please review if you have read this![Chapter 10]  ","Summary":" A/N : Drive Me Crazy is one of my favourite films but there was one thing that always annoys me abo"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"Down, Not Out","Author":"ASiriusAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11326230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay. This is my tenth story. Ten. Can you believe it? I've been around the block! For all readers who aren't accustomed to this particular fandom, but came here 'cause you like me, (I.e. All of my Treklockians from the Shire), thank you so much, for one, but Keep calm and read on. I'm still the cray-cray Kk, and you all know my writing style from Letters (at least, I hope you do.) For those who don't know me, and only came here because you really, really, REALLY like The Fugitive and US Marshals, Sit tight, and please be merciful! This is my first fan fiction into this fandom, and my knowledge on the movies is... Well, it probably could be better, but I think it's OK for this particular fanfic. T. But, honestly, if you are reading this, I would normally expect you to be over 13. (I.e. PG 13 rating. I can't see a seven-year old watching US Marshals. Just saying...) LOTS OF !SPOILERS! And if anyone asks, yes, this is yet another \"Noah survives\" fic. Cut me some slack. I really liked that kid. Okay, I've talked enough. Here we go. Darkness. Darkness and silence. Noah looked up into the inky blackness that seemed to surround him, blanketing him in a strange but potentially welcoming cradle. The soft shadow seemed almost surreal. Something out of a story book. Something like Snow White's poisoned apple, maybe. He felt as though he could almost reach out and touch it. Noah reached out to a cold, misty smoke that seemed to envelop his fingers. Perhaps it wasn't so deep and vast as it looked. It seemed to swirl around him, and only him. Maybe it was something that could be escaped. But he didn't want to escape it. Not yet. But maybe later. Darkness and silence... And pain. There was definitely pain here. The crisp folding shadows seemed to be trying to mask the fire that began in his abdomen and spread throughout his chest and to his arms and legs. Noah winced. He definitely wasn't leaving. Not yet. Maybe later, though. Noah looked around him into the convulsing shadow. He felt like he was falling. Some great distance, as well. Sure, he would still have dreams that he was falling, but never so... Real as this. Suddenly, his back gently touched a surface that reached out to him through the darkness, the frame of a door, to be exact. With an excruciating jolt of pain he remembered where he really was. Honestly, he didn't want to remember. And not later. Not ever. Especially not when a traitorous murderer awaited him. He really didn't want to leave the darkness. Really. Not for Lorali. Not for the team. Not for... Well, maybe for Sam. Not for the rest of the whole world (who could be a real jerk sometimes, too). But then, of course, he really didn't have a choice, did he? Another spearing bolt of fire in his chest woke him fully to his state. His sorry, bloodied state sliding down the doorframe of an old man's apartment, a crimson trail in his wake. Noah involuntarily tipped his head back and his jaw dropped in a silent wail just before the shadows around his vision dissipated. Nope. He really didn't have a choice at all. Meanwhile... Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard looked up in the direction of the gunshot he heard. A gunshot meant one of two things. A., Royce or Newman had found the rouge agent Sheridan and were in a fight; or B., Sheridan had found them first. And please... not the second! The shots continued while Gerard chased the sound. He could only assume that Sheridan was fleeing the scene. His mind began to reel. If Royce shot the gun first, then Sheridan would be dead. If Newman shot the gun, then Sheridan would probably still be running, no offense to Newman or his aim. If Sheridan shot the gun... Well, someone was definitely going to be dead. Because people like Sheridan and Royce didn't miss. No matter what Catherine had said. Please, he thought let it be Royce who shot! Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard opened the door to the apartment with the gunfire only to find exactly what he did not want to see. He was at Newman's side so quickly, he was sure he could hear a sonic boom. Noah's head tilted slightly upwards at him, and the boy's empty eyes shifted towards him with a glazed, pleading stare. Too late, Sam they seemed to announce grimly. Too late. Sad little prologue to start things off. What do you think? Any good? And don't worry, if this didn't cut it as T, the next chapter certainly will. Ok. I admit it. I lied. But most of the things that I was going to adress earlier got bumped back because the computer sort of... Died suddenly. With all of my documents still on it. Isn't it wonderful? Thus, I figured I still had one little chapter's worth of creativity left over for June to make (maybe) a decent opening for a US Marshals fiction. This is something American. And I am far more familiar with USA than UK, so... Only grammar errors to excuse for this fiction! All rights to respective owners. #NoahNewmanLives![Chapter 2] Hey. What do we have here? Two chapters in a single night? I'm impressed. And I'm the writer. If you didn't already get the memo, this fic is primarily US Marshals. There will be a decent tip of the hat to Kimble, but count on mostly just the team, a couple OCs, and a few flashbacks and nods to Ridge (err, that is, RDJ). He did a Peter Pan right off of this dam right here!- T. Mostly violence towards \"puppies\". (I.e., Royce shot my favorite puppy.) I didn't kill my wife!- Not according to storyline. (Obviously... I really don't think that I need to say that anymore.) Kids, stay awake- I do not slash, but, like quite a few of Fugitive/US Marshals fans, Sam and Noah for best Father/Son combo in the fandom would have my vote. So it kinda shows. Beware. Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard opened the door to the apartment with the gunfire only to find exactly what he did not want to see. Newman had turned the whole wall a deep, foreboding scarlet. Sam winced. The thick, warm liquid was spreading steadily across Noah's white T-shirt. Gerard was at the boy's side so quickly, he was sure he could hear a sonic boom. Noah's head tilted slightly upwards at him, and the boy's empty eyes shifted towards him with a glazed, pleading stare. Too late, Sam, they seemed to say grimly. Too late. Sam gritted his teeth. No, Sam put a sharp retort in his own face I'm not going to lose you. Not now. Sam looked at Noah. Somehow, it always seemed that he could read the kid's mind. Not really, of course. They weren't really telepathic. But sometimes you got so close to someone, you almost could read their minds. Noah Newman was pretty much an open book to any stranger who tried hard enough. And Sam learned to read him very quickly. Quite frankly, it was a blessing and a curse. Noah's face became almost unbearable. Sam suddenly couldn't define Noah from his own guilt. Why are you late? I needed you. Why didn't you come? Sam vaguely remembered calling the policemen on the radio. He barely heard Royce's explanation of the incident. His attention was fixated upon the broken body in front of him. \"Don't move, kid... Don't talk, don't move, don't talk.\" Newman's expression quickly changed from shock to pure terror. Sam made the mistake of trying to read him again. Sam, Noah seemed to silently cry, please help me! It hurts so bad! Sam, please help! I'm scared... Dad, I'm scared. It drove all of his sanity away. He fumbled for his radio to call for help for the second time in thirty seconds. \"This is Gerard, I need an ambulance-\" It was a good thing that the police chose that moment to appear, because Sam knew if he didn't leave, he was going to lose it- right on the radio. Gerard pushed himself back into command mode. \"Get your EMT people up here, stat!\" He grabbed a piece of cloth- he really didn't know what it was, and he was quite beyond caring- and packed it onto the wounds. \"Hold this on this kid,\" he told Royce. And if he thought Noah couldn't look more terrified, well, he was wrong. At the mention of Royce tending to him, Noah seemed to go ballistic. Sam Gerard read Noah one last time, and left out the window. He would never forget what he saw on that boy's face. No! Sam, please don't! Don't leave me! Please don't leave me! Dad... Please don't. Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard felt his eyes become moist on the way up the fire escape. From a different point of view... Noah stared blankly up at the ceiling. Where was Sam? He needed to get here. Noah felt a hot, sticky liquid soaking the center of his T-shirt. Aww, man, he tried to make light of the situation, I really liked this shirt. With another bolt of pain came the realization that his shoulder had been hit as well . He winced. Who was he kidding? This was the end-of- line. The final chapter. The last sentence. He started feeling tired. Too much blood loss his body seemed to pout. His vision wasn't much better. And hearing? Noah laughed inwardly at the thought. He had been nearing deafness in his right ear for a long time- coming up on a year. It didn't do much for his job, but nobody knew yet, and that was a plus. Noah began to think. He wouldn't have walked in on Royce if he had known. Or would he have? Probably so. He would have tried to stop Royce anyways. And he would still probably be in the same position. Because Royce really wasn't the type to miss a target. But Gerard probably would be a bit closer. He heard a door. Speaking of Gerard... Noah looked slightly to his left to find Sam coming into his field of vision. He looked up at Gerard. What took you so long, buddy? I've been bleeding here a long time . Sam seemed quite preoccupied. \"Sheridan got a shot off. Newman, he just walked into it. Just walked right into it-\" Noah stopped listening and rolled his eyes... To the best of his ability, for the latter. Yeah, right. He hadn't walked into a fight. He'd walked into an execution . And Royce had shot him. He tried to tell Sam. No sound came out of his mouth. \"Don't move, kid. Don't talk, don't move, don't talk.\" Another searing pain shot though his chest. He couldn't help but disobey Sam's order. Sam, it really hurts. Please help... Dad. I don't wanna die. Noah snapped back into reality. Why did he call Sam 'Dad'? He didn't have a dad. Not since he was six. \"Hold this on this kid.\" Royce took the cloth that Sam had been using to apply pressure. Sam looked at him one last time, and Noah sent one last plea through. Don't leave, Sam! It was Royce all along! Don't leave! I've seen too much! He's going to kill me! Please don't leave... Sam left out the window after Sheridan. Newman's thoughts drifted to a dark corner of unconsciousness as he stared up at Royce who was slowly easing off the pressure so as not to alarm the policemen. Yep. Definitely going to die. Yeah, I know. It's pretty bad for a T. I'm really not sure what to call it. I mean, US Marshals is only rated... What? PG 13? And this wasn't much worse. I don't think. Anyways. Did you think that the first chapter was OK? Please review. And all Fugitive/US Marshals fans... Please be merciful in the review section. Please excuse the grammatical errors. All character rights to Andrew Davis and Stuart Baird.[Chapter 3] Howdy! Well, what'll it be Michael? Regular or Extra Crispy? - T. I don't think I have to reiterate that anymore. He bit one of my kids, he got hit on the head, so what?- Sam and Noah for best father/son. It should be real. Sam Gerard walked up to his room. The day had gone by quickly, and the five... No... six beers that he'd drank earlier that day weren't the best ideas in the whole world, in retrospect. He laid down on his bed, not bothering to take his shoes off. It felt good to lay down safe. Not in a grain hopper with a gun pointed at his head. Yes, it was nice to lay down in his own, safe bed and forget about tomorrow. Admittedly, Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard loved Friday free-days. Gerard looked up at the fan that hung... Somewhat precariously from the ceiling. It needed some tender loving care and a screwdriver. Mostly a screwdriver. Sam didn't know why he kept coming back to this place. He spent more time at the office. But he guessed that it was nice to have a place to call home. If this rickety old shack of a house could be called home. Sam sat up on the bed. He remembered when he had first moved into this house. He was a brand-spanking-new Deputy Marshal of only twenty five with a wife (Catherine Walsh, no less) and overly high hopes to start a family. But then things changed. The miscarriage. Twice. The discovery that they would never be able to have children of their own. The death of his parents and hers. The separation... more of a divorce, really- Sam hadn't wanted to finish things outright, that is, permanently... but Catherine changed her name back, so what could he say? And all of it within five years. By the time Sam became team leader at thirty-four, no one even knew about his past. Sam stood up and walked to the sink in the bathroom. He splashed some cold water on his face. He liked that no one knew. Curious people led to sappy relationships (was 'relationship' even a word for him anymore?), and being a Deputy Marshal meant that Sam had absolutely no time for things like that. Sam had promised himself after the separation that he would never care about anyone ever again. A tear tried to squeeze out of his eye. He stopped it before it could escape. Now that Sam had tried to care about his team, his world was threatening to turn itself upside down again. He walked down to get himself a glass of warm milk. It was almost 2 a.m., probably past time he ought to go to bed. He planted his foot on an exceptionally squeaky stair- the fifth one from the bottom. Sam never understood why he hadn't sold this place in favor of a nice apartment. He pulled out the half- gallon jug and a glass. Maybe it was the memories. The good and the bad, but still memories. But then, why couldn't his memories have been better? All of his memories in this house seemed to be... Disheartening. And another sour memory was added to the bunch today. The microwave chirped what should have been an illegally cheerful note to tell him the milk was finished. He pulled out the warmed milk. Milk. Sam stared at the milk for a long time. He hated himself right now. Newman and... The contents of his glass at this very moment. Noah always said that he had a distaste for alcohol. That was the source of all of the jests and the teasing. On occasion- on very select occasion- Noah might have a beer to celebrate, but he liked a nice coke much better for less formal. To Sam's understanding, harder drinks were out of the question. And everybody knew, especially after that first dreadful Christmas party at Biggs' place, no one living or dead could ever get Noah drunk. Ever. Sam had laughed when Noah drank Biggs under the table for two hundred dollars offered by Cosmo, and lived to tell the tale. The kid had a surprisingly high alcohol tolerance- especially for a non-drinker. But Noah didn't want to test the limit. Cosmo made a few cracks at it, saying that if Noah ever did get into alcohol, he could probably out-drink everyone in the building, and still be sober afterwards. Sam knew the real reason behind Noah's preference. Noah confided in him- a great honor by anyone's standard- once after a party, when Noah was driving both of them home. Sam remembered Noah telling him. He didn't recall much (that was a long time ago, after all) , but he remembered Noah saying that he didn't really like alcohol, and never wanted to be drunk because of what happened to his father. Sam had never pressed Noah for more. One thing was for sure, though- an alcoholic father, and Noah had landed himself in a foster home? The kid had a speckled past. Cosmo Renfro. Bobby Biggs. Savannah Cooper. The names of the team circled around in his Mind's Eye in the present. He really did care about them. And maybe that was his mistake. Don't forget Noah Newman. D on't forget him. Sam sighed. He guessed that it was time to say goodbye to Noah. It would have to get done one of these days. Who was he kidding? Noah had been gone for a whole four days. It was way past time to say goodbye. Even the higher-ups agreed. Noah's replacement was coming in less than a week. Some hot-off-the-press rookie named Ezra McCouliff who was lucky enough to land in Sam's team. Sam remembered reading the file earlier that morning before the press deal with Sheridan. The kid had impressive credentials for being so inexperienced. He was an expert tracker, a by-the-book officer with just a touch of maverick towards superiors, and (according to the file) seemed to enjoy scaling (or attempting to scale) any and every vertical surface that he came into contact with. Sam remembered hurling the file, picture and all, against the far wall. He didn't want to read who would supposedly replace Noah. Because no one would ever replace that boy in their hearts. No matter how hard this new kid Ezra tried, he just would never fill Noah's shoes. Ever. Sam blinked to clear his head. So it was official, Sam decided. He would call... the hospital's morgue tomorrow, and try to start letting things go back to somewhat normal. Normal. Ha. He reached into his pocket. He had swiped the picture of Ezra off of the file earlier that morning. The new kid looked almost a polar opposite of Noah. Noah's eyes were very wide, almost round, while this new boy Ezra had eyes that seemed very angular. Noah had somewhat of a rounded, thin face that came down to a point. Ezra had a broad, cleft chin and a stockier face. While Noah had brown curls, Ezra had very light hair, almost a beige. And contrary to Noah's signature ponytail, Ezra's thick, shaggy hair was cut down to ear length. Sam stuffed the photo back in his pocket. He didn't want to think about how different Noah and Ezra were. He didn't want to think about how experienced or inexperienced this new Deputy Marshal was. Neither appearance nor skill would be able to replace Noah for anyone on the team. Ever. Sam took a sip of his warmed milk, which was only slightly warm by now. He shook his head. The next sound Sam heard was the glass shattering against the side of the sink. He cursed when he slammed his hand down on the counter and received a sharp piece of glass to the hand. A tear slid down his cheek. Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard hated milk. Hi. So, I have this story and another chapter story, and I'm struggling to maintain both at a readable status without running myself ragged. I will probably alternate with publishing, so if you don't see a chapter on this one for awhile, assume that I'm working on my other project, and will try to get back here ASACWA (as soon as creativity will allow) So... If you're wondering who to think of when dealing with Ezra, think about... Hmmm. Well, the closest I could get would probably be a run for my money on Aaron Eckhart. So maybe that would help. But taller and thinner. Much taller. Don't worry, things will only get worse from here. *grins* Please excuse grammatical and... Time Period errors. All rights go to respective owners.[Chapter 4] Hey. I know that it's been way, way too long since I last updated. It's just that I've had to go back over and over the story to make sure that it's OK. Every story must be crafted with excellence. I want to make reading an enjoyable experience. So. Here we are (finally). \"I got your man! I got your man and I'm gonna blow his brains out!\" \"Okay, let's just relax, stay calm- Sam! Help!\"- I do support Sam and Noah for best father/son in the whole series. Beware. \"Hey- why are you yelling at me? Why don't you yell at somebody else sometimes?\" \"BIGGS!\" \"Atta boy, Sam!\"- Cosmo gets the funniest lines in back-and-forth with Sam. just saying. \"He's what? How do you-\" Sam hollered into the phone a few choice words. \"What is it, Sam?\" Savannah turned from her paperwork. \"They lost Noah.\" He held his hand up to stop the chatter. \"Mhmm. Mhmm. Hm.\" \"Well?\" Biggs looked expectantly up at Sam. Cosmo slapped Biggs in the shoulder. \"Shh! He's trying to listen!\" \"Well, kids. Pack up. We're going back to New York.\" A chorus of complaints rose up from the table. \"Come on, Sammy! I just finished unpacking!\" \"Well, then un-unpack, Cosmo. We're leaving ASAP.\" Some time later... \"How do you lose somebody? Tell me. How?\" \"Calm down, Sam. They're trying.\" Cosmo turned back to the receptionist. \"Anyways, how do you lose somebody?\" Sam began pacing around the room. \"Come on- this is a hospital! If this is the level of efficiency that all hospitals have-\" \"Sam, I got something over here.\" Savannah motioned him over. \"Look here.\" Biggs pointed to the clipboard roster that Savannah most likely snatched from a nurse. \"There are thirty five 'John Doe' listings on this roster. Something could have gone wrong and they switched up the listing tags. Noah could be one of these.\" \"Give me that-\" Sam grabbed the clipboard away from Savannah. \"Searching all of these will take a lot of time. Where is this for?\" \"Well, the whole hospital. But look-\" Savannah pointed to a few of them. \"Only ten are in the mortuary... We might start there.\" \"What do you mean 'start'? Noah can't be anywhere else.\" Biggs stood on tiptoe and peered at the roster over Sam's shoulder. \"Well, eight of the John Doe guys are critical condition. If IDs did get mixed up, Noah might be one of them, too.\" Sam gave Biggs his best 'Hinky? Really?' face. He walked over to reception and grabbed Cosmo by the shirt collar. \"Come on, Cosmo.\" He hauled the man away from the desk. \"Wha-ackpth! Choking, choking- SAM!\" Cosmo shook his collar out of Sam's hand. All four of them started walking down the hall. \"Listen, Biggs, I know what that kid meant to you, but honestly.\" They turned a corner. \"Noah was pronounced dead upon arrival here. That isn't going to change.\" Cosmo piped up. \"I don't know, Sammy. There are such things as miracles.\" They made their way to the morgue. There was only one worker there at the time. \"Hey, you.\" The man looked up from his task. \"There's a... Friend of ours here. A John Doe. But we don't know exactly where. Do you think you could check?\" Sam stared the fellow down. The man looked at them in bewilderment. He held their stare for a few seconds. \"That is the strangest thing anyone has asked me to do ever.\" He put down his clipboard, and grabbed another one. \"But let's see if we can find your friend. People around here usually don't up and walk away.\" He chuckled for a second. He coughed. \"Well, now. Do we know the cause of death?\" \"Shock, blood loss- he was shot, if that helps.\" \"Hmm... Well, we don't have anyone here like that. Most of these poor people were natural causes. No gunshot wounds that I know of... And he is here, right?\" \"We already checked twice. Yes. He came here and was pronounced dead. Two gunshot wounds. That's it for identification.\" \"As a matter of fact...\" The man put his clipboard down. \"I heard of a patient who had something like that... Errr... But he's still alive that I know of.\" \"Did you know his name?\" \"Nope. But they did say it was one of those weird 'miracle stories'. He was sent down to the morgue, but they discovered that he was still alive. He wasn't before... But then, I just heard about it. Wasn't here to see it.\" He picked his clipboard up again. Cosmo tapped Sam on the shoulder. \"If anyone would pull something like that on the staff, it's Noah. He could still be alive.\" Sam nodded in agreement, but turned to the worker. \"How do you know all of this, anyhow?\" \"We morgue workers talk a lot between shifts. Some of it's just tales. But we do get some good stories.\" \"Hm. Well, could you tell me where I could get more info on this 'miracle story'?\" \"I'd try some of the nurses. They gossip a lot.\" The team started to go. The man called to them as they left. \"And don't talk to reception! Those jokers don't know anything about anything!\" Cosmo shook his head. \"Okay. Don't talk to reception. Well that's obvious. Don't talk to the people who are supposed to know stuff if you want to know stuff.\" Savannah punched him in the arm. \"Oh, shut up, Cosmo.\" So, I updated the last chapter. It didn't really make any sense when paired with this one, so I changed it a bit. I'm actually not sure how this could happen. Practically, I mean. I enjoy writing for Cosmo. His back and forth with the other characters is hilarious to script up. :) Please review. Please excuse errors. All rights to respective owners.[Chapter 5] Hi. Really quick. I love this story. BUT. I now have beta jobs. And that puts a dampener on things. So... Awkward. \"Your turn to babysit Newman.\" Sam and Noah for father/son. Yes. It should be real. It was just... Dark. There wasn't anything else. No light. No sound. No feeling. Nothing at all. The silence was... Choking. But, unlike the first time he had been thrown into the realm of unconsciousness, this wasn't comforting to Noah. The previous time, it had been a gentle, folding mist that made him feel as though he were walking through the cool dew-laden grass. But this darkness was growing hostile. It was becoming unfriendly, almost ravenous. He felt like it was trying to eat him. Noah missed the outside world. Unconsciousness was nice for awhile, but it seemed like for every second he was there, the darkness seemed to want to keep him. Permanently. The outside world, however dangerous, was simply his home. He wanted to be home. He had to admit. Getting shot at could be fun. Now, getting shot wasn't fun. But even the cramps in your neck after being held hostage had value. You earned them. And as long as you lived to tell the tale, they were well earned. And that was what he lived for. The thrill of the chase. The rush of adrenalin that came with each arrest was better than anything else in the world, in his opinion. Any fear that you had was replaced with exuberance afterwards when you overcame and survived. The excitement and the anticipation followed by the Rush and the sense of fluidity between you and your team. You knew what they would do. You had their backs. And likewise. It was the greatest sense of family that Noah ever had. Maybe that was why Noah loved going out on the field and making arrests. He felt like he had family. He was part of a team. He was needed. A bright light interrupted his thoughts. Per say, it may not have been bright . It was only a speck, after all. But he did earn at least a little grace from a critic. He had been in the inky blackness for... Days on end, he supposed. Any light seemed excruciatingly white. The light seemed to grow in size. It soon encompassed his whole field of vision. Is this it? Am I dead? Noah felt a twinge of pain in his torso. Pale colors began to form at the edge of his vision. Well, good to know I'm not dead yet... HAHA! Gotcha! You thought this was going to be a whole chapter! Haha! TBC...[Chapter 6] Hehe. After last chapter, you'll be wanting an explanation. It just didn't feel right to put these into the same chapter, so I split it into mini-segments. \"Well done, young man.\"- Sam and Noah for best father/son. Noah was at Lorali. Dreaded Lorali. He didn't know how he was here, but he was. His feet were cemented to the ground. He felt like a wax statue, unable to move. And Noah was quite possibly in the worst place he could have imagined. Trapped in the old man's apartment in a staring contest with Royce. Royce had the demonic expression of a man poised to kill. Still, John seemed so relaxed. So... Unconcerned. As if he had killed so many times in his life before, it just didn't phase him anymore. Forcefully removing a man from the face of the earth just wasn't a big deal. Noah stared at the Taurus PT945. It was indeed a beautiful gun. And a powerful gun as well. Both usefulness and elegance in one place. Noah sighed inwardly. Too bad he was staring through the business end of it. The entire apartment was frozen in time. No one moved. No one breathed. They didn't even blink. The young Deputy Marshal braced himself. He knew what was coming. Time resumed in slow motion. Noah heard a shot. He felt the splintering wood of the doorframe behind him. The blood suddenly ran cold in his veins. Noah felt himself fall backwards. He felt his blood turn to liquid fire as he hit the doorframe. His shirt was soaked in what he could only assume was his lifeblood. Noah's eyes closed. Not again! Please! No! Please not again!... Noah's eyes flew open. \"ROYCE!\" He took a breath. The room was fairly dark, the only light source at the other end of the room. He obviously wasn't at Lorali. He wasn't anywhere he knew. His mind shifted to other places. Ooh. I itch. Noah tried to move his left arm to scratch, but something held it back. He turned his head to see why, using up a surprising amount of his energy. His arm looked like a pincushion. Noah's eyes went wide. There were monitors stuck up and down his forearm, not to mention an IV line in the crook of his elbow. His eyes shifted to his torso. Huge bandages covered up almost everything that his button-up shirt didn't. There was yet another tube sticking out from under the bandages. It was piping away a pale red-ish liquid that Noah could only assume was drainage. Not to mention there were another half a million monitors. His vision was still foggy, but he made out a shape on a chair across the room. It was snoring. Only one person he knew snored like that. Noah tried to speak. It didn't turn out too well. \"Thah... Ou..ae..k...Up...\" His mouth felt like he had eaten a bag of cotton balls. Despite being a terrible attempt to make intelligible words, the noise woke the shape on the chair. \"Huh? Oh!\" The shape, now revealed to be Sam Gerard, jumped up and was by the side of the bed in an instant. \"How are you feeling, kid?\" Noah looked up at Sam. \"Ou... A.. Tr...\" Sam stared at Noah in confusion at first. His gaze traveled to the glass. \"Water?\" Noah looked at Sam expectantly. \"Well, as far as I know, a little water won't hurt. I'm not going to give you too much, OK? You've been through a lot and I don't know how well your engine is working.\" Noah watched as Sam dipped a clean cloth into the glass. Noah sipped the water out of the fabric. Sam dipped the cloth in once more. It was enough to allow Noah to speak. Still, it was more in the way of a whisper. \"Thanks, Sam.\" \"You're welcome.\" Sam paused. \"Hold a sec.\" He was out of the room in less than a second. In exchange, the entire rest of the team strolled inside. They were chattering the entire way. \"Hey Hey! The miracle kid lives!\" Biggs gave a broad smile and a hearty laugh.\" \"How are you doing, Noah?\" Cosmo looked genuinely concerned. \"Hi, Noah. It's good to see you awake.\" Noah smiled at them. \"Hi guys,\" he whispered. \"It's good to see you, too. How did you even get in here?\" Biggs chuckled. \"I'm your brother. Savannah and Cosmo are your cousins.\" \"Some family.\" Noah rolled his eyes, which took more energy than he expected. \"And the hospital staff actually fell for that?\" \"Hook, line, and sinker.\" Cosmo looked back out the doorway, seemingly nervous that someone might catch them there. \"Wow... Say, where did Sam go?\" \"The doctors wanted to run some more tests on you once you were awake,\" Savannah explained. \"I guess he figures that there's no time like the present.\" Noah humphed. \"Well, anyways it's nice to know you care... But how did you all get vacation?\" Before someone could answer, Sam came strolling back in, the doctor hot on his tracks. \"Hullo!\" The doctor was a tall, middle aged man with brown hair and paling sideburns. \"And how are you all to-day?\" Noah recoiled slightly. This fellow seemed more than a bit strange. The doctor only smiled. \"I'm Dr. Joshua McClaine. You've been assigned to my care.\" He paused and looked at all of the people in the room. Cosmo awkwardly looked to the ground. He looked like a kid caught with a hand in the cookie jar. The doctor took it in stride. \"If you all don't mind, would you stop off for a few minutes in the cafeteria? I need to run a few tests on your... cousin.\" The entire room seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. Dr. McClaine wouldn't kick them out permanently. The rest of the team filed out. Sam stayed. The doctor turned to Sam. \"Are you his father?\" He stared Sam down. \"Answer truthfully. I need to know.\" \"No... I'm not his father.\" Dr. McClaine made eye contact with Noah. \"Hm... Oh, don't worry. I'm not going to kick him out. I know how much it means to have family visit.\" He picked up the clipboard at the end of the hospital bed. \"You have some good friends, Noah- Is it OK if I call you Noah?\" Said person nodded slightly. \"You have really good friends. Not many people are willing to go to the lengths your friends did to find you. Not many people are willing to get into that much trouble for someone. You must all be close.\" Noah replied in a scratchy voice, \"We are.\" The doctor scribbled something on the clipboard. \"So, you can call me Josh if you want to...\" \"Okay... Josh.\" \"Alright, I need you to do something for me. I'm just going to run a quick test, and it goes much easier if you close your eyes. You know- out of sight, out of mind.\" \"Ok, Josh.\" Noah closed his eyes. \"You have them closed?\" \"M-hmm.\" Noah began to get uneasy after ten seconds of silence. \"Noah, do you know what I'm doing?\" \"Ummm... I've got my eyes closed.\" \"Well, can you tell me exactly what I'm doing?\" \"... You're... talking to me. That's it. Is there something else I should know?\" \"Hmmm...\" Three more seconds of silence. \"OK, you can open your eyes now.\" Noah opened his eyes, afraid of what he would see. The room was completely unchanged. The doctor was scribbling more notes. Noah looked at Sam. Sam's face had turned deathly pale. Sam looked more terrified than Noah had ever seen him in his life. It made Noah uneasy. Dr. McClaine finished writing his notes. He sat down on a stool next to the bed. \"Tell me, Noah, are you ticklish?\" \"Ticklish?\" \"Yeah- are you ticklish?\" \"You've gotta be kidding me... OK... You aren't kidding.\" \"For the tests I need to know if you're ticklish or not- and, if so, where.\" \"Yeah, I'm ticklish. Extremely so. Arms. Sides. Feet... Just about everywhere.\" \"I see.\" The doctor's face fell. \"Is that bad?\" The doctor put his head in his hands. Sam paled even more. \"Doc, I want to know... Listen, I'm a Deputy Marshal. I've seen it all. I can take it.\" \"Good news first, or bad news?\" Noah braced himself. \"The bad news. What's going on with me, doc?\" \"When you were shot, the slug that hit your abdomen caused a lot of damage. We patched you up the best we could...\" \"Cut to the chase; what's up?\" \"The bullet nicked the spinal cord. It wasn't severed- just... Damaged.\" Noah blinked. Sam went to sit down. \"There is a slight possibility that you regain some limited movement in your legs, but with the nerve deterioration... The odds are stacked up pretty high against you. Simply put...\" Noah stared at him. \"I am so sorry, son. You're never going to walk again.\" Why do I do this? Poor guy. I just keep tormenting him. Please review. Please excuse grammatical errors. All rights to respective owners.[Chapter 7] Yay new chapter! \"And a double milk for this kid!\"- Yeah... I think you get it. Disabled? Permanently? Noah looked at McClaine in shock. \"You...\" \"I'm sorry. There isn't really anything that we can do.\" \"You...\" Noah was sure the doctor could see the rising fury in his eyes. \"Look, there's still a slight possibility that some of the nerves could regenerate and you could regain some movement. Knowing your luck, it could happen.\" Noah's temper exploded. \"You... You... I nearly die , and the first thing you tell me after I wake up is that I'll never walk again! I can't believe you!\" Sam got up and walked to the side of the bed. \"Noah, calm-\" \"SAM, STAY OUT OF THIS,\" Noah hissed. \"Just shut up! Everybody, just shut up and get-\" Sudden fear lit his gaze as his breath wouldn't come. McClaine rushed back into surgeon mode. \"Get a nurse... What are you waiting for!?\" Gerard was out and back with two nurses in less than three seconds. \"I think some drainage got in where it isn't supposed to. Prep him.\" The nurses immediately began following instructions. \"What's going on?\" Sam looked at Noah. The young deputy marshal was beginning to panic and thrash against the nurses. \"Can't tell for sure yet...\" McClaine watched the nurses wheel Noah out. \"My best guess is... Something we patched in all of that mess busted when he got all riled up and... he's essentially drowning.\" Sam followed the doctor out of the room. \"I need to drain the fluid out manually, and then find the leaks and put a plug on them. We need to work fast, so if you'll excuse me.\" He began to run down the hallway. Cosmo, Biggs, and Savannah all came running from the direction the doctor went. \"Sam, what's wrong?\" Savannah looked behind her shoulder. \"We saw Noah being wheeled off- he was putting up a fight, too.\" \"Something busted. They need to fix it.\" \"What do we do about it?\" \"I don't think there's much we can do, Cosmo.\" They stood in silence for several seconds. \"Listen, kids, you be here for Noah when we wakes up. I've gotta go meet that newcomer.\" \"Sammy, he's going to want to see you .\" \"Just explain it. He'll understand... On second thought... I think Cosmo should come with me.\" \"ME? Why me?\" \"Because. You've been with this team the longest and it's your turn to babysit.\" He walked away briskly. \"Sam!\" Cosmo gave chase. The next day in the Chicago office... Sam looked around for an unfamiliar face. He silently cursed himself for not bringing the photo of the new fellow. He knew that he had been... Ill tempered, but still. He felt rather stupid. He made his way to his desk. There was no one waiting, so that was a plus. Cosmo was tailing him as he sat down to his desk. \"Cosmo, keep an eye out for anyone who looks new, OK?\" \"What do you mean? Lots of people come and go around here.\" He went to the window and peered though the blinds. \"Kind of like... they look like they belong here, but you don't recognize him.\" He picked up Ezra's file- minus photograph. \"HOLY-\" \"What is it, Cosmo?\" He absentmindedly flipped though the pages. \"Sammy, you need to see this. A giant just crawled out of a cab.\" \"You aren't drunk, are you?\" \"I swear, Sam! He's massive!\" \"And you're five-feet, nine inches. Is that supposed to mean something to me? \"I'm serious! He's gotta be... six foot six!\" Sam rolled his eyes. \"Let me see him.\" He went to the window. \"Woah.\" The giant went into the building through the double doors and out of their line of vision. \"Was I right, or was I right?\" \"You were right, Cosmo. That guy is a giant.\" He added in a whisper, \"And he's probably the replacement, too. He's certainly got the hair and the height.\" \"I told you so.\" \"You meet him at the elevator. OK?\" \"ME? He probably eats people like me for lunch!\" Sam grabbed his collar and hauled him out the door. \"A gross misinterpretation. He's just the replacement. Now go.\" Cosmo muttered all the way to the elevator. He hummed to pass the time. Leave it to Sam to stick him with the new kid. It happened with Noah and Savannah, too. Now, Savannah wasn't per say a new kid, but she was the most unfamiliar face on the team. The doors opened, and before him stood the giant. A very young giant, but a giant nonetheless. \"Hi there.\" \"Uhh... Hi!\" Cosmo laughed nervously. The boy grinned and let out a roar of laughter. \"Yeah, I know. I'm tall.\" \"You most certainly are!\" They held the stare for a few seconds. \"Before the doors close, maybe you could show me to-\" He looked at a piece of paper in his hands. \"Sam Gerard, yeh?\" \"Oh!... Right this way.\" He led the kid through the maze of tables and cubicles.\"You're sure friendly.\" \"It helps with business interviews.\" He looked down to Cosmo with a smile. \"And I'm usually amiable anyways.\" Cosmo knocked on the door. \"Hey, Sammy! Here he is.\" Sam looked up from his newspaper. Ezra was a kid . But he was huge. Or, maybe not huge . Just... Tall. And skinny as skinny could be. Sam opened his mouth, but no words came out. The kid smiled. \"I get that reaction a lot.\" Sam let out a sigh. \"Alright. Err... Back to business. I just need some info for archiving purposes. Bureaucracy stuff.\" Ezra let out a laughing breath. \"Bureaucracy sucks , actually. The politicians need to know exactly who to call on for their every whim, and everything about them, too.\" Cosmo chuckled. \"The kid's just as irreverent as we are.\" \"OK, joking time is over. Really. I need this stuff filled out.\" The boy's face changed immediately to somber. \"Yes sir.\" \"Full name and age.\" Cosmo walked back to his desk. \"Age: 25.\" Sam muttered under his breath, \"Rookie kids. Never get good ones.\" Aloud, he said, \"Name?\" The boy looked uneasy, then, \"Ezra Markmaster Californius Sherringham McCouliff. Sir.\" Sam's pen stopped moving. \"Say that again?\" \"Ezra Markmaster Californius Sherringham McCouliff.\" Sam looked up. \"You're kidding. Look, I'm just calling you Ezra Markmaster McCouliff, OK?\" \"Could you use Californius? Fewer M's that way.\" Ezra gave an embarrassed grin. \"Sure.\" Sam finished writing in Ezra's... Monster of a name, then continued. \"How long have you been with the service?\" \"Sorry?\" Sam put his head in his hands. \"How long have you carried your badge?\" \"Six months, sir.\" \"You really are a rookie.\" He began to write. \"And this is your first assignment?\" \"Umm... No, sir. I went through initials with Christopher Rettaman.\" \"Chris Rettaman? He died, didn't he?\" Ezra's speech became uneasy. \"Yes sir... He... Along with the rest of my team... Were... killed in a bomb explosion almost two months ago.\" Sam looked on with pity as Ezra shuffled his feet. The boy was clearly not ready to speak on that topic freely. \"So you've been a floater ever since?\" \"No, sir. I worked with Nathaniel Price and his team in Indiana for two months.\" \"Nate Price and the Overlanders? I thought they were... Very exclusive.\" \"Nathaniel took over Chris's case. He decided to let me tag along.\" \"Most people in this office would kill for a chance with the Overlanders. You turned it down?\" \"Well, there was a bit of... Trouble. I transferred out.\" \"You turned down a major opportunity, anyhow. But anyone who was ever with the Overlanders is probably good.\" Ezra blushed. \"I heard the same about your team. The MarshalsMen are popular, too. That's why I came here.\" \"I'm flattered.\" Ezra gave a slight smile. \"And...\" Sam stopped writing. \"You're good to go.\" He stood up. \"Welcome to the team.\" They shook hands. The kid turned to go. \"By the way, who is it that I'm... Filling in for?\" \"Noah. Noah Newman. He was a good guy. And a great Marshal.\" \"Well, it seems that I have some work to do.\" Ezra made a little hop and eagerly ran out of the room. Sam sighed and picked up his newspaper. This new kid definitely wasn't going to be another Noah Newman. Speaking of Noah... I need to call Biggs. He reached for the phone. Yes. I know. It was an awful chapter. I need to get back in the groove.[Chapter 8] Hi. I'll make this quick. School isn't easy. Please bear with me as I adjust. What can I say? Mr. Copeland was a bad man. He was going to kill one of my kids... Well you can blame me, sir. I'm the one that shot 'im.- Yep. Sam Gerard does care. I think he likes you.- T today for mentions of drug use and things. Ezra McCouliff peered warily around the corner into the cubicle assigned him. No fake cobwebs. No buckets. Not even a tripwire. He made a sigh of relief. Nothing to worry about. \"Hey, kid.\" He looked across the way to see the fellow that had shown him to Gerard's office. \"Huh?\" \"Hehe. Worried we rigged your cubicle?\" \"Ummm... OK. I'm not going to be ashamed to say it. Yes. First day with the Chris and the Suburbanites, they rigged my first file to go up in flames when I touched it. I'm still a bit wary.\" The man chuckled. \"Haha! Rightly so. My first day on the job, they soaked me with a water bucket. Ah, those were the good old days.\" He extended his hand. \"By the way, I'm Cosmo. We're cube-mates.\" Ezra shook Cosmo's hand. \"Ezra. But you probably knew that already, didn't you?\" He smiled. Cosmo chuckled and sat down at his chair. Ezra gave a laugh. It had been a long day, and he had been on his feet for most of it. He plopped down on his chair- a little too hard, he assumed. The tin on the back of his chair impacted his head with a loud, SPLOORT! \"OI!\" He continued shouting, in Swedish, no less, as he leaped up from his chair. \"Dumma spratt! Det var vispad grädde !\" Cosmo turned his chair around burst into a maniacal fit of laughter at seeing the back of Ezra's head plastered with whipped cream. Ezra whirled around in fury to see the man nearly doubled over in his merriment. Cosmo continued to laugh. \"Gotcha!\" \"Whipped cream? Really? Now I gotta clean all of this off!\" \"Heh. Gotcha.\" Ezra promptly swept his hand over his head, wiping most of the froth away. \"Yuck!\" He tore the tape off of the chair, then tossed both the tape and the pan of cream into the trash bin. Cosmo laughed. \"It's tradition. That whole thing was Noah's idea, actually.\" He burst into fits of laughter between talking. \"Biggs pranked Savannah with salt in the sugar packets, but Noah got to choose the next prank on the new guy... When he was new, I set fire to his pants, but he didn't want to repeat that one. So you got whipped cream. I guess he didn't count on you having almost as much hair as he has.\" Ezra slipped a comb out of his pocket and began to scrape the foam out of his thick blonde hair. \"Nasty. And a waste of perfectly good cream, too.\" He sat down. \"Have fun.\" \"Thanks.\" He rolled his eyes. As Ezra combed the whipped cream out of his hair, he looked around the cubicle. It was fairly simple- just a desk, a computer, a few photos, and a couple knickknacks. He wiped the comb on a tissue, then slipped it back into his pocket. He took a closer look at some of the photos. He picked up one of the framed pictures. It was a man with long curly hair, smiling brightly in a sideways glance at the camera. \"Hey Cosmo,\" Ezra began. \"Yeah? You need help with the computer?\" Cosmo stood up. \"I never understood Noah's obsession with making his computer so hard to-\" He stopped when he saw the new kid holding Noah's picture. He blinked. Ezra looked up at Cosmo over his shoulder. \"Is this Noah?\" Cosmo nodded soberly, all traces of the laughter from a few minutes ago vanished. \"You- err... You don't usually get to see a picture of the person you're replacing. I never got to see Joe Cresham, though I know he meant a lot to the Suburbanites.\" I... I guess you didn't really get a chance to... take all this stuff... but could I have some of it?\" \"That stuff is Noah's. He's going to want it back.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean-\" Cosmo swiped the picture and set it back down on the desk. \"Noah isn't dead. And if I know him, he doesn't have an intention of being so any time soon.\" Twelve hours later... Noah looked up. He was counting how many rectangles were in the pop-ceiling. He knew it was going to be forty, just like it was all of the other one hundred and twenty- seven times he'd counted. He was so bored, it really didn't matter to him if Biggs and Savannah were there to pester him or not. He would like to have at least some company. If it were doctors or nurses- he honestly didn't care. Sure, he was supposed to be sleeping at Nine O'clock at night, but he really couldn't. Of course, if anyone thought it was just the boredom, they had something else coming. He had turned his morphine counter down a few hours earlier. He had been adjusting it down gradually, and now it was almost completely off. Yes, it did hurt. Most people would think he was insane. But he knew what drugs could do to a person. His foster brother Cole had been on heroin and cocaine, among other things, for almost fifteen years until, and probably continuing throughout, his arrest and imprisonment. Cole had almost convinced Noah in favor of substance abuse. Needless to say, Noah was rather cautious when it came to addictive substances. He began counting the ceiling panels again. Just like all of the other one hundred and twenty- eight times he counted. Noah sighed. He was bedridden, bored, and most likely permanently disabled when all he wanted to do more than anything was jump and run. Run away from all of this. But his legs wouldn't move. The muscles wouldn't heed. All because of one bullet. Noah was beginning to wonder if Royce hadn't meant to kill him, but force him to live half a life. Half a life from the waist up. Sure, he could learn to do things with his lower half out of commission. There were obviously programs for the disabled to participate in sports and things. Still, knowing that he would never run or walk or stand on his own again seemed even a tad bit more than daunting. Another set of forty panels. Another minute. Another second. Another moment that he wasn't sleeping. He sighed. What would Sam say? If your thoughts aren't sleeping, think sleepy thoughts! Noah smiled. Sam had a quip for everything. No matter the situation, Sam always had two bits to put in. Yes, sometimes he'd go all off on his tangents, but that was just a part of the quipping. You couldn't stop it. It was like... having a sundae without chocolate syrup. It just wasn't done. Every sundae had chocolate syrup, and you couldn't get out of Sam's tangents unless you wanted him humorless. And no one wanted Sam Gerard humorless. Ever. Noah imagined jumping sheep, complete with a little brown fence. He began to count those instead of the forty ceiling panels. After six thousand sheep, he decided that jumping sheep weren't the best thing for him to thing about. He re-imagined it, with him sitting down on a grassy field counting sheep as they contentedly grazed on the lush, green grass. He imagined counting them and naming them as they casually walked past. He ran out of wakefulness before he ran out of names. Hehe... An interesting one, yes. And yes, I did look up the Swedish words.[Chapter 9] Hi. Yeah. It's been a long time. I know. You're all feeling dejected. Here we go. \"Find out his name, his age, his weight, his social security number, relatives, pets, everything.\"- Sam/Noah= father/son Noah looked at the ceiling panels. Forty panels. Always forty. \"It's never thirty nine! It's never forty one! Why does it always have to be forty?!\" He continued shouting to no one in particular for several seconds more. He sighed. He squirmed as pain shot through his torso. Stupid morphine counter. And why morphine? Why not something that wasn't addictive? Not that there were many options; the injuries were too severe to manage with non-opiates. He sighed again. There were still huge bandages on his chest. There was still an IV line stuck in his arm, not to mention seven monitors. Honestly, why did they need so many of those little sticky things anyhow? They ought to find a way to do it just with two or three. There was still a little clear line poking through the bandages to take drainage away. Same old. Same old. Nothing new ever . Noah blinked to clear his head. He put his hand up to his forehead. Strike that- there was something new. A fever. He had somehow ended up with an infection in the wound- massive as it was, he really couldn't see any way of avoiding it. Dr. McClaine had him on antibiotics, among other things, and Noah wasn't exceedingly worried. He'd survived the initial shooting, after all. Speaking of which... What had happened to Royce? Presumably he had been caught. Still, with Sam you never knew. Both of them had a nasty habit of shooting people. In the fish tank or six feet under; either way, Noah reasoned, Royce was out of their way. He looked around. He hated when he stopped thinking. When he stopped thinking, he didn't have anything else to think about. And that meant boredom. Lots and lots of boredom. He had been used to boredom in the Marshal's office. After all, it isn't every day that a federal prisoner escapes. But not being able to move your legs at all- and not because of a restraint- really got old. He supposed it was a different kind of boredom altogether. A thought popped into his mind. Trisha . What was he going to do about that situation? She was his girlfriend for... Over five years now. Ever since the Kimble case. Actually, she was a Kimble, but nonetheless. He'd known at the time that it wasn't good to be dating a suspect, but in Trisha's case, there really wasn't any avoiding it. The girl had spunk. She wasn't afraid to fight him if she thought he was wrong. And if she realized he was right, then she would be equally as eager to accept it. He liked that about her. He loved that about her. Far too much for her inner and outer beauty to be spoiled by the likes of Randall or Ralph or whatever his name was- he didn't bother to remember that joker's name. He supposed that most people would call it chivalrous, or even old fashioned, but if it was, then chivalry was good. Chivalry was a nice way to let someone know that you were not only a gentleman, but also that you bothered to care. Noah did care. He cared a lot. If he could spare someone from an unknown fate, then he'd do it. He sighed. Maybe that was his flaw, too. He cared a bit too much. He always cared too much. He stared up at the ceiling. With the forty panels. He sighed again. Brother, did this get old fast . Noah glanced at his belongings. What was left of them, anyhow. Cooper had dropped them off earlier, rather unceremoniously, might he add, in a cardboard box. Just his badge, his notebook, his pants, and his belt. No shirt, and they took his handcuffs, too. What could he say? He really liked that shirt he had been wearing at Lorali. And it had ended up as sliced-up shreds in the biohazard dump, soaked in blood. It wasn't as if he would have traded his life for that thing, but still. It was a really nice shirt. Noah looked up at the ceiling. He shifted his shoulders, and it reminded him exactly how much he hated the bandages. They were annoying. It wasn't just that it hurt, either. It itched really, really bad. Worse than insect bites- even worse than the cast he had worn as a fifth-grader when he broke his leg. There was also some sort of yellowish fluid that had coagulated at the edges, making it feel prickly when he moved. He smiled at the nurses as they slowly filed into the room. He took a glance at the clock. He already knew that it was fifteen 'til three. They always changed his bandages at fifteen 'til three. And he hated it. Every time they had to strap him down and hold his arms so he wouldn't hurt himself. It wasn't as if he had a personal vendetta against the nurses- it just hurt. Five minutes of pure misery three times every single day. Of course, he didn't know if it was as bad as the time he earned his stripes, or if it was worse. This was more painful, but it was over quickly. That lasted for hours on end. He still remembered the time he had earned his stripes. How could he forget- he still had the scars on his wrists. The very wrists that the nurses were now grasping and holding to the bedspread. One of them closed the curtain to his room. He sighed, then nodded for the nurses to continue with their duties. Meanwhile, in Chicago... \"Alright, ladies and gentlemen. This,\" Sam Greard produced a picture from a file \"Is our fugitive. His name is Daniel Walker, loose somewhere in Illinois, wanted for a list of offenses as long as the elevator cables... including first degree murder, murder of federal agents, assault, extortion, and a whole list of other things I haven't the patience to name. We are working with the Overlanders to catch this man. They have been tracking him for nearly five months now, which gives them seniority on the case. They will be an authority in all of these matters- if you're talking to them, you're talking to me- Got it?\" The entire room gave a collective nod. Biggs raised his hand to speak. Sam pointed to him. \"Yeah?\" \"Exactly who, in the way of federal agents, did he kill?\" \"Christopher Rettaman, as well as the rest of the Suburbanites, in a bomb explosion. They were chasing an arsonist, but they had actually stumbled upon a rather large part of Walker's network. They didn't expect anything.\" Ezra looked down, regretful, and Sam patted him on the head. \"The Overlanders took up both cases, since they were both dealing with Walker. They've been chasing him ever since.\" Sam paused to see if any one else had questions. When there were none, he continued. \"Alright, let's go get 'im!\" No sooner had he finished speaking than the whole room was abuzz. They soon vacated. Ezra was still sitting in his chair, staring ruefully at the floor. Sam put his hand on Ezra's shoulder. Ezra shuddered violently at his touch. Sam looked on in pity. \"You OK, kid?\" Ezra gave a short sniff, then looked up at Sam. Red tear stains trailed down his cheeks. He looked down again. He gave a nearly inaudible mumble/whisper that Sam didn't quite catch. \"Say what?\" \"I said, 'I should be with them'.\" He said, still barely audible. \"I should be a name on that file.\" He looked up at Sam. Tears now flowed freely down his cheeks. \"You have no idea how close I came to being just a name on his criminal record.\" He looked down again. Sam gripped his shoulders and forced him to make eye contact. \"Listen, kid. We need you here . Right here, right now. We're a team. You can't check out on us.\" Sam paused. \"Were you in the military, kid?\" Ezra steeled his jaw. \"Yes, sir. United States Army.\" \"Then you know that you can't let you buddies hang in the air. You have their backs. And they have your back, too. Don't you remember that, kid?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Good boy. Now,\" Sam sat on the table. \"What happened back there? When Chris died?\" Ezra's icy blue eyes lowered in shame. \"I didn't have their backs.\" \"I don't believe that.\" \"I was stuck in Command when everyone else went into that cursed warehouse!\" His breath caught. \"Chris was worried about me. I had shown a lot of promise in initials, and he didn't want to endanger me if things went south. He stuck me in Command instead of on the field making an arrest... I was so upset... I wanted to be with my team.\" He slammed his fist down on the table. \"I should have been with them! I should have seen the bomb! I should never have let them go into that warehouse in the first place!\" He put his head in his hands. \"You can't blame yourself for every 'should have, could have, didn't'. It was just how things went.\" Ezra's lithe frame trembled. \"Listen, just take it easy for a few minutes. You can stay in here and sort yourself out, and come out afterwards. It'll be fine.\" \"I want to catch him, Sam. I want to catch him so bad. I want to make him pay for what he did to my team.\" Ezra cursed under his breath as he shook. Sam patted him on the shoulder and stood up.\"We all do, son.\" He strode to the double doors. \"We all do.\" Cosmo was waiting outside. \"What was that all about, Sammy? The whole office thinks Ezra is nuts!\" Sam looked over his shoulder. \"Ezra's just suffering from a nice little case of survivor's guilt. He'll pull through, I'm pretty sure.\" \"Well, I've got two pieces of news you don't wanna hear.\" \"Alright, spit it out.\" \"Savannah called. Noah doesn't want Trisha to know he's alive.\" \"What?! Why not?\" \"I don't know, and neither does Savannah. Speculation?\" \"Sure.\" \"Noah's depressed. He faces never walking again, and he doesn't think he's worthy of her anymore.\" Sam gave an offhand profanity. \"Hm. Well, what's the other piece of bad tidings?\" \"Trisha is coming here ... with Dana. Trisha sounded pretty worried, too. Said that Noah hadn't called her. Remember, she barely even knows about the Sheridan case. She only knows what he told her; And that's precious little because he never wanted to worry her, if you remember.\" Sam let out a string of curses, rather loudly as well. A visit from Trisha was truly and undeniably the worst thing that could happen in the current situation. And we have a cliffhanger for the next chapter! !ADVERTISING PLOY AHEAD! So, yes, guilty as charged. BlueEyedAuthor and I have been plotting to bring our two AUs together for quite some time now. You can continue reading just my story, or you could go check out The Other Kimble too (HINT HINT!). And this story might take the back burner for a little while, because all of my Treklockians from the Shire are feeling rather dejected. Please review. Please excuse errors. All rights to respective owners.[Chapter 10] Wow... It's been awhile. I'm so sorry about that- things got really hectic. I have a chapter here, but unfortunately, this particular story had had a bad case of Writer's Block going on. I am also involved in an RP, which might have been a huge mistake, because it takes my time away from fanfiction. \"Don't ever mess with the Big Dog, 'cause the Big Dog is always right !\" \"Sam, where is Noah?\" Trisha had begun speaking just as soon as the elevator doors opened, and she had stormed out. \"Trisha! Wait a second, will you?\" Sam called over the cubicles. \"We are right in the midst of an investigation!\" Dana followed Trisha out of the elevator, and shouted for Sam to answer Trisha's question. In so many words. Ezra edged across the cubicle to Cosmo. \"What's up with that? Who are those two?\" Cosmo shook his head, and stood up. \"Trisha- the brunette- is Noah's girlfriend. Dana- the redhead- is her best friend. They're a literal Pinky and the Brain.\" He shook his head. \"Trisha is the Brain.\" \"Pinky and the Brain? I don't think I follow.\" Cosmo stared at Ezra. \"Animated TV series. Two genetically altered mice, trying to allegedly take over the world.\" The two watched as Trisha strode over to Sam. \"Answer my question! Where is Noah?!\" The senior deputy marshal simply shook his head. \"Trisha, there was an... Incident.\" \"What kind of incident, Sam?\" Trisha bit her lip as he still said nothing. \"Sam, tell me! Where is Noah?!\" Cosmo watched as Sam put on quite the incredible act- the marshal looked genuinely as if he were going to cry. Finally, Sam spoke again. \"Trisha, I'm so sorry. Noah didn't make it out of New York City.\" Trisha simply stared at him, eyes wide and mouth open. Cosmo blinked. Well, it wasn't entirely untrue- Noah WAS still in New York... But it just didn't feel right, the way he was saying it. Trisha sat down on a nearby bench, and shudders wreaked her entire body. After several moments, she managed a whisper. \"How... How did he-\" Sam sighed, and sat down beside her, putting his arm around her shoulders, and holding her closely, like a father. \"John Royce. Bad cop. He was trying to kill an innocent man, but Noah stopped him.\" Trisha seemed almost completely stunned. \"Noah... He footed the bill, instead. This... This John Royce. He killed Noah. When he... Did Noah suffer much?\" Sam sighed again. \"I'd like to think not.\" \"What did Royce do to him?\" Sam hesitated, before Dana crossed her arms and looked on threateningly at him. \"Two .45 cals, one in the torso, one in the shoulder.\" Trisha looked down at the floor, and she continued to shudder. Sam stood up, and helped her to do so. \"Do you want to go somewhere more private?\" Trisha nodded slightly, and Sam helped her into the conference room. Cosmo shook his head, and returned to his desk. Ezra planted his hands down right on the file on Cosmo's desk. \"What is going on?\" He whisper-hissed. \"I thought you said that Noah Newman wasn't killed.\" Cosmo sighed, and put his head in his hands. \"He wasn't. But he doesn't want Trisha to know that he's alive.\" Ezra looked up towards the conference room in disbelief. Still in his whisper-hiss, he exclaimed, \"Does he he have any idea at ALL what that will DO to her?!\" Cosmo brushed Ezra's hands aside, and began working again. \"I'm pretty sure he doesn't.\" Ezra's brow furrowed, and he walked towards the redhead. \"Dana, was it?\" \"Yes, Dana. But I don't know you. What do you want?\" \"Uh... I'm Deputy Marshal McCouliff. I... Ummm... I was just wondering... What can you tell me about Noah Newman?\" Dana stared at him halfway through her eyebrows for a few moments, before giving a slight sigh. \"Noah was... He meant a lot to Trisha. He- he proposed to her the night before the last case! I can't believe he's dead.\" She looked up at him. \"They knew each other for five years. They admitted that they were dating... Maybe a year ago?\" Ezra shook his head. \"Shame what happened. He sounds like he was a good man. Lots of friends here. Good at his job. And engaged... A real shame.\" Dana sighed. \"Kid, you don't know the half of it.\" It was Ezra's turn to look through his eyebrows. Kid ? \"Well,\" Ezra said after a few moments, \"I suppose that I had best get back to work.\" Meanwhile... In all of the time that Samuel Gerard had known Trisha Kimble, he had to admit- he had never seen her cry. Genuinely cry. And yet, here they both were, him simply holding her, and rubbing her back while she made a small salty puddle on his shoulder. It wasn't exactly his forte to be... emotional. Sure, there had been instances where he had to console people who had lost others (mostly like the situation now), but since they were actually marshals, he could basically give them his signature Suck-It-Up Sympathy. It wasn't pretty, but pretty wasn't quite as much a concern. He barely registered a, \"I can't believe he's gone.\", and his own response, \"I know, I know. Nobody ever can.\" In their profession, danger and inconsistency was the only consistency. That was a fact of the life they led, that at any given moment, Atropos could change her mind- very, very quickly. Perhaps that was the irony in it all. That you were so needed and yet also so expendable. There would be a funeral, condolences, your picture would be added to the Wall of the Lost, you would be remembered by all of your teammates for as long as they lived, but the hurt would fade, the cleaning service would wash away all the stains, and work and the world would pretty much keep going- without you. But Noah was one of the lucky ones. The survivor. The miracle. He could watch the world keep going... when it believed him to be no longer a part of it. Not everyone got the luxury of doing that. In fact, most didn't. The painful realization of expendability... and there was still a strange, perverted sense of... Okay-ness, if you could call it that. For those like Sam Gerard who had come to terms with the fact that they were expendable to the world. That was a scary thought, and it was best if you didn't dwell on thoughts like that for too long. Sam Gerard sighed and set his chin lightly on Trisha's head as she continued to sob. Sometime later... Noah looked briefly around the room, and took a heavy, shaking breath. Savannah had lit into him when he had told her about not telling Trisha he was alive. He had never been yelled at so hard in his life. Not by Cosmo, not even by Sam. Because Savannah... well, she was not in favor of his decision. But it was for the best, Noah continued to reassure himself. It was. He knew that it was. Trisha was young and she was strong, and she didn't deserve to be held to him. She was... well, to be quite frank, she was too good for him. Trisha could- she would recover. She would learn to love again, and eventually, she might even forget. She would find a good husband, and have children- something that the doctor McClaine told him he would never be able to give. She would be happy. Much happier than if she stayed with him. He was a deputy marshal , after all. He was used to the loss. He was accustomed to it. Calloused. He could deal with the loss, and the pain, and eventually, he might find happiness someplace, too. Someplace. Was. Was a deputy marshal. He supposed that it wasn't really very practical to continue trying to fool himself. Noah sighed. He had heard of stories about those few who were injured, and never made it back to the office. Unfortunately, and this was one of the beauties of the Life of a LEO, those disabled faced retirement. An early retirement, no matter how appealing it might seem at first, was not what he was looking for. After staying in the hospital for so long, there was nothing more that he wanted to do than get back to his job. And not simply a desk job. He didn't want to be stuck at the office while the rest of his team went out to catch the bad guys. He'd had enough of that... Still, it didn't seem as though he had much of a choice. Noah looked to the side, out the window. John Royce. That was who he could blame for this. All of his pain, his suffering, his misery. John Royce. The dirty cop. The spy. The traitor. Noah sighed heavily. Savannah had told him that Sam had shot Royce when the DSS agent attempted to kill Sheridan for the second time. Single gunshot wound to the chest. Simple. Effective. Just Sam's style. Still, Noah couldn't help but think that there was a conflict to all of this. Sykes, the dirty security officer... Kimble, the innocent man. John Royce the dirty cop... Sheridan, the vindicated one. What ever happened to catching actual bad guys? But the bad guys always seemed closer that you knew. Noah shuddered. He could still almost see those uncaring, empty eyes staring back at him. So quick to act- so quick to judge...The barrel of the gun. One flash...Two. Pain. Lots of pain... Just thinking about it made his shoulder begin hurting again. Maybe that was what made him feel so... Betrayed. He had walked in... Royce had taken one look at him, and that was the end of it. No discussion. No bargaining. No pleading like there was in the movies. The lack of humanness in Royce...Just shoot a man in cold blood. No matter. Close your eyes to their pain and despair as they look up and silently ask you, why?. Disregard their screams, whether audible or not...Detach yourself from their condition. Their fear. Their mortality. Don't worry about the warm crimson pool that spreads across the floor. Someone else will scrub away the stains. I won't say that this is a start of a new trend of posting on this story, because this literally took months to write. But, I hope that it gives you a bit of insight on how Noah feels about Royce, and about his situation in general. And, yes, I am fully aware that this is genuine angst. P.s. Since the last chapter got posted, I have become an Avengers fan. But I somehow still cannot see Iron Man as anyone else but John Royce. *cue sad face* Please excuse errors. Please review. All rights to respective owners. ","Summary":" Okay. This is my tenth story. Ten. Can you believe it? I've been around the block! For all readers "},{"Movie":"Drive Me Crazy","Title":"Is It Over?","Author":"Ronnie3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1709081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 I remember the day like it was yesterday. When in a reality it was six years ago. We were graduating and then going to University. What was really hard was going to different directions. Chase was going to LA and I was going to Boston. I thought we could make it work. How was I wrong. We had perfect summer. We kissed, laughed, talked, made plans for the future. The last night together we made love for the first time. It was beautiful. I dreamed we would last for an eternity. One month later my dreams were crushed. Chase called that he met someone else and that between us it was over. I cried that night for two reasons. The \"love of my life\" broke up with me and I was pregnant. I knew I couldn[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 You know the phraze \"La vida es dolor\"? That is how I feel in this moment. I am at their wedding, sitting in front row beside my mom with glued I-am-so-happy-for-you smile. Yet in my heart I cry so much. I have this Something-bad.is-going-to-happen feeling in mu gut. I thought it is somehow connected to Chase's wedding, but now I fear not. I turn my head with others as music starts play. Dulci and her father slowly heads towards Chase, who is standing by the alter. Chase tried to talk to me, but I only said congratulations. I don't know why they even invited me. Must be our relationship through our parents. I know I wouldn't like to have my ex on my own wedding. Dulci's dad gives her hand to Chase. They starts to say their speech, when my cell starts ringing. I take it although many people look at me like I am the worst filth im the world for interupting the wedding. I listen and with every other word my hand trembles more. Then the person hangs up. My eyes fills up with tears and I have to leave. Have to go where I am needed. I stand up, turn and run out of church with tears streaming down my face. I don't hear someone coming after me and asking what is wrong until he grabs me by my shoulder and turns around. I can't believe who it is.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Chase's POV When I think what I did wrong in my past, I can answr right away. Breakingnup with Nicole. She was my ONE. Now I am marrying someone else. I haven't seen Nicole in six years. After the break up through phone. I letnher go because I was coward. I couldn't bear it if she was the first one tonleave me. I didn't have faith in the making-it-through thing. To make it easier and to forget I started to fool around. I went from onengirl to another. Until I ended up with Dulci again. That happened threenyears ago. She became „my rock\". I gave her all of my heart thet I could.nShe thinks I love her more than Nicole, but only I know the truth. She isnreplacemant. She can't compare to Nicole, but I love her in the way younlove a very dear friend. I know we can be happpy or so I thought. My bubble was crashed by reality while confronted with Nicole. She came tonmy wedding. She CAME and sits in front row. I tried to talk to her, but shenonly said ‚Congatrs' and went off to sit. I look at her and in my mind Inremember the first time we met as children, how we grew up and then ... Incan't shake off feelings of wondering and jealousy. Is she with someone? Ifnshe is then why isn't he here? My thoughts are interupted as a music starts to play. Dulci and her fathernare coming towards to me. We are saying the words when cell rings. Everyone turns to look at thenguilty one. I see Nicole. She pales and then without any words looks at usnwith eyes filled with tears, turns and runs out very quickly out of thenchapel. I want to follow her. *n* Thanks to : SVU-Watcher14, klfduchess, Rachel, Lastarr, Sweet-Oklahoma,nDCFanatic4890, Elfin Princess Prue for your reviews.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Nicole's POV I shouldn't be really surprised that I saw him. He always had thing fornsaving the damsel in the distress. He looked older than I remembered him,nbut hey I didn't see him for six years. „Hello Nicole.\"he says. I have to smile, evn though my face is wet from tears and my eyes are rednfrom crying. „Hi. Long time since we saw each other, isn't it?\"I can't help to say. „What happened? he asked. Always directly to the point. Not beating aroundnthe bushes. „I have to leave. I have to go to hospital.\"I replied. I din't want anyonento know the truth. Then I would have to tell them about Marianne. That'snsomething I want to keep as a secret. „You can trust me Nicole.\"he says. Itš like he knows what I'm thinking. „Inwill take you.\"and I know I can't say no. He left no room for me to backnout. It wasn't an offer, but statement. „OK, but you can't say where I am going. Understand?\"I replied, too with anstatement. Two could play this game. He nods and turns around. „Where are you going?\"I ask, feeling a little stupid. „I am just going to say goodbye and that I will return to the party.\"henanswers and gives me a smile. I return it and wonder how could I let mynwalls go down and let someone from my past get through.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The Person's POV She looked beautiful as ever. I couldn't forget even after that long time.nI was in love with her, how could I not be? She never knew and I never toldnher. I wished for her to be happy and I knew that I wasn't the one to makenher. When I saw her again today, some of my feelings resurfaced. I'll alwaysnlove her as my first love, but thank god I moved on. I found girl, who isnthe ONE for me. I love her with every fiber of my heart. Cheesy, isn't it? I wanted to talk to her, but her whole pose screamed I-do-not-want-to-talk-nto-anyone. I decided to catch up with her later after the wedding. Insettled to watching her and trying to read her body language. I din't learnnanything. Deep in thoughts I almost missed Chase and Dulci exchanging their vows ornthe cell phone ringing. I watched as Nicole took it, hoe she paled andnstarted crying. And the tne running out. So I did the only thing I couldnthink of. Ran after her. I approached her asking what was wrong. She answered truthfully, yet notnwillingly. Telling me only things that didn't reveal too much. Still Indecided to help her. And after she smiled at me I knew I did the rightnthing. I just hope everything will be fine for her and nothing really badnhappens.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Chase's POV I couldn't believe it. He ran after her. How could he? Does he still lovenher? After all this time? How can it be? As I was ooking at the door which they both went outside someone tugs mynsleeve. I turn around to see Dulci expectingly nodding towards the priest.nI want to ask what is going on when I realize I should probably say the I-ndo-thing. But why can't I get it out of my throat? I prepare to open mynmouth and say it when he comes back. Without her. He is saying something to my dad and dad just nods with head to agree. Inwant to know what the hell is going on. Before someone can stop me I go tonthem. I hear Dulci calling my name, but I ignore her. I need to know. When I get to them they stop talking. I look at them in resolve face I-want-nthe-truth. They look at eachother and thenhe says it. „Look Chase, I was just teling your father that I have to leave, but I willnbe back for the party.\"he explains. „Why are you leaving? Is it Nicole? Are you with her?\"Do I really soundnthat jealous as it seems to me? I think it does when I feel the slap acrossnmy face. Dulci. I'm in trouble. „You bastard. You're marrying me and you're jealous over your ex? So whatnif she has someone else! That's not your problem!\"she yells and everyonenis looking at me. How will I talk myself out of it? Damn. How do I always get into thesenfucking situations?[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 – Dulci's POV I can't belive him. I was so happy today. I was finally marrying him afternall this time. He was my only love. I might broke up with him, yet I wasn'tnprepared to let him go. I broke up with him for trivial reason as it seems to me now. When henstarted dating Nicole he changed. He became NORMAL. He suddenly had newnfriends, new hobbies, new life. Which didn't include me. I felt cut off. I thought Nicole was just revenge. To make me jealous and to make me comenback. It hurt so much to find out that he was in love with her, not me. Indid the only thing girl could do, I cried. A lot. When they went to different universities I followed Chase. I aplied to samenschool hoping to be with him. Then they broke up. I was there for him, butnwe didn't get together yet. It took me three years to get him. It wasn'tneasy, but I can be patient when I need to. After he came back I did all things I could think of to tie him to me. Wenhad steady relationship and he purposed as I had planed. Of coarse I saidnyes. I started planing my wedding. Allthe stuff that had to be done. And I hadnto invite Nicole cos she is FAMILY. I hated the day I had to send theninvitation. I hoped she wouldn't come. She did. And I knew. When I saw him looking at her I had an epiphany. I may be thenone he is marrying, but she is the one he is in love with. It hurts like anhell. It's riping me apart. But the last thing that made me really was hownhe interupted our vows to go to talk his dad. I had to know why. And when Inknew I wish I hadn't. I expressed my anger, sorrow, dispear and disappointment only way I knew. Inslapped him and am waiting for explanation.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 – Nicole's POV I felt like a tiger trapped in a cage. Ray was gone over five minutes. Itnshouldn't take that much time. I really need to go. I felt like the world was ending when Chase left me and then when I got thenINVITATION to his wedding. But now? I feel like the whole universe isncrashing right on me. Everything in my life gets a new meaning. The thing with Chase seems almostntrivial. Suddenly I get much more important things to worry about. I'm annemotional wreck. What is taking him so long? He wouldn't betray my trust and say somethingnto mum or Chase's dad (or should I call him my dad too?). I look at a watchnagain. Should I or shouldn't I? That is question. I should. I decided to start slowly go back to the church and wait for him outside.nHe knows it's urgent to get there. I can't even say the name of it. I can't think straight. I just need to know that they are okay. That it isnnothing as horrible as I imagime it is. I can't lose one or another ofnthem. They are the most important people in the world to me. Where the hellnare you Ray? Can't you see I am losing my mind? As if he heard my thoughts he walked out of the church. But 'my mind alarm'nis off. Someone is behind him. Someone I'd rather not see. The one whonshouldn't be here. Chase.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 – Chase'snPOV I am a coward. I knownit. Dulci knows it. Evyryone knows it. I should try tonexplain. I really should. But when I looked at her I knew I wouldntake the easier way out of it and not saying reason why I am notnstanding at the alter and kissing her as my wife right now. In high school Inthought of myself as a rebel, someone who had so much courage that hendidn't mind being sent to headmaster every day and being punishednfor my ‚rebelation'. But she knew it was all an act. I was happynwhen I didn't have to pretend. And my ‚rebel look' was an actnput up for Dulci. When I was with her shenmade me normal and it was fine. I didn't have to pretend. I wasnmyself and yet I managed to be ‚popular'. With her just a drivenin car was an experiance. And now I am ready tonface the problem of my inner self. I can't live without her. And itntook me being here to getting it. But how do you explain this to yournfianceé. The one who is not the person you are in love with. I stared at her. Andncought the sight of Ray leaving the church. And I knew. If I din'tnact I would be unhappy for the rest of my life. I could marry Dulcinor I could follow my heart. Do you have to ask which way I will go. I gave her last glancenand I think she got the message I never knew it was giving. She gavenme weak smile. I turned and made anqiuck dash after Ray so I could meet Nicole with him. I need to knownthat she is okay. That she will forgive me for all the pain I causednher. That we will be together again as it should be from thenbeginning. I approached her. Intook in her shocked expression. I breath her sight in. She isnperfect. She is Nicole. For people who write menreviews : Thank you so much that you are still reading it. I hopenthat you will like this chapter. P.S. Do you know wherencould be found any musicvideos of Nicole and Chase?[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 – NIcole'snPOV What will I do? Whatnwill I tell him? What ... ? How do you tell someonenthat you have a child together? That the said child , which he by thenway doesn't know, was in an accident with its gradpa and is in anhospital. I don't know hownbadly she is injured or how my dad is. All that was said to me –n‚There was an accident. Your child is injured. Come to HospitalnSt.Mary. (She lived in the town so she must know where it is, okay?) And I know he wants annexplanation. His eyes tell me so. My unsure eyes travelnbehind Chase. I glance at Ray and he offers me a small smile and fornthe first time I think maybe everything will be okay. Marianne willnbe fine. And maybe ... maybenit's time. It's time she gets tonknow her father and he her. I start to feel thentears falling from my eyes again and I lower my head. I can't facenthem when I whisper the sentence which will change Chase's wholenlife. And I can't stand the thought that he may start hating me fornkeeping the knowledge of my ... his ... OUR daugher from him. My words are hard toncatch by ears when I whisper : „It's my daughter. She had annaccident.\" Ma gaze settles onnChase and I wait for some reaction. I can only see shock. ° ° ° ° A/N: Okay I did it.nAnother chapter for you and I made a musicvideo about Chase/Nicolenrelationship. If anyone wants it, I can mail it. Ronnie[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 – Ray'snPOV I stand aside of allnthings. I watch them happen and I wish I was the main character, anhero that has a destiny to fulfill. You have a wish.nSometimes it happens to you in reality and you find yourselfnrealizing that ii isn't what you want anymore. When I see the pain andnsadness that envelopes Nicole I wish I could be the one to take itnall away. But it isn't meant to be. I have a feeling thatnChase doesn't get the daughter thing as much as I do. She may not say how oldnshe is or who her father is. Its the way she talksnabout her. The tone of her voice tells me everything. Chase must bendad of Nicole's daughter. I can't imagine hownwill Chase react. I hope he will notndestroy what the fate prepared for him in a future – a new chancenwith Nicole and their child.[Chapter 12] Chaptern12 – Chase's POV I stand and stare atnher. Her words are repeating in my mind like a song you can't getnout of your head. Daughter. She has a child. Who is father? Is he innthe picture? I try to say something.nI open my mouth but no words are coming out. There isn't anythingnthat I can say to make things better. I do only thing I cannthink of. I open my arms and offer its comfort. It is up to her ifnshe accepts it or not. Time is passing slowly as I wait on hernunspoken decision. I pray for a quick answer. She looks alittlensurprised. And then she does it. She takes a step towards me. I finally have her innmy arms after six long years of longing. I should be ashamed ofnfeeling this way because of the situation she is in now but I can't. I know for sure that Incan't continue living a lie. I can't continue on with Dulcy whennmy one is here and if there is even a slim chance that she will takenme back I have to try. I will do anything to get her back. And thenfirst step on the long way is helping her right now when her child isnin hospital. I wish her child wasnmine.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 – Dulci's POV Did you ever have this feeling that you're at the right place at the most worst moment? I have this feeling right now. He just left me there standing. Everything I knew and had crumbled at one life-changing action. Right now I know how he felt the time I left him in the high school but my heartbreak is more hurtful than it would have been if he left me let say one week ago. I would not know the reason. Oh I would ask, cry, beg. But the only thing I would be left to do is guessing the why. But his action in this moment reveals it to everyone who knows theirs, ours history together. They will understand it. That I am not who I am supposed to be. The wife to be. But only a something to fill the blank place in his life and occupy his time. And I have to wonder. Did he ever love me? Or was everything we had a sand castle that will crumble as a first \"Nicole wind\" appears in our life? I'm sorry that I did not write for so long but I was very busy with my uni enterance exams wich I have to say that I passed with flying colours. And I want to say thanks to everybody who reads this piece. Thanks.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 – Mr.Maris' POV Waiting for information is not easy. The what-ifs and the possibilities of what could go wrong with her was making him very anxious. Waiting for his daughter was very difficult too. There was no way to predict how she would behave when she gets to the hospital. Would it damage their relationship? Would she blame him for the accident? Well she could not make him feel more guilty than he already felt. He should be more careful with his granddaughter. Maybe then she would run after the dog to the street where the car crashed into her. He saw the doctor walking towards him from one side of the hall and his daughter with Chase from the other. He really wanted to be anywhere but here for many reason. He looked at the doctor and then his eyes turned towards his daughter. One of them had a hopeful look on face. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 I remember the day like it was yesterday. When in a reality it was six years ago. We were"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"Pastrami on Rye","Author":"ChandaK562","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1467025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Whoever claimed Mondays were a nightmare had obviously never experienced this particular late winter Friday in the bustling city of Chicago. The weather was cold, there was slush on the ground and those were just two ofrthe minor details that were making the day a disaster. Sam Gerard silently cursed to himself as he crept through the shadows of the buildings around the Navy Pier looking for any sign of the man he was after. For him, so far, the day seemed to be going better than most days. After all, usually he had to do much more to track down a fugitive than to gorout to pick up his lunch at the local deli. The convicted bank robber had practically fallen right into his lap, the only reason he hadn't was due to the fact he had jumped out of the way when the guy slipped on the piece of pastrami. Unfortunately, he had managed to right himself and get out therdoor before Sam had been able to get his hands on him in the press of the deli making a chase necessary. His team was still en route from the office but he was confident that the local cops he had rounded up for assistance would be more than enough to bring this guy down. Now if he could just findrhim. Meanwhile, Jon Parker was crouched in a corner, silently cursing as well, in his case cursing the twists of fate that had led him to this place. Okay, so maybe he had gone to the bank and made a couple of minor little unauthorized withdrawals. Was that really something for all of these people to get so upset about? It wasn't like the people that the money actually belonged to were using it, after all. He was just redistributing wealth, a kind of modern day Robin Hood. Only instead of giving to the poor, he gave to him self, something he justified due to the fact he had been poor all his life. He deserved a break. And he had been doing so well too ever since that minor little incident in which he had come to a parting of the ways with the cops assigned to escort him to his new accomodations in the federal penitentiary. Go to a place where he had no ties, lay low, wait until the heat blow over. The perfectrplan and he was doing great with it. He even occasionally watched the news in his rented room and chuckled at the leads the cops were pursuing. They would never have found him. If only he hadn't gone for that sandwich, if only he had gotten into the other line. His mother had always said that he hadrthe worst luck of anyone she had ever known and she was surely right. After all, what but bad luck could have led him to get into line behind Sam Gerard, the most implaciable US Marshal in the history of the organization when it came to hunting fugitives down. And then when her tried to sneak out, he hadrslipped and landed practically on top of the guy. That pretty much cinched things and he had fled with the marshal in chase. Jon shook his head as he cautiously glanced out, seeing Sam approaching, gun drawn. The man had to be some sort of fugitive chasing robot. He hadn't even bothered to grab his lunch before heading after him and it must be ice cold by now. He looked down at the water and then at the length of pipe in his hand, debating which would be best, jump in or try to get out of this mess somehow. Suddenly a voice sounded out, making his decision for him. \"US Marshal Sam Gerard, you're under arrest, Parker!\" Sam called as he cautiously inched forward. He had sensed motion in the area somewhere. We can do this the easy way or we can do it the hard way!\" He spun as something, a blur, suddenly launched at him from the right, two sharp cracks filling the area, one as his gun went off, slamming into Parker's shoulder, the other as the pipe made contact with his head, stunning him andrsending him reeling back, crashing into the water with a loud splash. The fugitive stood there in a daze, clutching his shoulder with one hand as he stared down, not quite believing what he was seeing. It couldn't be. Had mousy little Jon Parker actually managed to take out Sam Gerard, the marshal no fugitive was safe from? Just then he heard running footsteps and quickly started to shuffle away. He would have time to think more about this once he got himself out of this mess. And maybe found a doctor.[Chapter 2] Ryan Laverdy was shaking inside as he scanned the area he thought the shots had come from again. This really couldn't be happening. His first week on the street and he had been thrilled to take part in the pursuit of an actual federal fugitive, a pursuit led by no less than Sam Gerard, a legend if ever there was one in law enforcement. Only now was not only the fugitive missing but so was the marshal. Ryan didn't know what he was going to do. His father and his father's father before him had been cops and none of THEM had ever managed to loose a US marshal! \"I found something,\" another of the officers, Pete Something or the other called, motioning Ryan over. All of the cops on the scene were pretty new, with Ryan having seniority by two days. He glanced down at what the young red haired man was pointing to, a gun that was behind a stack of boxes. \"You think it's the fugitive's?\" Pete asked anxiously. He had never been in an actual situation involving weapons before and he was seriously on edge. \"Looks like the marshal's to me,\" Ryan said as he shook his head. Where was that man anyway? He wanted to be able to prove himself, to show his superiors what he was capable of, but he wasn't stupid. No way was he ready to handle a manhunt for a federal fugitive on his own. He glaced at the gun again. It didn't look like it had been dropped or hidden behind the boxes. He glanced across the area, his eyes finally coming to rest on the water. \"Hey, has anyone checked the water yet?\" That question promptly caused two of the young detectives to look down and spot Sam Gerard floating face down in the water. Ryan almost paniced as the men jumped in, floundering around so badly that he thought they were more likely to drown the marshal if he wasn't already drowned than to save him. Oh, this was very very bad. Loosing a US marshal was bad enough but lost implied hope that they might turn up again and things could work out. Having one drown on your watch though..... \"Get EMS down here now!\" he yelled at Pete as Sam was finally manhandled back onto the pier. He knelt beside him, rolling the man onto his back feeling as if he would faint at any moment. He really hadn't done very well in those medical training classes and this didn't look good at all. Bluish tinge to the skin, blood all over his head.... Ryan frantically fumbled for a pulse not even half sure he actually remembered where to look for one. Just then, Sam gasped and started to cough and choke up the lake water he had inhaled. Another cop arrived with blankets and the group quickly covered Sam, turning him onto his side to help him breathe when suddenly his eyes blinked open, scanning the area quickly and cooly for the fugitive even as he begin to involuntarily shiver. Sam started to say something that rapidly turned into a choking cough when he didn't see the man safely in custody. What were these people doing not going after him? And where was his team? This was the most disorganized..... \"Sir, just lay still, okay?\" Ryan said. \"We've got an ambulance on the way.\" Ambulance? He didn't need an ambulance. What he needed was for this kid to get on the ball and get his fugitive. Sam started to pull himself into a sitting position to tell him exactly this but pain shopt through his head and he weakly collapsed, the shivering growing more violent with the movement. \"The fugtive,\" he muttered, bitting his lip a bit to keep from stuttering. He wasn't going to let these kids here him stuttering. \"Get the fugitive!\" Then with another wet cough, he was unconscious again. \"You heard him,\" Ryan said. He couldn't manage this himself, of course, but surely he could get the guys organized into some sort of team and try to follow the marshal's orders. He motioned towards both ends of the pier. Two of you go that way and two go the other. Keep an eye out for anything suspicious. Pete, go watch for the ambulance and get them back here as quick as you can.\"[Chapter 3] The first thing the team of marshals noticed when they arrived on the scene at the Navy Pier was the chaos, bunches of young cops running everywhere like a hoard of kids out of school on a field trip poking into every possible nook and crany. \"Sam isn't going to like this,\" Cosmo muttered as the team headed towards the cop who seemed to be at least marginally trying to direct things into a bit less chaotic pattern. Come to think of it, where was Sam? Considering the seeming quality of the cops on the scene, he wouldn't be surprised to hear that he had ditched them and taken off on his own. \"Marshal Renfo,\" Cosmo said, about all he could get out before the young cop turned from trying to convince his fellow officer that the fugitive couldn't possibly fit into the trash can outside of McDonalds and let out a relieved sigh at the sight of the marshals. \"Thank goodness you finally got here,\" Ryan said knowing he shouldn't be acting like he needed someone to telling him how to do everything and at the same time realizing that for this he pretty much did. \"I've been trying to organize a search per Marshal Gerard's instructions but we haven't found any trace of the fugitive yet. I'm sure you'll be wanting to take over the situation now.\" Oh please let them want to take over the situation! He sure couldn't handle it! \"Where is Marshal Gerard?\" Cosmo asked. \"The emergency room,\" Ryan said kind of relucantly. He was very sure that his father and his grandfather hadn't had a US marshal end up in the hospital on their watch the first week on the job. \"What? What happened?\" Biggs demanded, Cooper and Cosmo both suddenly looking very nervous as well. The team still wasn't over what had happened with Noah yet. If something had happened to Sam now..... \"He somehow ended up in the lake,\" Ryan said, hastening to reassure them when he noted their worried expressions. \"The paramedics said that it just looked like a mild concussion though and slight hypothermia.\" \"The lake,\" Cooper muttered shaking her head in relief. \"Leave it to Sam to fall into the lake.\" \"Least it wasn't a river this time,\" Cosmo chuckled. \"You know, maybe we ought to all chip in, give him a life jacket for his next birthday since he seems to like the water so much.\" The light laughter only stopped when they noticed the young cop looking at them oddly. \"Sam has this thing,\" Biggs said in explaination. \"Seems like every time he's got a fugitive, he somehow ends up in water. Was always a river before now though. Lake must have been a nice change of pace for him.\" Cosmo shook his head again, fighting down another chuckle before speaking. It felt really good to laugh on a chase for a change instead of the worry that had been there since Noah..... He firmly turned his mind from that subject, knowing it did no good to go there. \"So, what do you have on the fugitive?\" \"No much,\" Ryan said with a shrug. \"Apparently Marshal Gerard chased him into the area back there and it looks like there was some sort of altercation. We heard a shot fired as we were approaching and we found Marshal Gerard in the water. No sign of the fugitive.\" \"Is the fugitive armed?\" Cooper asked. \"We don't have any indication he is. Looks like the shot we heard came from Marshal Gerard's weapon. We also found some blood droplets that make it appear that the fugitive might have been wounded when he fled.\" \"Okay, good,\" Cosmo said as he motioned for the cop to come and look as he pulled out a map. If the guy was wounded, that would make it that much easier to catch him. \"I want three teams, one at each end of the pier sweeping inwards and one at enterance sweeping out.\" Sam would kill them if they left the scene before getting a proper search going to pick him up at the hospital. He just hoped he didn't drive everyone crazy before then. The Navy Pier was big and it was going to take a long time to search it, especially with the cops that had on hand for support.[Chapter 4] \"Sam is not going to be happy about this when he hears,\" Cooper said as the trio of Marshals hurried towards the entrance of the emergency room. They had just spent the last several hours engaged in the hunt for the missing bank robber with no success. It seemed as if the guy had vanished into thin air or something. Then of course they had had to take time out to swing by Sam's to get dry clothes for him. Wet marshals were generally even grumpier than usual. \"I know Sam's not going to be happy. That's why we called Catherine to meet us here, remember?\" Cosmo said. If necessary their boss could get the undoubably cranky marshal off their backs for awhile. He just hoped the cops didn't goof up the search grid that they were supposed to be working too much while one of the team wasn't there to ride herd. Those guys were so green they weren't even fit to be off their trees yet! \"I just hope Sam hasn't terrorized the staff too much,\" Biggs said with a chuckle. \"You know, I'm surprised he didn't just go ahead and check himself out to get back to the search. Either that or annoy them so much they threw him out.\" Just then the three marshals' banter was stopped as Catherine Walsh approached. \"Tell me you found Parker,\" she said to them. If that fugitive wasn't safely in custody, they all knew the problem they were going to have getting Sam to go home and rest. He never stopped until he got his man. \"Cops are still looking but he wasn't anywhere on the pier,\" Cosmo said apologetically as the group entered the emergency room and headed for the admissions desk. \"We're heading back there to figure out our next move as soon as we get Sammy tucked in at home.\" \"I can probably threaten him with a transfer to the nearest McDonalds for burger flipping duty if he isn't okay with that,\" Catherine said. Sam's tenacity made him one of her best marshals but it could also cause problems when he pushed himself too hard. \"Hi,\" Cosmo said to the nurse on duty at the desk. \"We're here to take Sam Gerard off your hands. Hope he hasn't bugged you too much.\" Suddenly, a man appeared behind them, clad in a white lab coat with a strange expression in his eyes. \"You're here about that marshal? He was DOA. They've got him on ice down in the morgue.\"[Chapter 5] \"What?!\" Cosmo demanded as soon as the doctor's words sank in. \"What do you mean he's dead? Sammy just had a bump on the head and got a little cold! Man's head's as thick as a rock! No way he's dead! Get back there and check your records again! You've got the wrong guy!\" \"You have the wrong person. Definately have the wrong person. It's not Sam, definately not Sam,\" Cooper murmured fighting back tears that were threatening to fall. Sam had had way worse happen to him than this, no way could something so minor kill him. The man was as tough as nails. It had to be another Sam Gerard or another marshal that the doctor had somehow got mixed up with Sam. That must have been what happened, some other marshal had died and the doctor somehow thought that it was Sam. \"I talked to the police on the scene myself,\" Catherine said, barely controlled anger in her voice as she glared at the doctor. What did he think he was trying to do? \"They assured me that Sam's injuries were minor at best! He was awake and giving them orders at one point! Get back there and check your records again! you've got the wrong person and don't think I won't be filing a complaint with your superior over this!\" After what they had gone through with loosing Noah, the last thing they needed was some idiot mistakenly trying to make them think Sam was gone as well. \"Think what you want but the man's in the morgue,\" the doctor said in a very unconcerned tone for someone who was facing four very angry US Marshals. \"Go down to the morgue and take a look for yourselves if you don't believe me.\" The man turned and walked away from them, coming back a moment later with a bag that he thrust into Catherine's hands. \"Oh, here are his things. Might as well take them wih you. We don't need them taking up space up here.\" \"Let's just go find Sam,\" Cosmo muttered to Catherine, stopping her from heading after the doctor. He wanted to go himself but finding Sammy was way more important. He turned towards Cooper and Biggs, both who were shaking their heads in disbelief. \"Go see how the search is going. Cath and I are going to go and find Sam and you know how he'll take it if they don't have that fugitive in custody by now.\" Biggs and Cooper nodded silently, and headed out. \"The morgue. We'll check the morgue first. If we can find out who that idiot mixed Sam up with, maybe they can find out where Sam actually is,\" Catherine said as the two exited the ER and headed for the elevators. A few minutes later they stepped off of the elevator into the cool environs of the morgue. An attendant immediately hurried up as soon as they entered. \"May I help you?\" he asked. \"I hope so,\" Cosmo told him. \"This nut upstairs told us that Sam Gerard was down here but.....\" \"Yes, he's right in there,\" the man gestured towards a small room off to the side. \"Are you family?\" \"Sort of,\" Cosmo said, shocked that there was actually someone there by Sam's name but still sure that it wasn't their Sam. \"Can we go and take a look? There's got to be some sort of mistake here. The Sam we're looking for wasn't nowhere near hurt enough to end up dead.\" The attendant lead them to the door and silently opened it sennsing that now was not the time to talk to these people. Cosmo entered first and slowly approached the figure laying on the gurney, a white sheet pulled up hiding the face. He slowly reached out and pulled the sheet down, his body blocking Catherine's view. As soon as he saw the face, his shoulders slumped and he let out a soft moan. \"Aww, no, Sam.\" \"No,\" Catherine whispered as she moved around him so that she could see and suddenly found herself staring down into the still, ashen face of Sam Gerard. \"Sam?\" Her hand moved out, touching his hand, shocked at how cold he was, how stiff. \"When I get my hands on.....\" Cosmo's hands shook as he reached out laying a hand on Sam's icy shoulder. \"We'll get him, Sam. We'll get him.\" Cosmo's voice was a snarl. He arranged the sheet over Sam's chest before turning to Catherine. \"I'll let you have some privacy, okay?\" Catherine waited silently until Cosmo was gone and the door was closed before removing the sheet completely from the marshal's cold body. She could feel tears welling up in her eyes as she stared mutely down at him, flashbacks running through her mind of the last time she had seen that body, his hands running over her skin as hers ran over his, touching and exploring as they joined together again and again, passion building.... \"Sam....\" she softly whispered as shehe was but at the same time not wanting to leave, not wanting to have this contact with him end. \"Sam, I promise you we'll bring the guy that did this to you in.\" He was so, so cold. She wanted to reach down and gather him into her arms, to warm him with her body. tShe leaned down and pressed a kiss against his cold lips, the last thing she could do before leaving him to the attention of these people. As soon as she touched his lips, she knew something, something she couldn't quite detect, wasn't right about the situation. \"Sam?\" she whispered, staring at him for a moment before leaning down and gently kissing him again, trying to figure out what had felt so odd, kissing him a third time before finally realizing what was bothering her. His lips were warm. They weren't as warm as those of a living person, of course, but there was a slight but detectable difference from the temperature of the rest of his body. Her hands moved frantically now, exploring the rest of his body, all cold, so cold and stiff, all but his lips that had that subtile warmth, a slight pliability. She drew back for a moment, her rational mind not believing what she was suspecting, even as her body moved on autopilot, reaching down and pulling the sheet up again, tucking it firmly around Sam so that only his face was exposed. She shook her head to try to make herself think, knowing rationally how unlikely what she was thinking, that Sam was still alive somehow was but at the same time if there was even a small chance..... If there was even a small chance, he needed a doctor and needed one fast. She started for the door before turning back to Sam again, quickly unfastening one of her earrings and pressing it into his stiff fingers. \"Sam, if you can hear me, you just hang on to that and don't let go. I'll be right back.\" Cosmo was alone when she stepped out out of the room and he looked at her with a dazed expression. He still couldn't quite take it all in, accept that Sam was gone. \"Cath, are you.....\" \"We need to get a doctor in here now,\" she told him, fighting to keep her voice steady. \"A doctor?\" Cosmo asked in confusion. \"Something's not right, something's just not right about this. I want him checked again, I want this double and triple checked!\" Catherine said, her voice growing louder with each word. \"I'll get a court order if need be but something isn't right about this.\" \"Cath, what.... You think he's still....\" Cosmo couldn't finish the sentance, couldn't let himself hope. \"He just doesn't feel right,\" Catherine told him. \"Something's seriously wrong with this and I want a doctor down here NOW!\" Cosmo hesitated for a fraction of a second, wanting to rush in there himself to see if it could be true, if Sammy might be still with them but restraining himself. If Sam was alive, the best thing they could do was to get professionals down there to treat him as soon as possible. He started for the elevator, motioning for Catherine to follow him. He would bodily drag a doctor down there if he had to. They were back in the morgue in under three minutes, an unwilling doctor accompanying them. \"I don't see how the mistake you're claiming could have been made,\" the man said again as the marshals headed for the room Sam was in. \"I don't know how the mistake could have been made either,\" Catherine said, \"but something does not feel right here and you are going to double check and triple check! If there's even the slightest chance to save.....\" The two marshals stopped in shock when they came in and saw that the room was empty, the only sign that Sam had ever been there, the sheet that had covered him on the floor. Cosmo turned, storming back and grabbing the morgue attendant, who had just returned. \"WHERE IS HE?!!!!\" \"Where's who?\" the man said, in a trembling voice. \"SAM!! We weren't gone but three minutes, max! WHERE IS HE?!!!\" \"They took him for autopsy. They've already started by now.\"[Chapter 6] Cosmo felt like hitting the morgue attendant. What kind of hospital was this anyway? He had seen sideshows ran better, them taking Sammy and trying to autopsy him when the man hadn't even been hurt too bad, when he probably wasn't even dead! Man, when they got Sam out of this mess, he was going to have a lawsuit and a half against them! Suddenly his thoughts were interupted by Catherine, the fury in her voice barely contained. \"Get in there and stop them! NOW!!\" She was shaking and had to fight not to say some of the other things she wanted to as she pulled out her badge, flashing it in the man's face. They had only been gone a few minutes. Surely the autopsy couldn't have actually started yet. They would have to prep the body and everything. They still had time. They still had time. The frightened attendant scurried out and a moment later, they could hear the sounds of arguing. \"These people must be total morons,\" Cosmo grumbled. \"Cops should have made sure that ambulance took Sammy to a COMPITANT hospital!\" Just then the attendant came back again. \"Um, I told Dr. Mabry what you said but they've already started the autopsy and we're kind of....\" Catherine visably paled as she stared at the man in shock. \"They already..... WHAT DID THEY DO?!!\" Oh, please just let it be some sort of superficial cut or something that could be fixed. She would never, ever complain about anything Sam Gerard did again if it would be something that could be fixed. \"They've done the Y incision and they were just getting ready to....\" the man's voice trailed off as the two marshals' shoulders slumped at his words. Why did he think he was suddenly in a whole lot of trouble? Catherine was shaking inside with rage and pain but somehow she forced her voice to remain steady, almost icy in tone. \"Get back in there and tell that doctor that he is not to lay another hand on Sam. A team from the US Marshal's office will arrive shortly to collect him and I expect all pertinant records to be turned over to my people.\" She started to stalk out but then turned and looked at the man again, a look Cosmo had only seen on Sam's face before. \"I suggest that you inform anyone that even breathed around that man not to make an plans for the future. Sam Gerard was my best marshal and my friend and if I find out he died because of the actions of this hospital, I will personally make it my job to see every last one of you prosecuted for murder!\" \"Cath?\" Cosmo said as the two got onto the elevator, Catherine limply slumping back against the wall as soon as the door closed. \"I'm putting you in charge of the pursuit. Just get Parker, Cosmo,\" Catherine whispered. Suddenly she was feeling very old, old and alone. \"That's what Sam would have wanted.\"[Chapter 7] Biggs and Cooper were busily working over a map, issuing assignments to the growning group of cops when the heard footsteps and looked up to see Cosmo and Catherine approaching them. But why did they look so upset? Hadn't they found Sam? \"Where was he? I really don't see how I hospital could have made a mistake like that in the first place.\" Biggs said, trying to keep the nervousness from showing in his voice. He didn't know why he was feeling this way. No way Sam was dead. Maybe he had just yelled at them or something for wasting time hunting him down while his fugitive was still on the loose. Yeah, that sounded like what Sam would do. \"It wasn't a mistake,\" Cosmo said quietly, fighting to keep his emotions under control as he spoke. \"What?\" Cooper said, a shocked tone in her voice. Did she hear Cosmo right? She knew she couldn't have. No way Sam was dead. No way! By now some of the young cops were gathering around as well, drawn by the tension they could sense in the marshals. \"Sir, is Marshal Gerard okay?\" Ryan asked. He could tell that the two marshals had been upset when they came back from the hospital but he figured that they had just been yelled at or something for not having that fugitive in custody yet. Everyone knew Sam Gerard's reputation for always getting his man. Not that Marshal Gerard's team was to blame for this fugitive still being on the loose. If he had just got things organized better to start with..... \"Sam didn't make it,\" Catherine said quietly but at the same time loudly enough for those nearby to hear her. She closed her eyes as the cops let out gasps of shock. She still couldn't quite believe it had happened herself. \"What happened?\" Ryan asked as he came closer to the marshals, fully expecting them to start yelling at him. \"Marshal Gerard really didn't look like he was hurt too bad when the ambulance took him to the hospital.\" Had he done something wrong when they got the man out of the water, something that made him worse, something that killed him? \"We've got people looking into what happened now,\" Catherine said. \"but for the moment we need to focus on finding Parker.\" \"Sam always got his man,\" Cosmo said loudly as he looked over the group. Cooper was softly crying and everyone else looked totally shell shocked. \"We can't let this guy get away now and ruin Sammy's perfect record. So let's get organized and get him!\" He glanced over at Biggs for a moment. \"Bobby, get on the phone to Captain Miller and Zilancsky. Tell them what happened and let them know we need every man they can spare for this. This guy is not getting away from us. I want officers on every street going door to door, business to business. If we have to check every building in this city, I want that man found!\"[Chapter 8] > Nurse Owens pushed a strand of blonde hair behind her ear as sherheaded down the hall. It was only an hour into her shift and it felt like sherhad been working for ten already. This was definitely not looking to be argood day. She stopped when she noticed the gurney in the hall with the sheetr covered figure laying still on it. She approached shaking her head at ther morgue workers actually storing a body in the hall. Not that very manyr people actually came down here but still..... It just didn't look right.r She reached out to disengage the brake on the gurney. They would justrhave to find some room for the body behind closed doors until they were readyrto do whatever they needed with it. As she fumbled with the brake, somehow the sheet became tangled andr slipped clear of the body, allowing Nurse Owens to look up and see thernaked form of Sam Gerard. She found herself suddenly smiling slightly as sher surveyed the lean, muscular body. Not a spare ounce of flesh was to berfound on the masculine form, and Nurse Owens smiled again at the pleasing -- andr very male -- lines of Gerard's nude body. She noted some pale scars alongr the flat belly, and idly reached out to finger them gently. She wonderedrif they came from wounds received in the line of duty. She remembered ther marshal from a previous visit he had made to the hospital with a prisoner.r She had thought he was a hunk the first time he laid eyes on him and nowrshe knew he was. She quickly reminded herself not to drool. What in therworld could have happened to him? She sighed. What a pity that such arhandsome, intelligent man could be taken out like this. A surge of anger wentrthrough her and for an instant, she wished her hands were on the throat of ther criminal who'd done this. She reached down to the floor again, picking upr the sheet that had been over Sam. She would be so embarrassed if anyonersaw her looking at a corpse like this. 'Sleep well, dear. I know your friends will avenge you.' she thoughtras she laid the sheet reverently, gently, over him, then turned away, hidingrthe sadness. As she tried to regain control of her emotions, she noticed the filer hanging from the bottom of the gurney and picked it up. She shook herrhead again when she saw that the proper signatures for the body to be eitherr released or autopsied were missing. She honestly didn't know how in ther world those people in the morgue ever got to work in a hospital with themr making mistakes like this. She held the file in one hand as she pushedrSam back into the morgue. \"Hey,\" she called out to the attendant, the same one who had facedr Catherine and Cosmo earlier. \"What are you people doing in here? I justr found poor US Marshal Gerard out in the hall and you didn't even get ther paperwork signed for him!\" \"You mean he wasn't being autopsied already?\" the attendant moaned.r \"Man, I told those other marshals that....\" \"They can't autopsy someone without consent,\" Nurse Owens grumbled,r rolling her eyes at the attendant. Someone really needed to do somethingrwith that boy. \"Here, you go and put this poor man somewhere safe where herwon't get lost again and I'll see about getting someone down here to sign thisr paperwork.\" >r ******* Catherine watched the growing army of cops fanning out from the pier,r knowing that even more were spread out in the streets also searching forr Sam's killer. She supposed she ought to go back to the office. Goodnessr knows with Sam gone, there would be plenty to do there. She didn't wantrto leave yet, though, didn't want to face handling the necessary tasks sherwould have to do for the funeral. She didn't even want to think about that,rabout Sam in a coffin so still and..... It seemed like it had been onlyryesterday they had been at Newman's funeral! How could they loose Sam too? Justrthen her cell phone rang, distracting her from her sorrowful thoughts. \"Marshal Catherine Walsh,\" she said as she clicked the line open,rhoping it wasn't some beaurocrat wanting her to handle something. She justrcouldn't handle going back to the office right now. \"Marshal Walsh, this is Nurse Owens down at St. Joseph's hospital.\"rShe really hated to disturb the marshals right know, knowing how upset theyrhad to be over Marshal Gerard's death, but Nurse Owens knew it had to be done.r Besides, they would feel even worse if those yahoos in the morgue messedrup again. She swore she would stay right at the man's side until someoner competent got down there so nothing else would happen. \"What do you want?\" Catherine growled, having to fight to keep fromr throwing the phone down. What were these people doing calling? Hadn'trthey already done enough to poor Sam? \"I know this is a very bad time right now. I was so sorry to find outr about poor Marshal Gerard. Some of the paperwork hasn't been signedr releasing the body for autopsy or the funeral home though and I wasrwantingr to see when someone could....\" \"What? They haven't done the autopsy? They told us they did ther autopsy!\" Catherine cried, shock over how badly this hospital had messedrupr warring with the notion that maybe, just maybe, there was still a chance. \"The attendant made a mistake,\" Nurse Owens said gently, shaking herr head as she thought of the boy. Goodness knows what he had told the otherr marshals. \"I really hate to bother you but someone needs to come downrherer and sign.\" \"Check him!\" Catherine demanded, pulling herself together. Sherquickly headed towards Cosmo as she talked. She had to get back to the hospital. \"What?\" \"Get a doctor down there now and check him! Double check and tripler check his vitals if you have to but I want it done and I want it done NOW!r Move it!!\" \"Cath?\" Cosmo said as he hurried over to her, worried by therexpression on her face. Who had she been talking to? \"I'm going back to the hospital,\" Catherine said, heading for her carras she talked with Cosmo following her. \"What?\" \"They made yet another mistake. Seems they haven't done the autopsyryet after all.\" She shook her head. This had to be a nightmare. \"Is Sammy....\" But how could he be alive after all of this time, withrno medical attention? Cosmo didn't dare let himself hope. \"I don't know. I'll call you when I know what's going on. Don't sayr anything to the others yet. No need to get their hopes up when....\" Sher didn't even want to think of how unlikely it was that Sam was still aliverand savable. As she headed back towards the hospital, she struggled torcontrol her tears and prayed for a miracle. ******* Nurse Owens hurried back into the morgue and once more pulled thersheet covering Sam's face down, her fingers lightly brushing his firm jaw as sher gently felt in his neck. She really didn't know why the marshal she hadr spoken to wanted him rechecked. After touching that cold stiff flesh itrwas obvious that.... Suddenly her thoughts were interrupted when she felt something, arslight movement, under the fingers she had pressed over the artery. Her eyesr widened as pressed down a bit more firmly while her other hand automaticallyr moved to his forehead, tilting his head back. This couldn't be but..... There it was again though, a very slow but perceptible pulse beneath her fingers. This man was somehow still alive! Thank God! \"Get a crash cart and a doctor in here STAT!\" she yelled at the attendant as she continued checking Sam, letting out a slight sigh whenrshe felt a faint breath of air against her ear. When she saw the attendantrwas still standing there, she yelled again. \"This man's still alive but herwon't be if you don't get going! Now HAUL ASS!\" Within moments of the frightened attendant's flight, more staff camer rushing into the room, one of the nurses dragging a red cart. \"Oh, my....\" the lead doctor murmured as he stared in shock at Samrfor a moment before snapping back to attention and barking orders at a nurse.r\"Get me an ET tube and oxygen now! Someone call upstairs and tell them to getrset up for a profound hypothermia case and get a neurosurgeon on standby!\" Asrhe yelled orders, he was already positioning the breathing tube in Sam'srthroat, moving as fast as he safely could. This didn't look good at all. If therman had been oxygen deprived for any length of time.... \"Let's move it people! We need him upstairs now!\"[Chapter 9] The room was a flurry of activity as the gurney carrying Sam was rushed into the ER and he was swiftly transfered onto a table with a special heated rmatress already in place. Once there, the team moved quickly around him, one rplacing electrodes on his chest and swiftly hooking them to the heart monitor rwhile another covered him with warming blankets. A third took his rtemperature through his ear canal. Nurse Owens, who felt somewhat rresponsible for Sam, carefully inserted the IV lines to run warmed saline rdirectly into his blood. Then she turned to the delicate task of inserting a rcatheter to run warm fluid into his bladder, warming him from the inside out. The Attending MD quickly studied the readout on the monitor and shook his rhead slightly. \"92.2 at 48 beats a minute, not the worst I've ever seen but rhe could easily go either way especially with the amount of time the man has rgone without medical attention.\" The head injury made matters even worse. He shook his head again. They rneeded to move quickly. \"Get that neurosurgeon in here now!\" he barked at an intern. The one rpossibly good thing about the hypothermia was the fact that it might have rprovided a degree of protection for his brain if there was an intercranial rhemorrhage going on. As soon as he was warmed up, though, that protection rwould be lost. He removed the ET tube and placed a nasal cannala with warmed roxygen as the neurosurgeon came rushing in. \"Marshal? Marshal Gerard! Can you hear me?\" the MD spoke loudly next rto his patient's ear, hoping for a break. Surprisingly, there was a soft rgroan, and the man's head moved slightly as he tried to respond. \"What have we got?\" the woman asked as she hurried to Sam's side, gently rprying open one eyelid and then the other, flashing a small light to check rhis pupils. With how the staff was all talking about this case in the hall ras she came through, she couldn't wait to hear what was going on. \"Basically, we've got the disaster to end all disasters here. US Marshal rSam Gerard, temporal impact with a blunt object approximately two and a half rhours ago resulting in a fall into Lake Michigan. He got pulled out in under rthree minutes and was reported conscious for a brief time at the scene but rthen lost consciousness again shortly before EMS arrived.\" The neurosurgeon rfrowned as she listened. If the man had been injured two and a half hours rago, why were they just now calling for a neuro consult? Didn't they know rhow critical time was with a head injury? Before she could say anything, the attending continued. \"Somehow, when rhe got here, he got sent to the morgue instead of getting proper treatment. rNurse Owens here,\" he gestured to the dedicated blonde nurse, who blushed rslightly, to the doctor's puzzlement, \"just found him a couple of minutes rago in the hallway, of all places, outside the morgue, checked his vitals , rand called us in immediately.\" \"Damn,\" murmured the neurosurgeon. \"we have our hands full.\" \"We do,\" agreed the doctor, both knowing exactly what the delay in treatrment could mean for Sam's chances. \"All right, let's get him stabilized and get him down to radiology for a rCT scan STAT,\" the neurosurgeon decided. \"We have to find out what's going ron in there. Has anyone contacted next of kin?\" \"I called the person listed. She's on her way. What's his prognosis?\" rNurse Owens asked softly. The neurosurgeon frowned. It doesn't look good,\" was all she said.[Chapter 10] Catherine hurried toward the enterance to the emergency room, her mind in a turmolt as she struggled to project a calm outward appearance. Sam was ralright. Sam had to be alright. The more she thought about it, the surer rshe became that he had, in fact, been alive in the morgue. And if Sam Gerard rhad somehow managed to make it through that, then he would make it through rwhatever was going on now. He was a fighter. He would be fine. For a rmoment panic washed over her. Please let him be fine. She would forgive him ranything if he would just be fine. Catherine stormed over to the desk, her anger rapidly replacing fear as rshe thought of how this hospital was to blame for the entire situation in the rfirst place. \"I'm looking for Sam Gerard. Where is he?\" She demanded of rthe nurse, Nurse Hancock by the name tag, as she flashed her badge. \"Marshal Walsh, we've been expecting you.\" the nurse said as she hurried raround from behind the desk and motioned for Catherine to follow her back rtowards the treatment area. Catherine let out a slight sigh of relief when rshe saw where the nurse was leading her. Treatment area meant he was alive, rhad to mean he was alive. \"Hey!\" Nurse Hancock called as she saw Nurse Owens in the hallway. \"Do ryou know if they've taken Marshal Gerard back to CT yet?\" \"They took him back about ten minutes ago,\" the blonde nurse said as she rapproached, offering a friendly smile when she realized who the woman with rNurse Hancock must be. She still couldn't believe that someone had made such ra big mistake and nearly killed that poor man. She didn't even want to think rabout how upset his friends had to be, going through this like some sort of ryoyo. \"Marshal Walsh, right? I was the one who called you. Do you want me rto take you back to radiology?\" \"What's his condition?\" Catherine asked as she followed the nurse to the relevator. A CT scan didn't sound good but surely with how hard Sam's head rwas.... Nurse Owens hesitated, not sure exactly what she ought to tell Catherine. r She knew that the marshal's condition could easily go either way but at the rsame time she felt like she ought to offer some sort of hope, especially rafter the blunder that had been made with saying the poor man was dead. \"His temperature's out of the danger zone right now and he's breathing rwell on his own,\" she finally said as they stepped into the elevator. \"The rreal concern right now is the head injury. It's not uncommon for there to be ran intercranial bleed when the head takes a hit in the location Marshal rGerard was hit in so they're going to be looking at him really closely.\" rJust then Nurse Owens noticed something odd. The marshal only had one rearring on. Her hand went into her pocket and she pulled out the small robject she had found in Marshal Gerard's hand when they were working on him. r\"Um, is this yours?\" Catherine nodded and reached out, taking it and slipping it back into rplace as the elevator doors opened. Nurse Owens started to lead Catherine to rthe waiting area but changed her mind when she noticed the expression on the rmarshal's face and headed in the direction of the CT scan area instead. r\"Let's see if they're done with him, yet.\" They had just reached the door when it swung open and the neurologist rcame out followed by a short balding doctor. \"Doctor Bradshaw, this is Marshal Walsh.\" Nurse Owens told the rneurologist. Oh, she hoped the results for poor Marshal Gerard were good. A rman like that shouldn't have to go through this. \"Marshal Walsh, I think I have some good news for you.\" the neurologist rsaid with a smile as she reached out and shook Catherine's hand. \"Dr. rTompkins and I just finished reviewing the CT scan and it appears negative rfor an intercranial bleed. The area where he took the blow is prone to rbleeding though. We're going to admit him to ICU for the night so he can be rmonitored closely and run a followup scan tommorrow. He's being moved rupstairs right now and they've got a plastics consult coming in to take a rlook at the laceration on his head. If you want, you can go on up. It rshouldn't be long before he can have visitors.\" Catherine let out a small sigh of relief. This was definately sounding rbetter than she was hoping for. Sam's hard head was finally coming in handy rfor something. Now if he would just be bellyaching about being stuck in the rhospital when she got up there. Then she would know everything was alright.[Chapter 11] \"Marshal? Marshal Gerard, can you hear me?\" There was that voice again, calling his name, making his head throb worse. Sam uttered a soft moan as he rforced his eyes open. Felt like the lids must weigh twenty pounds each. The doctor let out a slight sigh of relief when he saw the US Marshal's reyes open even though the man did look decidedly unhappy. \"Marshal Gerard, rcan you tell me your full name?\" \"Gerard, Sam Gerard, US Deputy Marshal,\" Sam muttered, his head aching rmore with every word uttered. They didn't even know his name here? Sam knew rthat kid should have never called for an ambulance. \"Good. Do you remember what happened to you, Marshal Gerard?\" Sam didn't particularly want to remember what had happened but runfortunately, it didn't seem anyone was going to let him forget it. r\"Chasing a fugitive. Got hit in the head.\" Sam grumbled, hoping this was it rfor share time with the doctor, well unless the doctor intended to share rwhere his fugitive was with him. Sam started to ask but he unwillingly let rout another groan of pain. Felt like his head was about to pop off. \"We'll get you something for that headache as soon as we can,\" the rdoctor said in a reassuring tone as he looked up at the monitors Sam was rattached to, \"Why don't you just try and get some rest now? You're a very rlucky man, Marshal.\" When the doctor came out, he called out an order to the nurse to get a rpain killer started before turning to Catherine, who had been waiting for him. \"Catherine Walsh, US Marshals. How is he?\" Catherine asked the doctor. r She was a bit surprised that she hadn't heard Sam complaining as soon as she rgot onto the floor. \"Lucky, he's very, very lucky.\" the doctor said with a slight shake of rhis head. He was really surprised that the marshal was in as good a rcondition as he was considering what he had been through. \"The neurologist rtold you that the CT scan was clear for a bleed, right?\" when Catherine rnodded, he continued. \"The chest film we did looks to be clear as well. rHowever, it isn't uncommon with a near drowning to have a pulmonary problem rdevelop 24 to 72 hours later so we would like to keep Marshal Gerard for at rleast the next two or three days for monitoring. For right now, he's stable, rthough. If you like, you can go and see him now. Just be sure not to tire rhim out too much if he's awake.\" Catherine didn't know why the doctor even bothered to ask if she wanted rto see Sam. After the mistakes this hospital had made, she wasn't going to rreally be comforted about his condition until she could see him for herself rand make sure he actually was alright. About the only person she had seen so rfar that she was sure knew what they were doing was that Nurse Owens. She smiled slightly when she came in and saw Sam tucked into bed, a rbandage on his head pretty much the only sign of injury. She silently moved rover to his bedside, not wanting to make too much noise and risk waking him. rLooked like he was breathing well and from what Catherine could tell, the rreadouts on the monitors looked fairly normal. She reached out for the rblankets covering him, moving them a bit so she could check for any sign of rinjury that those people might have missed. If she thought she could have rgotten away with it, she would have stripped him entirely. No way was she rgoing to feel totally comfortable with their medical judgment after how they ralmost got Sam killed. She relaxed a bit when she couldn't find anything more seriously wrong rwith him than the fact he was a bit pale and cold still. She adjusted the rblankets she had disarranged again, tucking them around him securely before rleaning down and pressing a soft kiss against his lips. \"Sam, I'm going to go and call Cosmo and the others and let them know ryou're alright. I'll be right back.\" She started to leave before turning rand moving back to his bedside for a moment, slipping her earring off again rand pressing it into his hand. She gently kissed him once more as she did rthat before she slipped out the door.[Chapter 12] Sam felt himself drifting upwards toward awareness again, this time his head aching a bit less than it had before but his eyelids even heavier than rthey had been. After a struggle, he decided better to keep his eyes closed rfor a bit. Aneseptic smell was everywhere. He definately hadn't been rimagining that hospital When he got his hands on the fugitive.... Just then rhe felt something in his hand and slowly explored it with his fingers, rpuzzling over it, tracing the shape for a moment before realizing what it rwas. An earring,... a stud, with... a faceted stone. Diamond? Seems rfamiliar like the ones I gave... \"Catherine?\" his voice sounded like it was coming through a tunnel as he rcalled out, forcing his eyes open as he did. The first thing he noted as he ropened his eyes were the tubes and wires poked into various parts of his rbody, that and the pain that came back in a dull throbbing as soon as his reyes opened. \"Cath?\" he called again as he struggled to move a bit in the bed. Had rthey poked him into one of those flimsy excuses for clothing this time? rMoving, moving was definately not good, made his head pound full force. Sam rshook his head slowly, trying to clear it before forcing himself to move ragain, slowly inching towards the side of the bed, fighting the pain. He had rthings to do and he couldn't do them from a hospital bed. ***** Cosmo had been on edge ever since Catherine had left and the fact that he rcouldn't share what was going on with anyone else just seemed to make it rworse. He anxiously paced by the command area the team had set up waiting, rwaiting for any news about Parker or any word from Catherine. He knew that rhe was hoping for the impossible but.... Just then his cell phone rang, rending all thought as he grabbed for it. \"Renfro,\" he said as he clicked it on. Let it be good news, he didn't rcare what it took, just let this call be good news. \"Cosmo, it's Catherine.\" After flashing her badge, Catherine had taken rover the phone at the nurses' station so Sam's room would be in sight while rshe talked. \"Cosmo, he's fine. They've done a CT scan and x-rays and reverything looks normal. They're going to watch him for a few days to be on rthe safe side but....\" \"You're sure? You've seen him and you're sure that they didn't make ranother little mistake this time?\" Cosmo demanded, stunned at what he had rjust heard. \"I've seen him. No mistake. He's fine. You found his fugitive yet?\" rCatherine asked with a soft laugh. That would be one of the first things she rwas sure that Sam would want to know when he woke up. As she talked, she rlooked over towards Sam's room, her eyes widening when she Saw that his eyes rwere open and.... \"Cos, I've got to go. Call you back later.\" With that, rCatherine quickly hung up the phone and hurried over to Sam's room again. rShe didn't think he was actually in any condition to get out of bed but rknowing Sam, she wasn't going to take any chances. \"Sam Gerard, exactly what do you think you're doing?\" she said as she rcame in, smiling slightly in spite of herself as she hurried to his side and rput out a hand, stopping him from trying to drag himself out of bed any rfurther. He had only managed to move a couple of inches but knowing Sam, he rwould have been up eventually. \"Cath?\" Sam muttered, glad to see her but wishing she would talk a bit rquieter. He fumbled, raising a finger to his lips as he forced the pain rback. He didn't have time for pain now. \"Fugitive? They got Parker yet?\" \"Cosmo's on it, Sam. Everything's in good hands so you just forget any rideas you might have about trying to run a search from this bed and rconcentrate on getting some rest.\" Catherine whispered as she leaned over rhim, adjusting the pillows a bit so he was more comfortable before gently rpressing a kiss against his forehead. \"You gave us all quite a scare.\" ****** The other marshals looked curiously over at Cosmo as he put his phone rback in his pocket and then begin to laugh, first a soft chuckle and then rlouder. What in the world could he find so funny with Sam.... Cosmo shook his head, trying to get the laughter under control and r'Vannah and Biggs came over, both looking very upset with him but it was a rfight. Wasn't this entire thing just like something Sam would pull? \"Cosmo, what are you....\" 'Vannah started to say but he interrupted her. \"Hospital made another mistake,\" Cosmo said with a shake of his head. r\"That was Catherine. Sammy's alive. He's gonna be fine.\" As his two rfriends let out a loud whoop at the news, he shook his head again. Leave it rto Sam to pull this. Heaven probably didn't want him and the devil was rafraid he would take over. Cosmo turned again and cupped his hands around his mouth to get the rattention of the cops nearby. \"Got some good news for you people to pass on! r Seems there was a mistake and Marshal Gerard isn't so dead after all! Now rthat we knowhe's alive, we really need to get going on this fugitive. Big rDog gets real cranky when there's a fugitive loose out there!\"[Chapter 13] \"Cath, what happened?\" Sam muttered as he looked at Catherine with a rslightly confused expression. She busied herself adjusting the bed so he could rsit up a bit and tucked the blankets in around him. He remembered the chase rafter the fugitive and even getting hit in the head and the aftermath but he rdidn't see anything about what he recalled that would have Catherine making such a rbig fuss. \"You gave us a scare, that's what happened,\" Catherine said quietly as rshe reached out and took his hand. She didn't want to tell him about the rmix-up and how everyone thought he was dead for awhile. She wished she could rforget that it had ever happened herself. \"Good thing you're head's so hard. rThey're going to keep an eye on you for a couple of days just to be on the safe rside.\" She smiled slightly when he grimaced at that news. \"Want me to get you ranything? You ended up missing lunch.\" \"My fugitive's head on a platter?\" Sam grumbled, an uncomfortable rsensation in his stomach now that Catherine had reminded him of food along with a rpainful feeling a bit lower down signaling the call of nature that he needed to ranswer rather quickly. He glanced around, his head throbbing even stronger rat the motion before he spotted a tiny bathroom. He started to try to move ragain before realizing that he wasn't going anywhere hooked to all of those rmachines. \"Sam, where do you think....\" Catherine started to say as she saw him rtrying to move before figuring out what the problem was. She stood up and rgently patted him before heading for the door. \"I'll go and get the nurse to get ryou unhooked from those things for a few minutes, okay?\" Catherine was back a moment later with a nurse who swiftly disconnected rthe monitor wires and oxygen, leaving the IV line as the only thing hindering rSam's movement. \"Here,\" Catherine said as she reached out, wrapping an arm around him rto take some of his weight as he and the nurse helped him walk. The nurse took rcharge of guiding the IV pole. When Sam frowned, she continued. \"I'm not rtaking any chances on you falling and getting your head hurt again, Sam. Not rafter what we've been through today with you.\" The two women helped him into rthe restroom and then the nurse backed away a few steps, allowing the two rmarshals some privacy. \"Besides, it isn't like I haven't seen everything before.\" Sam rolled his eyes in resignation, knowing all too well that Catherine rwasn't about to budge when she was in a mood like this. He just wondered what rin the world had upset her so. \"Been awhile,\" he muttered in response. \"Not that long,\" retorted Catherine. \"Besides, it's like riding a bike. r You don't forget. And you are very... memorable, Sam.\" \"Sam chuckled, old memories coming back. \"Remember the time I had that rnasty stuff that illegal alien perp brought in?\" And wound up flat on your back for 6 days? I do indeed,\" Catherine rreplied, not adding that it was partially due to Sam's on stubbornness that he had rbeen sick that long. \"I did nurse duty then, too, as I recall.\" \"Yeah. Damn good nurse, for a cop.\" Gerard teased. Meanwhile, Catherine had gotten Sam maneuvered properly around in the rsmall bathroom. To allow him some modicum of privacy, well as much as he could rexpect in one of those gowns, she steadied him from behind as he fiddled with rthe front of the gown. She chuckled at the sound of flowing water, followed by ra soft sigh from the deputy. Better, huh?\" she asked, as they slowly made their way back to the bed, rthe nurse once more on Sam's other side. \"Yeah.\" \"Well, they pumped quiet a lot of fluids into you. I'm not surprised.\" \"Really? Why? I almost drowned. I wouldn't think that'd be a problem.\" r Sam swore he didn't know why all of his chases seemed to result in his rgetting soaked to the skin. If his wardrobe was anything like Cosmo's, the rMarshals Service would have been in the red long ago from dry cleaning bills. Erm,\" hedged Catherine, still not ready to talk about what happened. r\"I'll tell you later....\" A few minutes later, Sam was safely tucked back in bed again and rrewired, Catherine right at his side holding his hand once more. He shook his head rgently at that, sure that something she wasn't telling him was going on. He rhad never seen her make a fuss like this before. If his head would just stop rpounding for about five seconds, he would demand that she let him know whatever rit was she was trying to keep from him. \"Want me to see if they can do something for that headache?\" Catherine rsaid gently. Sam wouldn't admit being in pain, she knew, but she could tell rfrom the tightening around his eyes that his head was really hurting him. \"I rcan see about getting you some food too.\" \"They got donuts here? The ones with the....\" \"The little sprinkles. I know. I'm sure they can find some. And maybe rsome soup or something too.\" Catherine said as she stood again, leaning down rand gently kissing his forehead before heading for the door. \"You just close ryour eyes and try to relax. I'll be back in a few minutes.\" Moments after Catherine had left the room, Nurse Owens entered. Seeing rSam lying restlessly in bed, she smiled at him. She was so relieved that he rwas going to be okay after the scare he had given them. \"Well, hello. I'm your rnight nurse. Good to see you awake. How are you feeling?\" Gerard stared at her, puzzled. There was something very familiar.... \"I rknow you....\" \"Yes, I'm Nurse Owens. I found you.\" \"Found me?\" Yes.\" Noticing the frown lines around his eyes, she repeated, \"How are ryou feeling?\" \"Headache.\" He grimaced. Owens nodded. \"On it. Back in a flash.\" Before he could react, she was gone, returning moments later with a small rpill container and a cup of water. \"Here. Doctors left a pain prescription rfor you.\" Gerard took the pill and water from her, and in seconds it was gone. \"Good. Now settle back and let it work.\" He cocked a slightly defiant reyebrow at her, as if to say, I have work to do. Why in the world did all of rthese women seem determined to keep him flat on his back? \"Trust me. It'll rwork a lot better if you don't fight it.\" Owens smiled at him, but her eyes rwere stern. Gerard nodded, knowing better than to disagree with a nurse. He rknew from experience what they could do if crossed. The nurse set about taking his vitals while he leaned back and tried to rfollow her instructions. After a few minutes, she saw the frown on his rforehead smooth away, and he relaxed. She nodded to herself in satisfaction. r\"Better?\" she asked. That was one of the best parts of the job, doing something so rsmall that made a patient feel better quickly. Yeah,\" Sam answered, settling into the bed. She tided around the room for a minute or two before he stated, r\"...Sleepy. S'posed to....?\" \"Yeah, it will. It's got hydrocodone in it.\" \"Oh.\" He watched her for a few more minutes as she moved about the room, his reyes growing heavy-lidded. She moved with purpose, efficiently placing items rwhere they could be best utilized, making sure he had all necessary supplies, rputting a container of water within his reach. All was done with grace and an reconomy of motion. \"Nurse?\" \"Hm?\" What's y'r name?\" \"Owens. \"Nurse Owens.\" \"No. Firs' name.\" A bit of a Texan twang was becoming audible in his rspeech. \"Oh. Stevie.\" \"Stevie,\" Gerard repeated slowly. \"Like it.\" Thanks.\" \"Stevie, what'd y'mean, y'foun' me?\" \"Oh, that.\" Nurse Owens hesitated, deffident, then decided he seemed rwell enough to hear the truth. She just hoped that it didn't upset him too much. r Goodness knows that she had been plenty upset by what happened. \"Well, rthere was some sort of mistake when you were brought in. We... lost you for a rbit. Seems your paperwork got switched with someone else's or something, and you rwere left just outside the morgue, in the corridor. You were suffering from rexposure, and might've died if you hadn't been found quickly.\" It was obvious rto her from the expression on his face that he was reading between the lines rof her explanation. Intelligent man. \"You found me.\" \"Yes.\" Stevie blushed slightly. Thank heavens he doesn't know what I rwas thinking when I found him in that corridor, she thought, and blushed a bit rmore at the recollection. Her patient watched her with dark eyes. \"We got you rin a treatment room, and started heating you up and hydrating you with warmed rfluids.\" Gerard thought for moment. \"Tha'splains it.\" \"Explains what?\" He jerked his thumb at the bathroom door. She glanced at the door, then rat him. Suddenly his meaning dawned on he, and she chuckled. \"Yep. That r'splains it.\" Gerard elbowed himself up, slightly relieved that the movement didn't rmake the headache start again. He gestured to her with his free hand. \"C'mere.\" \"What?\" \"C'mere,\" he slurred, the narcotics beginning to take full effect. He rpatted the bed beside him. \"Sit.\" Even drugged, Sam Gerard was still Sam Gerard, and Stevie obeyed. As she rsat beside him, she began, \"What do you nee....\" Gerard cupped her cheek with his hand, then slid it behind her neck, rbringing her face down to his. His lips covered hers gently in a soft kiss. When rit was over, he looked deep into the blue eyes and simply murmured, r\"Thanks.\" Her eyebrows climbed, and then she dropped her gaze as unexpected tears rfilled her eyes. He noticed. Wha's wrong?\" No... nothing. I'm,\" Stevie struggled to regain her composure,\" \"I'm rjust not used to being thanked.\" Sam studied her for a moment through his drugged haze, then smiled. r\"Maybe wh'n I get outta here,\" he began, \"We c'n go to dinner an' I c'n thank ryou properly.\" \"That would be nice... Sam,\" she answered softly. \"I'd like that.\" She rreturned his smile. The she grew mock-stern. \"But in the meantime, you're rstill my patient, and you need to rest.\" Yes, Ma'am,\" he grinned mischievously, leaning back as she tucked him rin. \"Restin' now.\" The nurse stared at the deputy marshal. Hm, she thought. With his hair all rtousled and his eyes dilated from the med, and that grin, he looks so boyish. rHe's adorable. I could go for that. She shook herself from her musings, and rmade some notations in his chart. Then she hung the chart back on the foot rof the bed and watched her patient. Sam was sound asleep. Stevie Owens smiled to herself. Even if he didn't remember his rinvitation, she knew Gerard's thank had been straight from the heart. A gratified nurse exited the room with a smile to continue her rounds. A few minutes later, Catherine Walsh entered the room, a box of donuts in rhand, and smiled at the sight of a peacefully sleeping deputy Sam Gerard. rShe leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to his lips before sitting down at his rbedside again and taking his hand in hers.[Chapter 14] Catherine stretched a bit, her back cramped from the two hours she had spent in the chair, her hand gently reaching out, ruffling Sam's hair, smiling slightly at the relaxed expression on his face. Made him look almost like an rinnocent little boy. \"Should make them give you a supply of whatever you're on,\" she murmured softly as she leaned over and kissed him again. Goodness knows that Sam would never actually relax on his own. \"Cath?\" She turned when she heard a voice in the doorway, smiling when she saw Cosmo with 'Vannah and Bobby behind him. \"How'd they get him to sleep with a fugitive on the loose out there, use a mallet on him or something?\" 'Vannah whispered as they crept into the room, being careful to not make any unavoidable noise. The old saying about letting sleeping dogs lie was definately applicable for this visit. She quietly edged over to the bed and placed the present she had found in the gift shop, a large stuffed dog, at Sam's side. Catherine smiled slightly to herself at that, glad she would be there to see Sam's expression when he woke and found himself in bed with a stuffed animal. \"No sign of the fugitive yet?\" Catherine whispered to Cosmo, batting Bobby away from the box of donuts as she talked. \"If you're hungry,Bobby, I think they might have jello cups somewhere. Leave the donuts alone. They're Sam's. I made a special run AT HIS REQUEST.\" She was not leaving Sam alone to go find another box for him. Bobby brought up short, then headed out the door of the hospital room, in search of jello. \"We have cops from three different precincts on it plus every marshal that wasn't already on a case. This guy must have discovered some sort of invisibility formula or something because there's nothing,\" Cosmo grumbled in reply to Catherine's question. He had never seen a fugitive vanish this completely before. \"Guy's wounded though, that's one thing to our advantage. Thought we'd check out the ER while we're here, see if they've seen anything. Who knows? With the mess they made of things with Sammy, our guy might be on ice in the morgue too.\" \"Renfro?\" They all jumped slightly at a low growl from the bed, turning as Sam forced his heavy eyes open, a slightly glazed expression warring with annoyance. \"Where is my fugitive?\" \"They're going to go check the ER for your fugitive now, Sam,\" Catherine said with a sigh. She hated it when he got stubborn and from the sound of it, he was heading right for stubborn city. She wondered if it was too early for him rto have more pain medicine. \"Fugitive's in the......\" Sam started to try to pull himself up. If his fugitive might be just downstairs, there was no way that he was going to stay up here and let him get away again. \"Sam Gerard, you aren't going anywhere so just lay back in that bed,\" Catherine said fiercely with a stern glare to back up her words. \"Your team is perfectly capable of finding rthat fugitive without your help. If you even think about moving, I swear I will have the nurse sedate you until next year!\" Sam stared at his boss in surprise. He made a motion that all interpreted as \"The hell with it, I'm getting out of bed,\" and Catherine moved immediately to the bedside, looming over him threateningly, a scowl on her features. Sam blinked as she reached for the nurse call button. \"Dammit, don't do that,\" he muttered, and Catherine paused. \"Are you going to do as you're told this time?\" she asked him pointedly. \"Yeah, yeah,\" he grumbled, as his team stared. Petite little Marshal Walsh had just trumped Sam Gerard. They'd never seen anyone one-up Sam. But Sam wasn't quite finished. \"I want a coordinated search of this hospital,\" he told the team. \"Search every lab, every unit, every room if you have to. I want reports back here to me every fifteen minutes. Find that fugitive!\" \"We'll get him, Sammy. Just rest,\" Cosmo said with a chuckle as the team headed towards the door once more. He wouldn't want to be in Cath's shoes, that was for sure, not with having to put up with a very cranky Big Dog. \"You know, these jello cups are actually kind of good,\" Bobby remarked as he caught up with him at the elevator, his hands full of single serving deserts. \"Anyone want one?\" \"What I want is that fugitive,\" Cosmo grumbled.[Chapter 15] Sam slowly stirred, not really sure of where he was. His eyes were heavy rand he had to struggle for a moment before he finally forced them open. As rhe caught sight of the various medical equipment he was hooked to, of Catherine rsleeping in what looked like a very uncomfortable position in the chair rbeside him, his hand firmly clutched in hers, he recalled what had happened the day rbefore. Now where was.... \"Catherine?\" he called, his voice a bit weaker and with a slight slur. rWasn't going to take anymore of those painkillers, that was for sure. Catherine opened her eyes, starting slightly at the sound of Sam's voice. r She had been afraid to leave him the night before, both because of the rmistake that the hospital made and because she didn't trust Sam not to try sneaking rout in search of his fugitive. \"Sam, how are you feeling?\" she asked as rshe leaned over the bed, aches and pains from sleeping in the chair making rthemselves felt up the length of her back. \"They should be bringing breakfast around shortly and then they're going to see about getting you into a regular rroom.\" \"Where's my fugitive?\" Sam grumbled, hunger pains making themselves rknown at Catherine's mention of food but nothing he didn't think that he could rignore. He shook his head slightly, the pain a bit lighter this morning but rstill there. He could remember Bobby and 'Vannah popping in a couple of times rwith updates but.... \"They find him?\" \"No sign of him yet, Sam,\" Catherine said with a slight sigh. She had rbeen hoping that he wouldn't ask about the fugitive for a while. \"They're rchecking out every other hospital in the vacinity though and they have all of the rERs alerted. He's going to turn up sooner or later.\" Sam glared for a moment, not really at Catherine but at the world in rgeneral. How in the world.... He reached for the bedrail, frowning as he fumbled rto try to lower it. He had work to do. \"Sam Gerard, don't even think of it!\" Catherine said in a quiet but firm rvoice that made him look at her in surprise. \"Do you know how big a fright ryou gave everyone last night? We thought....\" She closed her eyes for a rmoment, unwillingly reliving the experience of seeing Sam so cold and still on that rgurney. She leaned over him again and pressed a kiss against his forehead. r\"You're going to stay in that bed and rest until the doctor says otherwise if rI have to handcuff you to keep you there!\" \"Cath....\" Sam didn't know why in the world she was reacting this way. rHe felt fine. Well, okay, his head was throbbing a bit but it wasn't anything rserious, nothing that he couldn't ignore. He had had way worse than this rbefore and it hadn't prevented him from doing his job. \"What the hell's the rdeal? I'm fine. Okay, I've got a little headache. But I've had worse.\" \"Sam, I mean it. We came too close to losing you last night. I expect ryou to listen for a change. Cosmo knows what he's doing. They'll find your rfugitive.\" Maybe she ought to give Cosmo a call and see about getting some rstuff brought over. Sam in this mood, she definately wasn't going to trust him ralone long enough to go home and pack a bag. Just then, the door came open and Nurse Owens came in carrying a rbreakfast tray with a smile on her face. \"Hello. How's your head feeling this rmorning?\" \"Better,\" Sam grumbled with a pointed look at Catherine. \"Well, that's good. You just enjoy your breakfast and I'll be back in a rlittle while. The doctor has ordered a repeat CT scan and x-rays before we rget you moved down to a regular floor.\"She exited the room, then came back in rwith a second tray. \"Something for your guest, too. I won't let family go rhungry. Here, honey.\" She set the tray down in front of Catherine, who looked down rat it hungrily. \"Don't worry. For a hospital, we've got pretty decent food.\" rOwens smiled at both marshals, who smiled back, then began digging in. \"That's rbetter,\" Owens grinned. \"Maybe you can help me,\" Catherine began around a mouthful of scrambled regg before Nurse Owens could leave once more, \"convince Sam here that he does rNOT need to go running 'round the hospital in search of his fugitive.\" Nurse Owens stared at Gerard blankly. \"Well, that's not a real good idea, rDeputy.\" \"Why the hell not?\" Sam growled, munching on a biscuit. Eating seemed to rhelp ease his headache slightly, and the painkillers were slowly wearing off. \"Um, remember what I told you yesterday about how we kind of...lost you?\" \"Yeah. You found me.\" \"Yes.\" Owens blushed slightly, recalling her first impression upon seeing rthe marshal. \"Well, if I'd found you half an hour later, you...wouldn't've rmade it.\" Sam scowled. \"Why?\" How in the world could he have ended up going from a rlittle bump on the head to the point of death? \"Hypothermia.\" Sam absorbed that thought, as the two women watched. Finally he muttered ra soft, \"Damn.\" \"See, Sam?\" Catherine said quietly. \"Now you know why we've all been so rworried --\" \"And so damn protective,\" he finished thoughtfully. \"Protective can be a good thing,\" Owens added gently. Gerard glanced at rher appreciatively, as Walsh nodded her approval. The nurse thought for a rmoment. \"You know,\" she told them, \"I think I saw one of your teammates downstairs. rIf you like, I can try to find him and see what's going on, maybe even get rhim up here to report to you? That would at least let you know what's happening. rI don't think it'd hurt.\" \"Do it,\" Sam ordered, then paused before shoving a bite of egg into his rmouth and added, softer, remembering that this wasn't one of his kids that he rcould give orders to, \"please.\" Catherine sighed in relief as Nurse Owens nodded and left the room. rMaybe now that Sam understood what they had been through he would give them a rbreak and actually behave. About ten minutes later, she returned. \"Okay, I found him. 'Cosmo,' I rthink he said his name was,\" watching as the two marshals nodded. \"Anyway, he rsaid he'd be up here in a few minutes, had something to take care of first, then rhe'd be right up. He has a bag of your things for you, too.\" \"Good old Cosmo,\" Catherine murmured affectionately. \"He read my mind.\" \"Mine, too,\" Sam agreed. \"I just hope he got it outta my closet instead rof buying it, this time.\" Catherine laughed, but the nurse looked puzzled. r\"I'll explain later,\" Sam told her. \"Okay,\" Owens agreed. \"But I have a little more news.\" Sam and Catherine rlooked at her attentively. \"Seems that, with you involved so much in an active rsearch, hospital staffing has decided to take me off my regular patient rrotation and assign me to you full-time. Sort of a hospital liason, in addition to rprivate nurse.\" She glanced at them uncertainly. \"Hope that's okay.\" \"It's fine, darlin',\" Sam said softly with a slight smile. \"That's what ryou've been doing so far anyway.\" \"Good idea,\" Catherine approved. She held out her hand to the nurse. r\"Welcome aboard.\" She had a feeling with Sam that she was going to need all of rthe help that she could get to keep that man safe and sound in bed. I'm sorry to say that it doesn't look like I'll be finishing this story. I was a member of an email list for Tommy Lee Jones fans and that's where I started writing this story and my other US Marshal's fiction. One of the list members that I was really close to left recently and isn't speaking to me anymore. This really hurt me and my heart just isn't in writing anymore. I miss you, Carlie. Chanda Brokenhearted ","Summary":" Whoever claimed Mondays were a nightmare had obviously never experienced this particular late winte"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"The Other Kimble","Author":"BlueEyedAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11441789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1- This Can't Be January 20 th , 1992. She ran down the slush-covered streets of Chicago, as fast as her boots could carry her. Thirty minutes ago she had been in Evanston, in the cozy confines of a sorority house on the campus of Northwestern University. Now, she was running towards the home of her aunt and uncle praying that what she had heard on the news wasn't true. However, as she turned onto a sidewalk that led to the large home where she resided with them when school wasn't in session, the police cars and news vans told her that her prayers had fallen on deaf ears. Seeing yellow caution tape, she ran towards it but was stopped by a police officer. \"You can't go in there,\" said the police officer. \"My aunt and uncle live there, I just heard on the news that my Aunt Helen was attacked!\" \"And you are?\" asked the officer. \"Trisha Kimble, I'm her niece,\" said Trisha. \"And why is my uncle being put in the back of a police car?!\" \"Miss, there's no easy to say this,\" said the officer. \"Mrs. Kimble was dead when we got here.\" All the color drained from Trisha's face. She looked at the officer, as if to say something, before promptly turning around and vomiting in the snow. Trisha looked around the police station searching for her uncle as a young detective approached her. \"Trisha Kimble?\" \"Yeah, that's me,\" said Trisha. \"Detective Sully, I'd like to talk to you if that's okay.\" \"Where's my uncle?\" asked Trisha. \"He's with two other detectives right now,\" said Sully. \"Seems whoever murdered your aunt knew the security code to get into your house. Did you give it out to anyone?\" \"No, Uncle Richard told me never to give it out,\" said Trisha. \"No boyfriends, maybe your parents?\" asked Sully. \"I'm a pre-med student at Northwestern, I don't have time for boyfriends,\" said Trisha. \"Oh, and by the way, my parents died when I was 11. My aunt and uncle took me in and raised me when they could've just dumped me in a foster home, so if you're trying to get me to help your buddies pin this on my uncle, do your own dirty work.\" She took off and ran into a restroom, unable to catch her breath. FLASHBACK \" Are you two really okay with me being here? I feel like I'm the third wheel,\" said Trisha. Richard and Helen both laughed. \" You need to be here, Trisha. You're applying to medical schools after you take the MCAT and the results come in, so the more people you know that can write letters of recommendation for you the better,\" said Richard. \" Trisha, is that you?\" said a voice. She looked and saw Dr. Nichols walk over. \" Charlie! Hi!\" said Trisha. \" Shouldn't you be studying?\" said Dr. Nichols. \" I'm networking tonight, got my MCAT study group tomorrow though,\" said Trisha. \" That's what I wanted to hear, keep it up,\" said Dr. Nichols. Nichols pulled Richard aside to talk about something while Helen and Trisha went to find some food. \" I should probably take the train back to campus after this is over,\" said Trisha. \" I'd be more comfortable if you didn't take the train when this is over because it's going to be really late,\" said Helen. \"Just come home and stay the night, I can take you out for brunch then bring you back to campus.\" \" If driving me back to Evanston isn't too much trouble…\" \" No, honey, it's not,\" said Helen. END FLASHBACK She looked in the mirror, not recognizing herself. Cheeks covered with mascara-tainted tears, thick dark brown hair wet from the snowfall, and a pair of big brown eyes that were red from crying stared back at her. FLASHBACK Trisha listened as her Uncle Richard talked to someone at Chicago Memorial Hospital via the car phone. As she did, she heard the pager Richard and Helen had given her for college beep in her purse. \" Sorry,\" Trisha whispered. \" Don't worry about it,\" Richard whispered. His call eventually ended and he drove towards the house to drop Helen and Trisha off before heading to Chicago Memorial. \" Can I use the car phone? One of the girls at the sorority house paged me 911,\" said Trisha. Richard handed Trisha the phone and she called the sorority house. One of her friends, Dana, answered. \" What's going on?\" asked Trisha. \" I just saw a nasty weather report – big snowstorm coming, and no one at the house has heard anything about canceled classes yet,\" said Dana. \"Just get your butt to the nearest train station, Natalie and I will pick you up at Noyes.\" \" Thanks, you're a lifesaver,\" said Trisha. She ended the call and told Richard and Helen what had happened. \" Just pull over at a train station, I really don't care which one,\" said Trisha. \"I don't wanna make you late for the OR, Uncle Richard.\" \" You won't,\" said Richard. \" I think we're near Howard Station,\" said Helen. The car came to a stop and Trisha exited the back seat as snow began to fall. \" Good luck, Uncle Richard,\" said Trisha. \"Bye, Aunt Helen.\" She was about to go up to Howard Station when Helen took her hand in hers. \" Call me when you get back to the sorority house, please? I need to know that you got there safe,\" said Helen. \" Don't worry, Aunt Helen. I will,\" said Trisha. She gave her aunt a peck on the cheek and went up the stairs to catch a train back to Evanston. END FLASHBACK Trisha exited the restroom – just in time to see her Uncle Richard being led down a hall in handcuffs. \"What the hell?!\" Her shout drew the attention of both her uncle and the two detectives on either side of him. \"Th – they thi – think I did it for the money,\" said Richard. \"He didn't do this! Why don't you tubs of lard do some real police work?!\" Trisha yelled. \"If you don't shut up, I'll put you in handcuffs,\" said Detective Kelly. February, 1993. \"I need a moment alone with my niece,\" said Richard. \"The end phase of the trial starts in five minutes,\" said Walter. He left them alone so they could talk. \"I can't believe everything got this far,\" said Trisha. \"How can they not find a one-armed man in the city of Chicago?\" \"Don't worry about me, okay? I want to know how things are going with the medical schools you applied to,\" said Richard. \"I have almost all of my interviews done, so hopefully I'll be getting some good news – or bad news,\" said Trisha. \"It'll be good news – you're smart, smarter than me,\" said Richard. \"Smarter than you? Nah!\" said Trisha. They shared a hug as Walter walked over. \"It's time,\" said Walter. \" Richard… He's trying to kill me…\" The 911 tape made Trisha sick to her stomach, and angry – she had lost her parents nearly a decade ago, but that hadn't been due to malice. This was, and all they seemed to have for a motive against her uncle was a stupid life insurance policy. With that logic, Trisha was surprised she hadn't been arrested as well due to the policy also having her name on it – it had initially only had her name on it, but Helen and Richard had both agreed to have Richard put his name on it in order for Trisha to get a larger athletic scholarship due to being on the swimming team at Northwestern University. Trisha watched as the judge spoke at the end of the final day of the trial. \"Mr. Kimble, having considered all the facts in this case and that the offense was brutal, indicative of unwarranted cruelty, it's the judgment of this court that you be remanded to Illinois State Penitentiary in Menard where you will await execution by lethal injection, the date to be set forth by the attorney general of this state,\" said the judge. An audible gasp could be heard throughout the courtroom from a few of Richard's friends from Chicago Memorial. Trisha, in an effort to keep herself from showing the people in the courtroom any emotions, focused so hard on remaining composed that she accidently bit down on her tongue hard enough to draw blood. \"May God have mercy on your soul,\" said the judge. Trisha swallowed the blood in her mouth as the judge swung the gavel down.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2- Dog vs. Cat, Cat vs. Puppy A bus crash. A train derailment. A fugitive jumping off a dam. Deputy U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard didn't think he'd seen this much action in an entire month before, let alone less than a week. Now, after a raid that had almost cost the life of his youngest deputy, they were all at the office trying to figure out where to go in their hunt of Richard Kimble. \"We should use his niece to lure him out, said Sam. \"He has family?\" asked Noah. \"Yeah, it came in on the background,\" said Poole. \"Her name's Trisha, she's 21 and goes to Northwestern.\" \"College, huh? I remember those days,\" said Cosmo. \"Shut up,\" said Sam. Noah grabbed the file and read it over, then frowned. \"Her parents are deceased, can't we use one of his colleagues?\" asked Noah. \"No, Trisha will do whatever it takes to keep her uncle from getting the needle,\" said Sam. \"We're gonna use her to get him.\" \"How? I mean, the kid may be a smarty but if she thinks cooperating with us means attending yet another funeral she'll shut down,\" said Biggs. Sam rolled his eyes, unsure as to why his \"kids\" seemed to care about the wellbeing of a college student that may or may not be harboring a fugitive. \"It doesn't say in the file what happened to them; only that they died in 1982,\" said Noah. \"I think it was a plane crash, but I could be wrong,\" said Cosmo. \"It was,\" said Sam. The rest of the Marshals stared at him. \"All three of them were on a plane from Los Angeles, and when the plane landed at O'Hare it collided with a smaller plane that was still on the runway and caught fire,\" said Sam. \"My guess is that they had planned to visit Richard Kimble.\" \"So how did it happen?\" asked Cosmo. \"Talked to a buddy of mine at the NTSB last night; and he told me that the air traffic controller forgot the smaller plane was still there when the controller cleared the plane Trisha and her parents were on to land on that same runway,\" said Sam. \"Everyone on the smaller aircraft died, only 20 people on the larger passenger plane survived.\" \"Said on the background she lived with Kimble and his wife prior to enrolling in Northwestern and living on campus, albeit going back during breaks,\" said Poole. \"Course she went back during breaks, its college,\" said Cosmo. Sam rolled his eyes, and then it occurred to him. Why go in like the big dog when sending in a puppy would do? \"Newman!\" \"Boss?\" said Noah. \"I want you and Cosmo to go to Evanston, find out everything about Trisha and if Kimble has been spotted in the area,\" said Sam. \"Be charming, Newman – maybe if you flirt with her enough she'll tell you everything we need to know.\" Noah and Cosmo both stared at Sam as if he'd grown a second head, but left anyway. As the men arrived on campus, it became apparent that it was going to take a while to find one young woman in a sea of students due to the size of Northwestern. The campus was huge, they were lost, and it seemed like no one was in a hurry to help them as they drove aimlessly around looking for where Trisha Kimble might be. After the sixth person they talked to said he had no idea who Trisha even was, Cosmo slammed the brakes and parked the car. \"This is nuts! I was never this ignorant towards law enforcement during my college days!\" said Cosmo. \"He might've seen the news, but may not know her personally,\" said Noah. \"It's later in the day; we might have better luck at the library.\" \"Why didn't I think of that?\" said Cosmo. The two drove towards the library for the undergraduate students and walked inside. It was quiet, save for the sounds of footsteps across the floor and fingers typing on the keyboards of computers. They eventually found a student shelving books, and talked to her. \"I don't really know Trisha, but she comes here a lot to study and do homework,\" said the girl. \"Usually if the girls in her sorority are partying too much, because she's on the Division 1 swimming team and she doesn't like to turn her stuff in late. The professors allow it due to student athletes having to travel for away games, but she's a stickler for turning things in on time.\" \"She here now?\" asked Cosmo. \"No, probably back at whatever sorority house she lives at,\" said the girl. \"I don't know which one, though. Sorry.\" They also showed the girl Kimble's picture, but she said she hadn't seen him. They drove to a different section of campus, where large houses baring Greek lettered signage caught their attention. A male college student running around in the road immediately ran up to the Marshals' car, and vomited all over the windshield. Cosmo slammed the breaks, but the student kept vomiting. \"YUCK!\" yelled Cosmo. \"YUCK!\" \"Damnit Ralph! Stop being an idiot!\" a voice yelled. A girl ran over as Cosmo went to turn on the wipers. However, she gestured for him not to do it. Unsure of what to expect, Cosmo parked the car and the marshals got out. They saw a tall redhead, who glared at the vomiting boy. \"Ralph did this to the detectives who were harassing my friend last year, I tried to beat him here but it looks like I'm too late,\" said the redhead. \"I'm Dana, by the way.\" \"Deputy Renfroe, this is Deputy Newman, U.S. Marshals,\" said Cosmo. Dana's eyes narrowed. \"I know why you two are here, be nice,\" said Dana. \"You know Trisha then,\" said Noah. \"Yeah, since freshman year,\" said Dana. \"The two detectives that came by last year actually had her so upset she got sick later that week, so be nice.\" Dana led the two marshals across the street to one of the sorority houses. \"Why the hell did he do that to the car?\" said Cosmo. \"He's been trying to get in her pants – it's not working,\" said Dana. She led them to a couch and told them to sit. As the marshals waited for Dana to get Trisha, it was obvious from the looks they were getting from the other girls in the house that they weren't welcome. \"Why won't they just leave me alone?\" Trisha slammed her textbook shut in frustration as she struggled to keep her emotions in check. She couldn't break in front of the marshals – she refused to let them see her as someone they could crack open like an egg. \"One of them is really cute,\" said Dana. \"Change your clothes.\" \"Why?\" \"You're wearing a baggy sweatshirt, that's why,\" said Dana. She grabbed a dark green halter top out of the closet they shared and tossed it to Trisha. \"And this is better?\" said Trisha. \"Yeah, distract him with your cleavage!\" said Dana. Trisha tried not to laugh as she put on the top. She doubted this would work. The marshals heard giggling, and footsteps. They wondered what was taking the girls so long. Trisha peered around and caught site of the two marshals sitting on the couch. Sure enough, one of them appeared to only be a few years older than she was. \"Too easy,\" Dana whispered. \"I'll go on ahead.\" Trisha heard Dana go down the stairs and tell the marshals that Trisha was right behind her, that she had wanted to change her clothes. The brunette waited a few seconds, then followed. \"I'm Deputy Renfroe this is Deputy Newman, U.S. Marshals,\" said Cosmo. Trisha looked at Noah for a moment. \"Pity – you're cute,\" said Trisha. \"Who, me?\" said Cosmo. \"You wish, Deputy Renfroe,\" said Trisha. Dana and a few other girls snickered. Noah blushed, causing Cosmo to roll his eyes. \"Sorry about the wait, I was in my PJs when you two showed up,\" said Trisha. \"I didn't want to talk to the two of you dressed like that. I assume you're here about my uncle so let's cut to the chase. What do you want?\" \"We'd like to know if you've seen him since he escaped the prison transfer,\" said Noah. \"I haven't, and he didn't kill my aunt,\" said Trisha. \"He's innocent.\" Cosmo opened his mouth to say something, but Trisha interrupted. \"Save it, Deputy,\" said Trisha. \"I know what you're gonna say – you're gonna ask me to cooperate, to help you find him and turn him in. I had to deal with this song and dance last year, and I'm not gonna pull a Judas on my only living relative.\" \"We're gonna need some copies of your class schedule in case we need to talk to you during the day,\" said Noah. \"I'm alright with that, but there's no way I'm riding in the vomit-mobile to the library to make copies of it for you and the rest of your team,\" said Trisha. \"We need to go with you,\" said Cosmo. \"I'm more than willing to do that but my car only seats two people including me, so I can only take one of you,\" said Trisha. \"With all due respect, Deputy Renfroe, I can't stand the smell of your cologne. Is it alright if Deputy Newman comes with me?\" Cosmo nodded, but wasn't nuts about it. It was a few minutes before Trisha had her keys and her coat, but she was ready quickly. Noah followed Trisha outside to a black sports car. \"Mazda MX-5,\" said Trisha. Noah noticed the car had a hard top, which wasn't standard. \"It's not supposed to have a hard top, how'd you get it like that?\" \"It was a graduation gift for me back in high school and my uncle was concerned about my safety and the Illinois weather, so he paid extra money for that,\" said Trisha. \"It retracts, but with the weather being this yucky I'm not putting it down right now.\" They got in. He noticed two back seats, but with no room for an adult. Cosmo would not have fit, and knowing him he probably would've complained. \"Luckily for us the library is open pretty late,\" said Trisha as she started the car. They took off, with Trisha trying to hide her emotions from the marshal. \"Are you okay?\" asked Noah. \"Why do you care?\" \"I know what it's like not to have a family,\" said Noah. Trisha glanced at him for a moment, as if she wanted to say something – but the look on her face was one that told Noah she was afraid to let her guard down. \"Ever been to three funerals before you turned 21?\" said Trisha. \"Can't say I have,\" said Noah. \"I'll be going to a fourth after this all ends,\" said Trisha. \"Freakin' judge sentenced him to death, so after this is over…\" Her voice trailed off as she parked the car. \"We're here. I'll be right back. I'll keep the car running for you, this cold weather is nasty,\" said Trisha. She ran out before Noah could say anything. He could tell that her reluctance was more out of a fear of losing yet another person she cared about, and not just being the way Nichols had been – according to Sam, Nichols and the rest of Kimble's former colleagues had all shut the marshals down earlier that day. Trisha came back ten minutes later. \"I made ten copies, will that be enough?\" \"Yeah, thank you,\" said Noah. Trisha started the car and the pair set off for the sorority house. \"Is your boss gonna prevent me from leaving the state?\" asked Trisha. \"I'm only asking because I got a couple more medical schools I need to interview with and it just occurred to me that with everything going on, some of the people on your team might not want to allow it.\" \"It shouldn't be an issue, but I don't know,\" said Noah. Trisha sighed. To Noah, it appeared the young woman had the weight of the entire world on her shoulders and if he didn't change the subject, it was going to be a long car ride back to the sorority house. \"Did you mean what you said earlier?\" asked Noah. \"I said a lot of things earlier,\" said Trisha. \"About it being a pity I was cute,\" said Noah. Trisha giggled and the marshal wondered just how long it'd been since she'd laughed like that. \"Deputy, it really is a pity because the timing sucks!\" said Trisha. \"Call me Noah,\" said Noah. \"Okay, Noah,\" said Trisha. She didn't say anything else, not even as they arrived back at the house and she parked the car. It wasn't until they exited the car that she spoke again. \"He got called into the OR for an emergency. I tried to tell the detectives and they didn't believe me,\" said Trisha. \"Said that because I was family I'd say anything, but I was in the car when he got the call from the hospital to go and scrub in.\" Noah believed her, but he couldn't help but wonder why a pair of detectives hadn't. He would have to tell Sam about this. As they walked towards the sorority house, Trisha almost slipped on some ice but Noah caught her before she fell. \"Thanks,\" said Trisha. Blushing, she unlocked the door and they went inside to discover several sorority girls doing tequila shots, running around and tossing a pair of pants to each other. \"Damnit!\" Cosmo yelled. \"Give me back my credentials! Give me back my pants!\" Noah stared at Trisha, whose face appeared surprised. \"Did you know about this?\" asked Noah. \"No, I did not. I'm the Gamma Phi Beta president; if I tell them to stop they have to listen to me,\" said Trisha. \"Tell them to stop, then,\" said Noah. Trisha ran upstairs then came back down with an air horn. Holding it above her head, she pressed the button and an irritating noise filled the room, causing everyone to stop what they were doing and cover their ears. Satisfied, Trisha set the air horn down on a nearby table. Noah then noticed one of the other girls stuff something down Trisha's shirt. \"Eeek! What was that?!\" Trisha yelled. \"I think those were my credentials,\" said Cosmo. \"Damnit.\" \"Give Deputy Renfroe back his pants, now,\" said Trisha. She ran into a bathroom and reappeared a few minutes later with Cosmo's credentials in her hand. As she gave them back to him, she noticed he had lipstick marks all over him as well as a couple hickeys. Snickering, she went back over to Noah. \"You have more people in your corner than you think,\" said Noah. \"I didn't ask for pants-less insanity. Thank you for listening to me earlier,\" said Trisha. \"What happens now?\" \"I'll have to tell my boss what you told me. What happens after, I'm not sure,\" said Noah. \"It's okay Noah,\" said Trisha. \"I'm like a cat; I always land on my feet.\" \"Newman! Let's get out of here!\" said Cosmo. The marshals left.[Chapter 3] A/N: Finally figured out how to get line breaks to work, so I'll have to edit the last 2 chapters for that. Also, sorry that this update has been late, real life really got in the way. I've been trying to find work post-college, and it's been a pain. But writing, luckily, keeps me sane. Chapter 3- Shenanigans \"Why the hell was she calling you by your first name?\" said Cosmo. \"She's playing you, Noah!\" \"She was truthful, and I got actual information,\" said Noah. \"All you got is lipstick on your face.\" \"I think he likes you,\" said Dana. \"Whatever, just give me that bottle will ya?\" said Trisha. \"This whole mess has me needing a drink.\" Trisha took the bottle and drank until the tequila burned her throat. \"That's better. Now I'm going to bed. Ya'll better not be stealing anymore pants now,\" said Trisha. The girls laughed as Trisha went upstairs and fell asleep in her clothes, the exhaustion and grief wearing her out. The next day had Trisha awake to a hangover. \"Never drinking tequila again,\" Trisha muttered. \"Yeah, good idea,\" said Dana. \"Shut up,\" said Trisha. \"We have swim practice,\" said Dana. \"C'mon.\"` \"What the hell happened here?\" \"Crazy people, Sam,\" said Noah. \"Lots of crazy people.\" \"I want to question that girl, put phone taps on the sorority house, set up a camp by the sorority house, and wire her car. You said she had – \" \"She's taking off!\" Noah yelled. \"What?!\" \"Yeah, there they go!\" said Noah. \"Move over, kid,\" said Sam. \"I'm driving.\" Trisha glanced outside as Dana drove the car. It was still early morning, and many people had yet to even wake up. \"Dude, I think we're being followed,\" said Dana. \"Probably some of the other girls at the house,\" said Trisha. Gamma Phi Beta was the only sorority on campus whose membership was comprised entirely of female student athletes. It was the only reason Trisha had even rushed with Dana back during their freshman year, as she had realized the girls would be understanding when it came to her crazy schedule. They also believed Richard was innocent, even though they had never declared as such – why else would several of them have resorted to stealing that poor deputy's pants? It was that kind of devotion she would never forget. \"No, sweets – the other two on the team left already, it's an unmarked cruiser,\" said Dana. \"Probably those marshals from last night.\" \"You're kidding,\" said Trisha. Dana peeked in the rearview mirror. \"Nope, I'm not. The cutie from last night and some old dude. The old dude is driving, this ought to be fun.\" \"Dana, no,\" said Trisha. \"You're not doing this in my car.\" \"He can learn how a Texan gets shit done around here,\" said Dana. \"Tighten your seatbelt.\" Sam was about to make a turn when the black car in front of him suddenly stopped short. \"What the hell?!\" the senior deputy shouted. The black car then sped off. \"I think we got made, Sam,\" said Noah. \"Really,\" Sam said sarcastically. They resumed following the black Mazda, when it stopped short again and the driver blared the horn. Noah watched as Trisha poked her head out the passenger side window, a sheepish expression on her face. Dana put the car back in gear and headed for the gymnasium. \"Suck off, assholes!\" Dana yelled. \"Are you crazy?!\" Trisha yelled. \"I'm adopted, how the hell am I supposed to know if I was predisposed to crazy?!\" \"You're terrible,\" said Trisha. \"Ah, whatever. You still love me,\" said Dana. The girls laughed until they arrived at the gym. Their coach, Amanda Skeeter, was waiting for them. \"Sorry, we had to lose a couple idiots,\" said Dana. \"They were tailgating us.\" \"Fine by me, just get changed and do some warm-up laps,\" said Skeeter. Trisha and Dana wasted no time changing into their swimsuits. By the time they left the changing rooms to join their fellow teammates by the pool, however, Coach Skeeter appeared to be in a heated argument with someone. \"That's the guy from earlier,\" Dana whispered. \"Shut up, let's just do some laps and pretend he's not there,\" said Trisha. Since they were also wearing bathing caps and swim goggles, it was easy to slip into the pool and join the rest of the team while remaining unnoticed by the marshals. However, things didn't remain quiet for long. Trisha noticed Noah approaching the lane where she was swimming, so she stopped in the shallow end. \"Who is that?\" Trisha asked. \"Deputy Samuel Gerard, my boss,\" said Noah. \"Yuck,\" said Trisha. \"You don't have a choice, he has questions,\" said Noah. \"He shouldn't have pissed off Coach Skeeter then, I've never seen her this mad,\" said Trisha. \"What the hell are they arguing about?\" \"He told her he wanted you yanked off the team due to a couple away games being out of state and she practically exploded in his face,\" said Noah. \"Seriously? He actually thinks me leaving the state of Illinois is an issue? What the hell is his problem?!\" Trisha yelled. A splash at the far end of the pool soon caught the entire team's attention, and eventually all the students began roaring with laughter. \"Did that… really… just… happen?\" said Dana between fits of laughter. \"What happened?\" said Trisha. \"Skeeter just pushed him into the pool,\" said Dana. \"Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy,\" Trisha spat. Noah watched as Sam got out of the pool, an angry look on the older marshal's face as he searched to make sure his credentials and gun weren't at the bottom of the pool. They weren't – however, the same couldn't be said for his handcuffs. They had fallen off his jacket and were now at the bottom of the swimming pool. \"One of you go get my cuffs – now!\" \"Why, so you can arrest our coach?\" one of the girls sneered. \"She assaulted me!\" Sam yelled. \"I don't care!\" the girl yelled. Sam glared at her. \"Aww, the widdle baby got wet and wants to go on a power trip,\" another girl sniggered. \"BABY! BABY!\" The chant echoed throughout the entire swimming complex as Dana found a cigar floating on top of the water. \"Finders keepers,\" Dana whispered. \"No, Dana,\" said Trisha. \"Hey, all I gotta do is blow-dry it and it'll be good as new.\" \"Yeah, and I'll be the one in trouble for it so give it up,\" said Trisha. \"Yeah, you're right – he's an asshole,\" said Dana. She handed the cigar to Trisha, who handed it to Noah. \"What Dana said about blow-drying them will probably work, her brothers taught her that trick,\" said Trisha. \"I'll let Sam know, thanks,\" said Noah. He brought the cigar back over to Sam, who had at that point decided not to arrest Skeeter for the stunt she had pulled. The older deputy was more embarrassed than anything, and the chants of \"BABY!\" weren't helping the situation. Besides, the marshals had bigger fish to fry as it had occurred to Sam that Richard Kimble had probably gone to Trisha's swim meets, and had probably seen the entire swim team in action. Had the surgeon surviving the fall not been a matter of sheer luck after all? \"Go ask her which of the girls on the team are the divers,\" said Sam. Noah nodded. Trisha had gotten out of the pool and was about to head to the smaller dive pool when she noticed Noah walking back over. She quickened her pace towards the smaller pool, not wanting to be bothered. She felt more than a little self-conscious in her swimsuit due to a scar she had on her left leg that, while it had gotten smaller as she had grown up, was still noticeable if she didn't have a tan, like during the winter months. Unfortunately, despite the fact that it was almost March, Illinois was known for having notoriously long winters. \"Trisha?\" Noah's voice was enough to bring the young woman to a standstill. \"What is it?\" asked Trisha. \"A couple things. First of all, is your coach always that nasty?\" \"No, but a few of the girls came down with mono and the fact someone came here and tried to demand that she relinquish yet another girl – and one who isn't sick or injured – just made her even more mad,\" said Trisha. \"That, and Detective Kelly tried to harass me during practice last year.\" \"What do you mean by 'tried'?\" \"She threatened to call the campus police on his ass if she ever saw him on campus again,\" said Trisha. Noah laughed. He stopped, however, when he noticed Trisha wasn't laughing with him. She just stood there, waiting for the other shoe to drop. \"Sam wants to know which of your fellow teammates are the divers,\" said Noah. \"I'm one of them, if that helps. Does your boss need me to show off? Skeeter says I'm the best one on the team,\" said Trisha. \"There's three other girls who dive, two of them are currently down with the kissing disease, so I got a feeling Skeeter will soon ban us all from having boyfriends.\" Ten minutes later, Sam and Noah watched as Trisha and one of the other girls on the team, Bonnie, executed some dives off the one and three meter diving boards. \"Mono?\" Mono?!\" Sam hissed. \"I got dunked over a bunch of kissing jerks?!\" \"Yeah, I don't think Trisha saw that one coming,\" Noah whispered. \"I went over her schedule, she's a double major and the athletics? I'm surprised she gets any sleep!\" \"Tail her everywhere, until we know where Kimble intends to go,\" said Sam. \"In the meantime, we're gonna get a phone tap on the sorority house and set up camp\" \"That might not work, Sam,\" said Noah. \"There's 30 girls who live in that house, I'm willing to bet a few of them have parents who will challenge a phone tap to weed out a relative of one inhabitant.\" \"You let me worry about nosy parents, kid,\" said Sam. \"Just follow the girl. She may not know where Kimble is right now but she'll lead us to him whether she wants to or not.\" As Trisha surfaced from yet another dive, a hooting noise permeated the area. Looking up, she noticed it was none other than Ralph. Rolling her eyes, she climbed out of the pool. \"What the hell do you want?\" \"To see you,\" said Ralph. \"Well, I don't wanna see you so get lost,\" said Trisha. \"Why?\" \"I don't wanna sleep with you, that's why!\" Trisha yelled. Her annoyed voice caught Dana's attention, and the redhead sprang out of the larger pool and was immediately at her best friend's side. \"Beat it or I'll beat you!\" Dana yelled, her hands balling into fists. \"Nice try, baby. I wrestle, you'd lose,\" said Ralph. \"Stop trying to make me another notch on your belt, I'm not interested,\" said Trisha. \"Least I'm no liar.\" \"What the hell are you talking about?\" said Trisha. \"The lawman over there? He's only using you to put your uncle in jail. That's the notch on his belt,\" said Ralph. Smirking, the wrestler left. Unfortunately, the damage was done. Trisha felt a horrible uneasiness at having talked to Noah. Just how badly had she betrayed the only living family member she had left? Unsure of what to do and knowing Skeeter wouldn't let the deputies follow; she immediately took off for the locker room. After she looked around and realized she was alone, she allowed what Ralph said to sink in and punched one of the lockers.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4- Sparks? If the last thirteen months had taught her anything, it was that emotions and familial bonds were weapons that could be used against her. Trisha Kimble wasn't certain how much more ammunition she should provide anyone. Her hand throbbing, she emerged from the locker room and dove into the lap pool to retrieve the handcuffs. It was later that day when the phone in the sorority house rang. One of the girls, a sophomore, ran to pick it up. \"Trisha! It's for you!\" \"Who is it?\" asked Trisha. \"Hopkins!\" Trisha leaped from the couch and ran to the phone. A couple of the girls watched as Trisha spoke to the person on the other end of the line. \"I'll be there in three days, I am looking forward to it,\" said Trisha. The call ended and Trisha turned to look at the girls, a grin on her face. It was at that moment that Dana chose to walk in. \"What'd I miss?\" \"John Hopkins School of Medicine called, they want to interview me!\" said Trisha. \"Awesome!\" said Dana. A few of the other girls hollered with excitement. \"Shit, you gotta book a flight,\" said Dana. \"Want me to come with?\" A couple of the other girls volunteered to fly down with Trisha, but she immediately turned down their offers. \"I appreciate it but you guys have no idea how expensive airfare is,\" said Trisha. \"And what about those pain in the ass marshals?\" said another girl. \"Ewww, I forgot about them,\" said Dana. \"Ewwww.\" \"Crap. I might not even be able to go,\" said Trisha. \"Maybe the cute one will help you out,\" said Dana. \"I think he likes you, Trisha.\" The other girls snickered. Trisha sat in the car of the L train, nervous as the means of transport rolled closer to Chicago. Trains didn't bother her. Rather, what was bothering her was tonight's current destination. \"Least you got back-up,\" said Dana. \"I guess,\" said Trisha. \"Deputy Gerard doesn't seem like a nice person, though. He doesn't give two shits about anyone but himself and being a fuckin' cowboy.\" \"Still don't like cowboys?\" \"I like cowgirls enough,\" said Trisha. \"Good, 'cuz I am one,\" said Dana. \"It's my brother's loss you know – looking down on you 'cuz you have money. I know you don't have it easy and he's too thick to see it.\" \"Is that why you literally kicked him in the ass last summer?\" \"Yep,\" said Dana. \"If anyone was bein' a snob it was him.\" The two friends laughed as the train eventually reached a station close to the U.S. Marshals' office. \"I might need a drink when this is over,\" said Trisha. \"To celebrate or drown our sorrows?\" \"Depends on what the marshals say,\" said Trisha. Cosmo and Biggs were looking through some files when they heard the familiar ding of the elevator. They looked up and watched as two women in their early twenties exited the elevator. \"Cripes, that's Trisha!\" Cosmo whispered. \"Who's that with her?\" asked Biggs. \"Dana Wesson, she's Trisha's best friend I think,\" said Cosmo. \"You think?\" \"She doesn't seem to like anyone with a badge, except for the kid,\" said Cosmo. The two marshals watched as both girls walked over to them. They appeared to be on a mission of sorts. Whatever it was, Cosmo and Biggs were about to find out – both college students were standing in front of their desks. \"I need to go to Baltimore later this week for an interview at John Hopkins, is that going to be a problem?\" said Trisha. \"You're gonna have to talk to Gerard about that,\" said Cosmo. Trisha turned to Dana and muttered something about perhaps just turning the interview down, which Dana tried to talk her out of. Noah, who was drinking coffee nearby, overheard them talking and walked over. \"I'll show you guys where his office is, don't worry,\" said Noah. \"That's not what I'm worried about!\" said Trisha. \"The man didn't exactly strike me as flexible this morning!\" \"Kid, I think your girlfriend's right,\" said Cosmo. \"She's not my girlfriend!\" \"Whatever you say, kid.\" Noah led the pair of friends to Sam's office. \"I know you're trying to helpful, but I don't think he's gonna let me go,\" Trisha whispered. \"What I don't understand, is why you didn't bring up your athletics back when you brought this stuff up,\" said Noah. \"My Division I days are almost over, the swim and dive season concludes in a few weeks and it's my senior year so that's that. Medical school, on the other hand, this is what I've been working towards almost my entire life,\" said Trisha. \"I've wanted to become a doctor since I was 13, and if I can't go to an interview at a medical school that's one less option I have after I graduate in June.\" \"I thought colleges had their graduation ceremonies in May.\" \"Northwestern runs on quarters instead of semesters, so our graduation is later,\" said Dana. \"Which reminds me, I'll have to give you guys a new schedule when spring quarter starts,\" said Trisha. \"I – I swear I'm not trying to be difficult.\" Noah couldn't help but notice how nervous she was. He wanted to tell her it would be okay but like the elusive doctor they were trying to catch, Trisha was smart – smart enough to know how unpredictable Sam could be. After all, the man had almost blown off Noah's right ear shooting another fugitive from the very same bus crash that Dr. Kimble had escaped from. \"You want me to go in with you?\" asked Noah. \"You don't have to do that,\" said Trisha. \"I want to.\" \"Okay,\" said Trisha. \"Don't worry girlie,\" said Dana. \"If the cowboy says no, I'll just challenge him to a duel.\" Noah snickered. He couldn't help it. What kind of duel could a co-ed possibly try to wage against his boss? Unsure what to think of the evil glint shining in Dana's brown eyes, he knocked on the door to Sam's office. \"Come in,\" said Sam. The three of them filed in, Noah unsure if he should let Dana in but the look on her face clearly stated she wasn't about to let Trisha deal with Sam alone. \"What the hell is this?!\" said Sam. \"I – I got a call from John Hopkins School of Medicine earlier today, and they would like me to go down there for an interview,\" said Trisha. \"If I am unable to go, there's a very good chance I will get rejected off the bat and I'd like a fair shot at getting in.\" \"Where's the campus located?\" asked Sam. \"Baltimore, Maryland,\" said Trisha. Sam was about to say no when he noticed the look Noah was giving him. \"What?!\" \"Sam, if I may,\" said Noah. \"If you don't okay this, we won't have a good chance of getting Kimble anymore.\" \"How the hell not?!\" \"Like it or not she's our best shot at getting him, you said as much at the pool this morning,\" said Noah. \"If we let her go she might cooperate with us in the future.\" \"She'll try to meet with him in Baltimore!\" \"No, I won't,\" said Trisha. \"I don't believe you!\" \"I won't have enough time,\" said Trisha. \"Prove it,\" said Sam. \"The interview is on Saturday,\" said Trisha. \"My last class gets out Friday morning at 10:50 A.M. From there I plan to fly out of Chicago during the afternoon or evening depending on what's available for flights, check into a hotel, sleep. Saturday morning I'll have to get to the campus. I was told over the phone that I'll be eating breakfast with a couple med students, touring the campus, having my interview then touring the hospital. I'm planning to fly back Sunday morning if possible because I don't want to miss class.\" \"What about between all of that?\" said Sam. \"I'm a double major in Chemistry and Mathematics, so I'll be doing homework at the hotel between all of that,\" said Trisha. \"Don't forget to eat and sleep!\" Dana whispered. \"Oh – I forget to do that sometimes,\" said Trisha sheepishly. Dana shook her head. \"Alright, you can go – but, I'm sending one of the marshals with you,\" said Sam. \"Thank you,\" said Trisha. She could care less if he thought she needed a babysitter – it was better than being unable to go at all. \"I'd like to volunteer to escort Trisha to Baltimore,\" said Noah. Dana was about to smirk when Trisha stepped on her foot. Luckily, the two girls had a desk between them and Sam's line of sight. \"Good, you just saved me the trouble of asking Cosmo to do it,\" said Sam.[Chapter 5] A/N: So, I wanted to fit all the Baltimore stuff into one chapter. It took too long. Here's part one, I hope to have some reviews after I get off work tonight. Chapter 5- Baltimore, Part I Noah left Sam's office with Trisha and Dana. \"What were you planning?\" asked Noah. \"I wasn't planning anything,\" said Trisha. \"I was talking to Dana.\" \"My dad's a Texas Ranger, he taught me how to shoot and I can out-shoot all four of my brothers and him,\" said Dana. \"So, it's a safe bet that if I had challenged your boss to a target shooting contest, I'd have won.\" Cosmo, who had overheard Dana, rolled his eyes. \"Bullshit, you can't shoot you're a girl,\" said Cosmo. Dana noticed Deputy Poole shoot such a nasty look at Cosmo that if looks could've killed, Cosmo would've fallen to the floor, dead. Dana couldn't help it – she burst into laughter, maniacal laughter, and Trisha immediately grabbed her best friend by the arm and dragged her to the elevator. \"I'd say the only one able to control that girl is the one we're tailing,\" said Biggs. \"Kid, I'd be careful if I were you if that girl is able to shoot as well as she claims.\" \"I'm not worried, she seems to knock off the shenanigans if Trisha tells her stop,\" said Noah. \"She seems to?\" said Poole. \"She's the one who got the others to steal my pants!\" Cosmo yelled. \"Trisha and the kid went to print off her class schedule, next thing I know I'm bein' hog-tied and they took my credentials and my pants!\" \"Cosmo, I thought you enjoyed that,\" said Poole. The marshals had a laugh at his expense until Sam exited his office, and they then decided to be quiet before he yelled at them. Back at the sorority house, Trisha and Dana talked in the kitchen of the sorority house. \"I'm gonna have to call O'Hare, and since you're VP I'll need you to cover for me while I'm gone,\" said Trisha. \"Any instructions?\" asked Dana, a mischievous grin on her face. \"Don't slack off on your research project, Pele.\" Dana stuck her tongue out at Trisha, the former having taken two quarters of independent research in the Earth Sciences department in order to do a research project on volcanoes. Dana wanted to be a volcanologist, which was a career that was as exciting as it was dangerous. \"Other than that?\" asked Dana. \"Keep any mail that comes for me, and let me know if anyone calls,\" said Trisha. \"Who would call you? I thought Hopkins was the last school.\" \"Uncle Richard,\" Trisha whispered. \"Oh,\" said Dana. \"That. Don't worry, if I get any calls I'll tell you about them when you get back. Why don't you go call O'Hare, and I'll call a meeting with the other girls on the E-board.\" Dana gathered the girls who held the various other Executive Board titles in Gamma Phi Beta while Trisha called O'Hare to schedule a flight to Baltimore. Friday came before Trisha was prepared for the day to arrive. She was up early for both swim practice and classes, which did nothing to prepare her for the jitters coursing through her stomach. Trisha hated flying. Before the plane crash, she had enjoyed flying because it meant going someplace great. Now, it was simply one to two hours of feeling terrified that something would go wrong. For some people, that time would be longer but if being afraid to fly was an issue for someone who had to book a flight to interview at various medical schools, flying took half the time it normally would have than if she was still living in California. The morning passed far too fast for Trisha and soon she and Dana were loading her suitcase into her car and driving to Noyce Station. It was the closest station to Northwestern University, which caused Trisha to remember the night Helen died. \"I would've gone home that night if you hadn't called, I should've gone home that night anyway,\" said Trisha. \"Then you'd be dead too,\" said Dana. \"Least Uncle Richard would be a free man, he had no motive to hurt me,\" said Trisha. \"You should tell Noah about that,\" said Dana. As Trisha rode on the L train, the snow began to come down – hard. Her flight would probably be delayed, at best. Cancelled at worst, but she had never had a flight cancelled due to weather yet. She got to Balpo Station, which sat in the middle of three different lines – the purple, red, and blue lines – and got off the train she had been on in order to transfer to the blue line so she could get to O'Hare Airport. She was also meeting up with Noah here, and wanted to find him before the next train arrived. However, finding him apparently wasn't as easy as she thought it would be. Neither the handsome man nor his distinctive ponytail were anywhere to be seen; and a train whizzed by as if mocking her inability to find Noah so they could get to the airport. \"Damnit!\" \"Trisha, I'm here!\" She turned around and saw him. \"Sorry, I've been here eight months and I still keep getting lost,\" said Noah. \"Only eight months? I didn't think you were a rookie,\" said Trisha. \"Surprise,\" said Noah. Another train showed up and stopped. The two of them got on and didn't get off until the train reached the station next to O'Hare. As they went inside the airport, they noticed the snow was coming down even harder. \"Eeeek!\" said Trisha. \"Don't you like snow?\" said Noah. \"Not when I'm about to fly, I don't!\" They meandered their way through the busy airport and found the terminal where their flight was. Sure enough, while they were allowed to board the plane there was a delay because their plane, along with several others, had to be de-iced before being allowed to take off. The flight attendants walked up and down the aisle of the plane, passing bottled water to passengers during the delay that lasted an hour. However, that hour was over before Trisha had a chance to prepare herself and the plane was soon rolling down the runway. \"Crap!\" Trisha muttered. Luckily, the takeoff went smoothly and Trisha found herself able to calm down a little once the plane steadied itself. \"You okay?\" asked Noah. \"Not really,\" said Trisha. Noah reached over and took her hand in his. \"You don't have to go through this alone, ok?\" \"Thank you, Noah,\" Trisha whispered. They held hands for the rest of the flight, until the plane landed at BWI Airport. Trisha was more than relieved to be back on solid ground, and went with Noah so they could search for their luggage. They soon found both their respective suitcases and made their way towards a light rail station near the airport. \"Can I ask you something?\" said Trisha. \"Okay.\" \"Why did Sam say you saved him the trouble of asking Cosmo to go with me?\" \"Cosmo is good at what he does, but he complains – a lot,\" said Noah. Trisha laughed. It was a beautiful laugh, one that sounded like music. \"He doesn't like flying either, always worries he'll lose his luggage,\" said Noah. \"What's his deal? I have an actual reason not to like it,\" said Trisha. Noah smiled as the two of them boarded a train. \"Sam wasn't too happy when I told him about the hotel you picked,\" said Noah. \"Why?\" \"It's in the Inner Harbor, it's expensive, and guess who has to pay for it?\" \"I figured he'd have to,\" said Trisha. \"I tried to get a cheaper one, but they were all either full or in sketchy neighborhoods. Would he rather have had to explain to his boss why we were butchered and our organs sold to the highest bidders?\" \"That's disgusting,\" said Noah. Trisha giggled, unable to resist the urge to laugh at the look on Noah's face. After transferring to the Baltimore Metro, the pair eventually arrived at the hotel and made their way to their respective rooms, Noah's being across from Trisha's. 2 Hours Later Trisha had hung up her clothes and was about to shower when she heard someone knocking on her door. Looking through the peephole, she saw that it was Noah and let him in. When he saw she was wearing nothing but a bathrobe, his face turned the color of raspberries. \"What's got you tongue-tied, deputy?\" asked Trisha, knowing full well what the answer was. \"Why aren't you wearing clothes?!\" \"I was about to take a shower,\" said Trisha. \"I'd rather not go to my interview tomorrow smelling like an airport.\" Noah nodded, not really able to say much. \"I ruined your plan to question me about my Uncle Richard's whereabouts, didn't I?\" \"Yeah…\" said Noah. \"Sorry,\" said Trisha. \"I haven't heard from him at all, much less seen him. I've had too much schoolwork to get into the city lately.\" \"I believe that.\" \"Now I'm really glad you're here and not Cosmo, we both know he'd have bent me over on the couch by now after seeing me like this,\" said Trisha. \"He better not!\" said Noah. Was it her imagination, or had her joke about Cosmo's womanizing antics in pertinence to her current state of dress made Noah mad? She hoped not, that was the last thing she wanted. \"Relax, he's not my type,\" said Trisha. \"I really do need to take a shower though.\" Trisha went into the bathroom. When Noah heard the water running, he went through her suitcase but it was mostly empty save for her plane ticket back to Chicago. Seeing a manila folder on the table next to the bed, he flipped through it but realized there was nothing pertinent to the case – the entire folder was information Trisha had written about stuff that might be brought up during her interview tomorrow. Noah hastily put the folder back on the table and waited for Trisha to emerge from the bathroom. She eventually did, wearing pajamas this time. \"I'm just glad this is the last interview I have to do, because I'm starting to get a little nervous,\" said Trisha. \"I think they'd be fools to reject you,\" said Noah. \"Why didn't you apply anywhere close to Chicago?\" \"I wanted to get out of my uncle's shadow, it was a decision he and I made before…\" her voice trailed off as she struggled to hold tears back, the memory of her aunt Helen's death fresh in her mind. \"I'm sorry, that wasn't my intention,\" said Noah. \"It's okay,\" said Trisha. \"He and I decided it was better if I was somewhere where his friends couldn't constantly compare me to him when I began my clinical rotations during my third year.\" \"That doesn't actually happen, does it? People in medical school being compared to their high-profile MD relatives?\" asked Noah. \"Yes, it does – worse, the pressure to measure up to said relatives can get really bad which was why my uncle and I decided to do stuff this way,\" said Trisha. \"Alright,\" said Noah. \"I should probably go to bed, I got a big day tomorrow,\" said Trisha. \"Okay,\" said Noah. He left and went back to his own room across the hall. Trisha fell asleep an hour later. Trisha was up early the next morning, and got dressed in the clothes she had picked out for her interview at Hopkins. She had decided not to wear much jewelry except for a wristwatch and a locket that had been a gift from her aunt Helen. She exited her hotel room and knocked on the door to Noah's hotel room, knowing that if she took off without him his boss might sic Baltimore PD on her. \"I'm awake!\" Noah yelled. \"Almost ready? I don't wanna be late!\" \"Yeah… almost,\" said Noah. Trisha heard a yawn from inside the room and groaned. The door opened a few minutes later. \"Relax, we won't be late,\" said Noah. \"Sorry, I guess I'm more nervous than I thought I was,\" said Trisha. \"There's a breakfast spot not too far from the hotel, Rosie's I think it's called. Wanna go grab some food?\" \"Why not get food here?\" \"I thought it'd be fun to eat somewhere the locals do, why not?\" said Trisha. Noah grinned and followed her. They made their way out of the hotel and to Rosie's, which appeared to be a small coffee shop that served breakfast sandwiches, bagels, and other items such as cookies. The smell of coffee and bacon wafted through the air as the two of them waited in line. When it was their turn to order, Noah let Trisha go first. \"I'll have a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich and a large Red Eye with two extra shots of espresso please,\" said Trisha. \"What the hell is a Red Eye?!\" said Noah. \"Its regular coffee with a shot of espresso, two shots of espresso makes a Black Eye and in your girlfriend's case, three shots is a Dead Eye,\" said the barista. \"She's not my girlfriend.\" \"Ignore him, he's shy,\" said Trisha. \"I'll also have a chocolate chip cookie please.\" An old man behind Noah laughed. \"She's got spunk, I'll give her that!\" said the man. \"Reminds me of my wife!\" Noah laughed and ordered the same sandwich Trisha did, but ordered hot chocolate instead of coffee – he wanted no part of whatever that concoction was that she had ordered. \"I'm sorry,\" Trisha whispered. \"Telling the truth would've taken maybe two hours.\" \"I'm not complaining.\" \"Okay,\" said Trisha. When their food was ready, they ate as they walked to the nearest Baltimore Metro station. Trisha split her cookie with Noah as they finished their drinks. \"Why did you order something with that much caffeine?\" asked Noah. \"Because I could, that's why.\" \"You're gonna be so hyper later!\" said Noah. \"What am I gonna do with you?\" Trisha shrugged and nibbled on her half of the cookie as they arrived at the station. Noah hadn't done anything with his hair, so it was slightly messy. Trisha liked it; it gave off a devil-may-care vibe about him that she found irresistible. \"Do you think I look professional enough?\" asked Trisha. \"Yeah, I do,\" said Noah. They were lucky enough to catch the first train that arrived, and were even luckier to get seats – someone nearby mentioned to them that the trains were usually more crowded because the subway was new to the city. \"I looked through your folder last night,\" said Noah. \"What, this?\" said Trisha, gesturing to the folder on her lap. \"Saw some interesting stuff in there too,\" said Noah. \"For someone who doesn't like flying, I'm surprised you studied abroad – twice.\" \"Northwestern had some special summer programs for pre-med students, I decided to take advantage of them,\" said Trisha. \"I didn't want to let my discomfort prevent me from doing something interesting and fun, something that would open my eyes to medicine in other cultures.\" \"That says a lot about you,\" said Noah. \"How so?\" \"You're a lot stronger than you think you are,\" said Noah.[Chapter 6] A/N: Been at my new job almost a month, things are going well and am currently trying to just work hard, get some extra cash in my pocket, and write this story. I hope you guys are enjoying it, whoever is reading it anyways. Chapter 6- Baltimore, Part II They spent the rest of their time on the subway talking then after getting off took a short walk to the campus where the John Hopkins School of Medicine resided. \"No one knows me here, in Baltimore,\" said Trisha. \"You don't seem upset about that,\" said Noah. Trisha shook her head, a smile dancing across her face. Noah knew that the Kimble case had gotten a lot of press attention, vaguely making him wonder just how much hell Trisha had caught solely for being related to him, let alone for believing the man was innocent. They went inside, where two girls stood by a reception desk apparently waiting for them. \"Hi!\" said one of the girls. \"You must be Trisha, right?\" \"Yeah, that's me,\" said Trisha. \"I'm Rebecca, and this is Lauren,\" said the girl as she gestured to another girl next to her. \"Nice to meet you guys,\" said Trisha. \"I'm curious, what years are you?\" \"Second year,\" said Rebecca. \"Fourth year,\" said Lauren. \"Will your boyfriend be accompanying us on the tour?\" Trisha blushed furiously, her face almost turning the color of fresh tomatoes. Why couldn't she just laugh it off and say he was just a friend? Anything other than why he was really there? She hadn't been this tongue-tied since she had gone with Dana to see him at the Marshals' office, having difficulty saying what needed to be said. Trisha had never been good with the opposite sex. Granted, she was better at flirting than she had been in high school but if she had the choice, she'd rather do homework than go out on a date with a college guy that she knew would probably just want a booty call. She highly doubted Noah was like that, but there was the fact his mission was to get as much information as possible so the U.S. Marshals could arrest her uncle. No relationship was worth throwing her one living relative to the wolves. \"I'd like to, if you don't mind,\" said Noah. Trisha nodded, and Noah noticed how much she was blushing. He would have to ask her about that later. \"So after your interview I'll be taking the two of you on a tour of the hospital, if your guy doesn't have a weak stomach,\" said Lauren. Trisha giggled. \"I think I'll pass on that part of the tour,\" said Noah. The girls chuckled but Trisha had a good idea as to why Noah didn't want to check out the hospital – for many people not aspiring to a career in medicine hospitals meant death, and for people with careers in law enforcement it was simply another reminder that one's mortality was just around the corner. Noah and Trisha walked with Rebecca and Lauren around the expansive campus as they talked about the school and the opportunities available. \"Would you like to see the libraries or dining halls first?\" asked Rebecca. \"That's an easy one – the libraries, of course!\" said Trisha. Noah chuckled and took Trisha's hand in his, which didn't go unnoticed by the girls showing them around Hopkins. The four of them eventually arrived at a large library. Noah couldn't help but notice the look on Trisha's face being akin to that of a kid on Christmas morning. Surrounded by three floors worth of books, she seemed happy for the first time in a long time. \"So, this is the Welch Library,\" said Lauren. \"It's the main library here at the John Hopkins School of Medicine and on the third floor, the Library of the Institute of Medicine.\" \"There are also plenty of areas on the first and second floors for students to study,\" said Rebecca. \"What's so special about the third floor?\" asked Trisha. \"Follow us,\" said Rebecca. The four of them went up two flights of stairs and Trisha was almost speechless at the volume of books and medical journals she saw when they finally got to the third floor. Several of the books she saw looked old. \"Wow… just, wow,\" said Trisha. \"How old are the books up here?\" \"Some of them are centuries old,\" said Rebecca. \"I believe the oldest one is a medical manuscript from Salerno that was printed 600 years ago,\" said Lauren. \"You're kidding!\" said Noah. \"Nope,\" said Lauren. Trisha hid a laugh – Noah's shock at how old the manuscript was, was very funny. They then went to the Adolf Meyer Library, which was mostly frequented by medical students on clinical rotations in the departments of Psychiatry, Neurology, Neurosurgery, Neuroradiology, Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine, as well as the doctors who practiced in those specialties. \"Hey!\" one of the doctors yelled. \"Bring that girl you're showing around over here, I'm showing a tape of the craniotomy I just did!\" \"What is that?\" asked Noah. \"Surgical procedure,\" said Trisha. \"People tape surgeries?\" Noah whispered. Trisha nodded and followed Lauren and Rebecca to watch the tape the surgeon had popped into a VCR. For a split second, Noah saw Trisha give him a look of utter shock – like she had just realized something she hadn't realized before. Whatever it was, Noah had a feeling it was something to do with the Kimble case. They then toured the dining halls, which ended with the four of them eating lunch. Trisha nibbled on a slice of pizza and couldn't help but notice the look Noah was giving her. \"What?\" said Trisha. \"How can you eat after watching a tape of someone's brains? Gross!\" Trisha, Rebecca, and Lauren burst into laughter. Once the four of them arrived where the interviews were to be conducted, Rebecca left as her role in being a tour guide was finished. Lauren then showed Trisha and Noah where the chairs were and the three of them sat down. \"It'll most likely be a three-person panel, just try to relax,\" said Lauren. \"Relax?\" said Trisha. Noah laughed and shook his head, Trisha rolled her eyes. \"This isn't funny, Noah!\" Trisha whispered. \"This is my life we're talking about!\" \"I think you're gonna do great,\" said Noah. \"You're one of the smartest people I know.\" \"Yeah, right,\" said Trisha. \"I mean it, Trisha,\" said Noah. Trisha saw in his eyes that he had meant every word. Damn, he thinks I'm smarter than his boss. This could get interesting , thought Trisha. \"Trisha Kimble?\" a voice called out. Trisha took a deep breath and walked over as one of the interviewers led her into an office. She couldn't help but be relieved, in a way. After all, this was going to be the very last medical school interview she would have to do. One Hour Later While Trisha was being interviewed, Noah was on a payphone with Sam. \"You've gotta be kiddin' me! How did this not come up earlier?! And where is it?!\" \"I don't know, Sam,\" said Noah. \"And honestly, who's gonna watch it if we find it? I don't know about you but I'd rather pass. I've seen enough guts on this tour.\" \"I'll make Cosmo and Biggs sit through it then,\" said Sam. Noah laughed. \"Might be a better idea if Poole watches it, she's got a stronger stomach than all of us combined,\" said Noah. Sam laughed on the other end of the line. He was planning to watch the tape too – that is, if it hadn't already been destroyed. \"Kid, are we sure this tape even exists?\" \"Trisha might know, I'll have to talk to her when the tour is over,\" said Noah. \"Where is she now?\" asked Sam. \"Getting interviewed by some professors… doctors… whatever they're supposed to be called around here,\" said Noah. Sam laughed again. Noah heard a door open and saw Trisha step out. \"Her interview is over, I gotta go. If I find out anything else I'll let you and the team know,\" said Noah. The call ended and he saw Trisha looked much more relaxed than before the interview had started. \"How'd it go?\" asked Noah. \"I think it went well, I'll know in two weeks.\" \"What happens in two weeks?\" \"I'll be getting either an acceptance letter or a rejection letter,\" said Trisha. \"They'd be fools to reject you,\" said Noah. Trisha smiled as the two of them held hands for the second time that day. She didn't know why it made her happy, but it did and she didn't want to over-think it. Not today, anyway. Trisha was excited as she walked through the various departments of John Hopkins Hospital with Lauren. Unsurprisingly, Noah was waiting in the reception area downstairs probably either reading a newspaper or talking to Gerard, feeding him intel. After all, what else would he be doing while waiting for her? The two young women soon reached their last stop, the Emergency Room. \"All medical students have to do a rotation in emergency medicine, so this is where it happens,\" said Lauren. \"I hope you're not squeamish.\" \"Definitely not squeamish,\" said Trisha. Two doors opened and someone was yelling about a patient having six gunshot wounds. Trisha and Lauren watched as the patient was wheeled into a trauma room, a trail of blood behind the stretcher. \"It's a shooting gallery here,\" said Lauren. \"Not too different from Chicago,\" said Trisha. Noah looked up from the newspaper he was reading and saw Trisha and Lauren walking over to him. \"You two have a safe flight,\" said Lauren. \"Oh, before I forget.\" She pulled something out of her purse and handed it to Trisha. \"What are these?\" asked Trisha. \"Berger cookies, they're a Baltimore specialty,\" said Lauren. \"Don't lick the fudge off the cookie, it's blasphemy.\" \"If you're ever in Chicago, so is putting ketchup on a hot dog,\" said Trisha. Lauren laughed. \"Bye, enjoy the rest of your time in Baltimore.\" She left and went in one direction, Trisha and Noah went in a different way towards the train station they had exited earlier that morning. It had gotten dark, and it was getting cold. \"I need to ask you something,\" said Noah. \"Alright,\" said Trisha. \"Did Richard tape his surgeries?\" \"Yeah, he did,\" said Trisha. \"Did he have a tape made the night Helen died?\" \"I think so, I know that he had tapes made of all the surgeries he performed,\" said Trisha. \"Even the emergency ones?\" \"Yeah, he was a vascular surgeon so having to scrub in on an emergency surgery wasn't uncommon for him,\" said Trisha. \"He thought it was a good way to teach the surgical fellows he worked with.\" \"So, where is it?\" \"The tape? I don't know, I know Bones popped one in –\" \"Bones?\" asked Noah. \"He's a guy at the hospital, keeps all the surgical tapes in the lab where he works,\" said Trisha. \"He and my uncle were friends.\" \"So, why don't you know where it is?\" \"It went missing, okay? Someone took the only copy, I don't know who or why,\" said Trisha. \"It would've either exonerated him or incriminated him,\" said Noah. \"I know,\" said Trisha. \"I asked Charlie if he had taken it but he swore he didn't. I don't know who to believe.\" \"Charlie?\" \"Dr. Charles Nichols, he told me he got a visit from your boss, Gerard. Wasn't too happy about it either,\" said Trisha. \"I don't think Sam liked him much,\" said Noah. \"I'm not even sure why I'm saying these things about him, he and Richard have been friends since they were in medical school together,\" said Trisha. \"I've known Charlie my entire life.\" \"Even when you lived in California?\" \"How do you know about California?\" asked Trisha. \"Sam had people look for intel on you, okay? I wasn't part of that but I did read the file,\" said Noah. All the color drained from Trisha's face as she struggled to keep her emotions in check. They had just arrived at the train station and she didn't want to lose it in front of a bunch of strangers. \"Trisha?\" asked Noah. A whimpering sound escaped her lips. To Noah, it sounded like a wounded animal. Me and my big mouth, how could I have been such an idiot? , thought Noah. They boarded a metro train and sat down. Against his better judgment, Noah put his arms around her. He was surprised when Trisha returned the embrace; he had thought she would've been angry at him. \"Now… now I know how someone would feel when naked in public,\" Trisha whispered. \"I know it had to be done but, I feel so exposed and I don't like so many people knowing about everything I had to go through when I was younger.\" She didn't speak anymore after that, but Noah could feel her tears falling on his coat. He understood all too well what it was like to lose a family member at a young age and not want to talk about it. They eventually got back to the hotel, where Trisha apologized to Noah for getting upset. \"I'm sorry, Noah. I should've realized that you and the others would've wanted to know stuff about me,\" said Trisha. \"I shouldn't have reacted the way I did.\" \"It's okay,\" said Noah. They went up to where their hotel rooms were, but they went into Trisha's room instead of each of them going their separate ways. \"I think we need to talk,\" said Noah. \"No, we don't,\" said Trisha. \"I know you want all this information but I don't know anything.\" \"I didn't mean talk about the case,\" said Noah. \"I think you're bottling something up, and it's eating at you.\" \"It's something I hadn't thought of for a long time,\" said Trisha. \"You probably already know how my parents died, and that I was with them when it happened.\" \"Yeah, it was a plane crash.\" \"That's not something a person can just walk away from,\" said Trisha. \"Even people who survive usually have serious injuries, and I was no exception. I was in the hospital for nearly the entire summer. My birthday is in July, so unfortunately I had to spend my eleventh birthday in the hospital.\" \"That's awful,\" said Noah. \"That wasn't the worst of it,\" said Trisha. \"I had horrible scars afterwards, especially on my face, and I got teased relentlessly as a result. I hated it. I decided to bury myself in schoolwork instead, because getting good grades seemed to be the only way I could best the people bullying me. I got plastic surgery shortly before my 18th birthday. My uncle wanted to wait until I actually was 18, but the recovery was going to be around two months and I didn't want to start my college career off with a swollen head. I mean, last thing I needed was people calling me a pumpkin head my first week in college.\" \"That's disgusting, no one has the right to treat another person like that,\" said Noah. \"Though I doubt Dana would've treated you like that.\" \"I doubt that too, she's always been very kind to me,\" said Trisha. \"After my aunt Helen died and my uncle was remanded to the state pen, I stayed for most of the summer with Dana and her family in Texas.\" Both of them were then rudely interrupted by their stomachs making loud growling noises. \"You're hungry too?\" asked Noah. \"Yeah,\" said Trisha. \"Lemme know what you want, I'll order room service.\" \"I got a better idea,\" said Noah. \"Like what?\" \"What about we go out? My treat,\" said Noah. \"Like on a date?\" \"No, not a date,\" said Noah. \"If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck…\" \"Alright, alright, it's a duck!\" said Noah. \"Well quack quack, handsome,\" said Trisha. \"I need to change into something a bit cuter than what I'm currently wearing. Give me about half an hour to get ready, okay?\" Smirking, Trisha got ready as Noah went back to his hotel room so she could have some privacy. \"Sam is going to kill me,\" Noah muttered. The libraries in this chapter do exist at Hopkins, I looked it up. As for the Berger cookies, they're a cultural icon of Baltimore. They're shortbread cookies covered in chocolate fudge. Review, it helps me write faster![Chapter 7] A/N: So, this is what happened - doc wanted to increase my meds, stupid meds practically put me to sleep for 20 hours straight off and on for several days and as a result I was unable to get this up as fast as I wanted to. What. A. Drag. Enjoy! Chapter 7- Status Quo, AKA The Battle of Wits \"Even in death, you're still trying to get me coupled up. Really, Aunt Helen? Really? He wants to arrest your husband!\" Trisha rolled her eyes in frustration and stood in front of the bathroom mirror. She looked a far cry from her usual self – she was wearing a beautiful black velvet dress that went to her knees with matching tights and the black shoes from earlier that day, and her dark brown hair that she usually wore up was down, going just past her shoulders. FLASHBACK \" When you're in college and you travel for anything other than your swim meets, always pack a little black dress,\" said Helen. \" Why? I won't need it. I'm no one's catch,\" said Trisha. \" You never know,\" said Helen. END FLASHBACK She hadn't been on a date, not ever, so she wasn't sure if she was overdoing it but the dress was the only thing she had packed that was really suitable for an evening date. All her other clothes had been for either the interview, or were jeans and T-shirts. Trisha was not going to wear a T-shirt on a date with Noah Newman. Not the first date, anyway. She needed to make him squirm, at least a little bit – and since when had a T-shirt ever made a warm-blooded American male squirm? Never, that's when , thought Trisha. The only thing she wasn't sure of was the formality of where he would be taking her. That, and while it wasn't as cold in Baltimore as it currently was throughout the entire state of Illinois, it was still cold nonetheless so she grabbed a white cardigan from her suitcase and put it on. She took another look at herself in the mirror then began doing her makeup. Screwed. There was really no other way to put it – he was screwed. Noah Newman had had almost half an hour to think about the mess he was in. He doubted Cosmo would've objected – hell, if the older deputy had been present they probably would've exchanged high fives and Cosmo would've told Noah to forget about Sam might think, and go for it. He could also recall Biggs, who was happily married, once telling him to never back out of something he said he'd do either with, or for, a woman he might have feelings for. \"You'll wish you were on a manhunt, trust me kid,\" Biggs had said. If Sam finds out, I'm dead. If I tell her I want to cancel, I'm dead. Damnit, I'm dead , thought Noah. He heard a timid knock on the door to his hotel room, and checked the clock in the kitchen. His half hour was up. Noah sighed and opened the door – he almost didn't recognize her. \"Wow,\" said Noah. \"You... you look great.\" \"Thanks,\" said Trisha. \"Um… where do you want to go?\" \"Not sure, I've never been to Baltimore before.\" \"Me neither, maybe someone at the desk in the lobby might know a good place,\" said Trisha. \"Although, I did read somewhere that Baltimore, and all of Maryland in general, is famous for its seafood. You like seafood?\" \"I'll eat anything once.\" \"So long as it's not fugu, that shit will kill you,\" said Trisha. \"What?!\" \"Puffer fish, my aunt once told me she heard of people dying after ingesting it despite it supposedly being prepared properly,\" said Trisha. \"Yuck!\" \"Don't worry, I highly doubt anyplace around here serves it. It's more common in Japan,\" said Trisha. They set off for the hotel lobby, and when they arrived it seemed to be busy despite the fact that it was nighttime. A girl was manning the desk when Trisha and Noah walked up. \"Know anyplace good around here that serves seafood?\" asked Noah. The girl laughed. \"Sorry,\" said the girl. \"I mean, this is Baltimore – there's good seafood restaurants everywhere, it'd be easier if I knew whether you wanted to stay here in the Inner Harbor or venture elsewhere.\" \"Around here's fine,\" said Noah. \"There are a couple places, but I'd recommend Phillip's Seafood. Then Vacaro's in Little Italy for dessert, it's not too far for walking distance and the area's safe,\" said the girl. Phillip's Seafood was packed when they walked inside. It appeared to be a mix of tourists and locals alike. \"Good, it's warm in here,\" Trisha whispered as she stood closer to Noah. \"How many in your party?\" asked the hostess. \"Two,\" said Noah. \"Okay,\" said the hostess. \"It's gonna be around 15 minutes for a table, if you'd like you can have a seat at the bar while you wait.\" Noah was about to say he'd rather sit on some nearby chairs, when two small children claimed the chairs for themselves. As a result, he and Trisha found themselves sitting at the bar as she perused the menu. He was surprised they had been able to get seats there as other people waiting for tables had also grabbed seats at the bar. \"Either of you want anything?\" asked the bartender. \"No, I'm alright,\" said Trisha. \"Thank you though.\" \"Same here,\" said Noah. She was about to pick up the menu again so she would know what she wanted for dinner, when she realized Noah had taken one of her hands in his own. She felt herself blushing furiously as she smiled. Screwed. I am so screwed. Oh well , thought Trisha. A waitress came over and led them to a booth in the middle of the restaurant. The smell of crab wafting through the restaurant made Trisha's mouth water; it was one of her favorite things to eat. However, both of them decided they wanted a few minutes to look over the menu as a waiter brought them glasses of soda. \"Too much yummy stuff to choose from,\" said Trisha. \"You might be the first woman I've taken out on a date that seems to like seafood a lot,\" said Noah. \"Comes with spending part of my life on the west coast, I guess,\" said Trisha. \"My dad had a boat, and after he got home from work, if the weather was good, he'd take me and my mom, if she was able to go, and the three of us would go fishing. Sometimes it was just me and him, especially if my mom had a case.\" \"Case?\" \"She was an Assistant District Attorney,\" said Trisha. \"What did your dad do?\" Trisha smirked a little bit, and Noah vaguely wondered what she was going to say next. \"He was a lawyer too, but he was a defense attorney,\" said Trisha. \"You're kidding!\" \"No, I'm not.\" \"Did they meet in court or something?\" asked Noah. \"Yeah. They didn't get along at first, but obviously that changed 'cuz here I am,\" said Trisha. Noah smiled and shook his head. \"What?\" said Trisha. \"Please tell me you're kidding.\" \"Why would I kid about how my parents met each other?\" asked Trisha. \"I know it sounds more funny than anything but it's true. One of my dad's friends told me about it at a Christmas party several years ago after he drank too much.\" \"And which friend was this?\" asked Noah. \"That'd be telling,\" said Trisha. \"Maybe I want to know.\" \"What for?\" \"You know why,\" said Noah. \"Yeah, I do know why – cripes, if it isn't sex a man wants from me it's information on my past so he can arrest my uncle,\" said Trisha. \"For you, I'd much rather take my clothes off.\" She watched as Noah turned a horrible shade of red. By now, she was certain the marshal was a virgin. She was okay with that, she was too – but she highly doubted he would call her bluff either. He didn't. \"No, no way. Sam would kill us both. He'd kill me if he knew we were on a date right now.\" \"Don't worry Noah, your secret is safe with me,\" said Trisha. \"No strings attached?\" \"No strings attached,\" said Trisha. A waiter came by, and they ordered the crab dip appetizer. They had also decided on their entrée by that point as well – the restaurant's clam bake for two. The waiter took their order and the two of them continued talking until the crab dip arrived. \"That looks delicious,\" said Trisha. Noah nodded, and they began eating it with the breadsticks that accompanied the crab dip. \"I can't really figure you out,\" said Noah. \"There isn't really anything to figure out, Noah.\" \"You could've caused a lot of trouble, but you haven't,\" said Noah. \"I could say the same thing about you – the trying to figure things out, I mean,\" said Trisha. \"Why?\" asked Noah. \"For starters, you know a lot about me yet I know almost nothing about you,\" said Trisha. \"Also, you don't look at all like a U.S. Marshal. Your boss definitely does but you? No, you don't.\" \"It's the hair, isn't it?\" said Noah. \"I like the hair, I think it suits you,\" said Trisha. Noah reached across the table and took her hand in his, then smiled. Trisha Kimble was a mystery he was going to enjoy figuring out. In the beginning, I was attempting some writing involving sarcastic conversations with dead people. I tend to let my belief in the supernatural influence my writing... a lot. Heck, I once asked my boyfriend if his long-dead grandfather would've liked me, because I know he had that big of an impact on my boyfriend's life, even though I never got to meet the man. Chapter 8 will hopefully come much sooner now that the medication issue has been sorted out.[Chapter 8] A/N: So, I am now finished another new chapter. And now I am going to bed, I have work tomorrow. Luckily most of my shifts this week are at night so the insomnia that instead of trying to fix, I wind up using the time to write, won't be an issue. Chapter 8- What Next? Their entrée arrived around 20 minutes later – five varieties of seafood in a big pot that also contained red potatoes and corn. Trisha had thought of ordering a glass of wine for herself but didn't like to drink the night before she had to fly somewhere – Dana had partied too hard during spring break the year before, and it had been a nightmare flying back to campus with her. That, and for some ungodly reason Trisha found annoying, restaurants loved to make alcoholic drinks expensive and the last thing she wanted was to have Noah think she was high-maintenance. She had had a guy once think that about her solely because she was well off, but how could someone judge another person solely on their financial situation without getting to know them first? \"Are you okay?\" Noah's question snapped Trisha out of her thoughts. \"Sorry, I… I had something on my mind,\" said Trisha. \"Not about the case, though.\" \"Okay,\" said Noah. \"Are these crab legs?\" He grabbed what appeared to be a crab leg out of the pot. Sure enough, it was a crab leg. \"Yep, snow crab I think,\" said Trisha. \"Hand it over.\" \"No, I think I'll keep it,\" said Noah. Trisha giggled, and Noah wondered how often he would get to hear her laugh. For obvious reasons, it didn't seem to happen often. \"Fine with me, there's plenty more in there but since there are only two lobsters I think we should share those equally – unless of course you don't like lobster,\" said Trisha. \"No, I'm definitely taking one of the lobsters,\" said Noah. Trisha laughed and took one of the two lobsters for herself – getting the meat out of the shell was going to take awhile. \"So… why did you become a marshal?\" asked Trisha \"Why do you want to become a doctor?\" \"Answering a question with a question? Why is that, Noah?\" \"I'd rather not answer you right now,\" said Noah. \"I'll tell you, just not tonight.\" \"Okay,\" said Trisha. \"As for me, I survived a major tragedy when I was young. I got a second chance. I want to do the same for others and make a difference.\" \"Your uncle being a doctor had nothing to do with it?\" \"Noah Newman, you should know better by now than to ask me stuff like that,\" said Trisha. \"It's a good thing you're cute.\" Noah shook his head and laughed. Trisha also laughed. The remains of seafood shells and vegetables lay scattered in the pot and on their plates. \"Wow. That was delicious,\" said Noah. \"I don't think I could run after eating all that though, so don't make me chase you.\" Trisha giggled and sipped her soda. \"You sure you still want to go to Vaccaro's?\" asked Trisha. Noah nodded. He didn't really want the night to end. The last time he had been on a date, it had been a double date with Cosmo, and it had been a disaster. The girl he had been set up with had had no brains to speak of, and by the time the night had ended he had been miserable and had begged Cosmo never to set him up on a blind date again. That had been six months ago. Trisha was different. He knew he shouldn't become involved with someone that was entangled in a case, but that ship had sailed. He could have an actual conversation with her, which was more than could be said for the disastrous parade of bimbos that Cosmo was often seen with. She also had a cute laugh, and if he could do anything to get her to laugh despite everything going on her life, he would. He knew what it was like to go to hell and back, and it was a lot harder to come back than to simply stay there and let the demons take over. And yet… what if it led to more heartache? They paid and left, walking towards Baltimore's Little Italy. \"Noah?\" asked Trisha. \"Yeah?\" \"You've been quiet. What's going on?\" \"Maybe we should just go back to the hotel,\" said Noah. \"This isn't a good idea, and not because of the case but what if something happens? I mean, you've been through a lot, and –\" \"Okay, you can stop right there,\" said Trisha. \"If I've learned anything from all the hell I've endured it's that no one is getting off this polluted rock alive, so why play it safe?\" \"Damnit,\" said Noah. \"Why do you have to be right?\" \"I'm smart, that's why. Now let's find this place and get out of the cold,\" said Trisha. They walked, hand in hand, until they found Vaccaro's. Under the sign for the bakery, Trisha saw something and smiled. \"Noah, look,\" said Trisha. \"What is it?\" \"Just look, silly.\" He looked up and smiled when he realized what the phrase was underneath the signage for the store – it read \"Life is short, eat dessert first.\" When they went inside, they saw a bakery filled with Italian pastries and several couples seated at small tables. \"This looks cozy,\" said Trisha. \"Looks like a place out of Cosmo's nightmares,\" said Noah. \"Isn't he Italian though?\" asked Trisha. \"Yeah, but if he saw this many happy couples he'd die of fright,\" said Noah. Laughing, they looked at the myriad of choices available to them. A group of old men was also staring at the baked goods and talking. Noah caught one of them staring at Trisha, and the old man quickly looked away. \"I'll pay this time,\" said Trisha. \"No, I got it.\" \"You sure?\" \"Yeah,\" said Noah. \"Thank you though.\" A middle-aged woman ran up to the counter upon spotting Trisha and Noah. \"What can I get for you?\" the woman asked. \"I don't know, what's good?\" asked Trisha. \"Everything is good here,\" said the woman. \"My girl and I are from out of town, she just did her last medical school interview today, so we're celebrating,\" said Noah. \"Hopkins?\" the woman asked. \"Yes ma'am,\" said Trisha. \"We'll get two cannolis and hot chocolate, please,\" said Noah. They were given their cannolis on plates, and the cannolis were bigger than Noah thought they would be. They were then given their hot chocolate in large mugs, which Trisha carried while Noah paid for their food and carried the cannolis as they found a table to sit at. Once they did, they ate their desserts and talked. \"I wish we didn't have to go back to Chicago,\" said Trisha. \"Well, if we don't Sam might go ape and sic the dogs on us,\" said Noah. \"Let him, I'm fed up with everyone,\" said Trisha. \"Trisha Kimble you have no idea the wrath you court making such a statement,\" said Noah. She leaned forward as if to kiss him, but stopped short of doing so. \"I am a woman who has almost nothing left to lose, so bring on the damn dogs,\" Trisha whispered. \"Well, dogs bite so no thanks,\" said Noah. \"Better get him tested for rabies then,\" said Trisha. Noah laughed so hard that he almost snorted hot chocolate out of his nose. \"That's just… why? Why?\" said Noah. Trisha smirked and finished her cannoli. \"Seriously though… I… this… what happens after we go back, Noah?\" \"I didn't really think that far ahead,\" said Noah sheepishly. \"I'm not saying I don't want it to continue. I do. We just need to be careful about it.\" \"I can do that,\" said Trisha. \"I think it's mostly the other marshals we need to worry about finding out, college students don't like to be seen as narcs.\" \"Well that's just great, how am I supposed to get information about your uncle from Dana or any other friends you have?\" \"I don't have friends, I have loyal minions who do my bidding and don't ask meddlesome questions,\" said Trisha. \"As for you, you should've thought about that. Dana and my other pals know better than to cross me because I'm one of the smartest students on campus, my IQ alone is scary to them.\" \"Those other friends of yours, maybe. Dana, I doubt it,\" said Noah. \"Yeah, you got me there,\" said Trisha. \"Dana's the crazy one, I'm the smart one. She and I are a team. Don't get me wrong, she's smart, just not as smart as me.\" \"That doesn't surprise me,\" said Noah. \"Knowing her, we'll get back to the sorority house and there will be a miniature volcano erupting in the kitchen that she built because I wasn't there to tell her not to do that… again,\" said Trisha. \"Again?\" said Noah. \"She wants to be a volcanologist,\" said Trisha. \"That's her plan, anyway. I guess this makes me a magnet for thrill seekers.\" \"How am I a thrill seeker?\" asked Noah. \"You chose a career that involves kicking down doors and getting shot at,\" said Trisha. \"I believe I've made my point.\" \"I believe you have.\" They laughed and finished their food, then walked back to the hotel. However, they didn't go their separate ways – they went back to Trisha's room and she turned on the TV. \"What are you looking for?\" asked Noah. \"A movie that might be on for us to…\" She flipped past a channel then went back towards it with the buttons on the remote. \"Oh! I love this one!\" said Trisha. \"What is it?\" asked Noah. \" The Princess Bride ,\" said Trisha. \"It's one of my favorite movies ever, I love it.\" They sat on the couch and watched it together. Noah initially thought he might've agreed to watch a chick flick, but the fencing scene between two of the characters looked promising. Noah put an arm around Trisha, and she wanted to kiss him but she was a little nervous. She had never made the first move before, not even in Spin the Bottle because no one had ever wanted her to play the game with them. Because who wants to kiss a girl with scars all over her face while playing Spin the Bottle? , thought Trisha. Several minutes passed, and she had barely worked up the courage to make a move on him when his clunky cell phone rang. \"Damnit!\" Trisha whispered as Noah answered his phone. She shut off the TV, as it would probably just annoy him. Luckily, the call ended a few minutes later. \"That was Sam,\" said Noah. \"He wanted to know what time our flight was supposed to depart tomorrow. I told him 4 p.m. east coast time and he didn't sound too happy.\" \"Course not, he probably hates me,\" said Trisha. A\"I know you're trying to help me feel better, but I have been treated worse than dog feces off and on since January of last year so yeah, people hate me,\" said Trisha. \"There's a group of feminists on campus, they decided to target me because I wasn't behaving the way they thought I should after Helen… anyway they've egged me several times and one of them actually threw a rock at my head.\" \"What?!\" \"Yep. Bitch missed but Dana saw the whole thing and dumped sour milk on her,\" said Trisha. \"It was gross but she deserved it.\" \"Remind me not to cross the Pele spawn.\" \"Pele spawn? Oookay, you gotta make up for that one.\" \"And how do you propose I do that?\" \"Kiss me,\" said Trisha. That bakery in Baltimore is real, so is the sign. I saw the picture of it somewhere on Yelp, which I thought was ironic. Review, I really am able to update quicker now that that issue with my meds has been fixed! :)[Chapter 9] A/N: I'm baaaaack! Boy, was today awful. I thought Mondays were supposed to be awful but today was worse! Leave some reviews, I need cheerin' up! That's an order! jk Chapter 9- Pizza Debates and Fishy Dates She hadn't exactly been sure what to expect. The last time she had been kissed was maybe a year or two ago under some mistletoe by a very drunk frat boy whose breath had smelled of tuna. Not the good kind either, the kind that came out of a can and always seemed to smell terrible unless she heaped a lot of mayonnaise on it. However, this was different. This was someone she liked, and the butterflies in her stomach were threatening to undermine everything in this very moment. \"You're crazy,\" Noah whispered. Blue eyes met brown ones as their lips met in a kiss that had Trisha seeing stars. Sitting on the couch, the kiss deepened as Noah gently pulled Trisha closer to him. They separated after a few minutes, and Noah brushed some hair out of Trisha's face. \"You're a great kisser,\" said Trisha. \"And you're trouble,\" said Noah. \"Why do I get the feeling you're trying to distract me?\" \"If I wanted to distract you I'd have done something much more elaborate or crazy by now,\" said Trisha. \"I… I didn't expect… this.\" \"Me neither.\" The next morning had both Noah and Trisha eager to spend time with each other before their flight back to Chicago later that day. They both knew they couldn't let whatever was going on between them become public – Sam would have both their heads. And yet, Trisha was happier than she had been in a long time. A part of her knew she shouldn't be, but she couldn't help it. \"Maybe we should go see the aquarium – Baltimore has a large one,\" said Trisha. \"Where is it?\" asked Noah. \"Right here in the Inner Harbor, it's the National Aquarium.\" Trisha grabbed a pamphlet she had taken when they had arrived at the hotel Friday night, and handed it to Noah. He read over it as she drank some coffee. \"You shouldn't drink so much coffee.\" \"Why not?\" \"It's bad for you.\" \"I need coffee, Noah. Need it,\" said Trisha. \"No, you don't. You can go without it for a few hours.\" Trisha looked at Noah as if he had grown a second head. \"You have a copy of my schedule, you know I will more than likely need to do homework both on the plane and after I land. Ergo, I need the caffeine,\" said Trisha. \"You should also give yourself a break.\" \"You're kidding, right? If I don't graduate first in my class then this whole year was a waste of my time.\" \"You'll burn yourself out doing this, perhaps instead of loading up on so much coffee you should attempt to relax. I mean, you probably got through that interview okay,\" said Noah. \"I won't know until I get a letter saying whether I've been accepted or rejected, which could happened in two to three weeks, four at the most,\" said Trisha. \"Least it was my last interview, I tried to schedule most of them during fall quarter and winter break but this one I was unable to because they had a ton of candidates this year. I'm not sure I did well enough to get in.\" \"I think they liked you, Trisha. You'll get in,\" said Noah. They left the hotel and went to Vaccaro's for lunch – the idea of eating only dessert for lunch appealed to Trisha, possibly due to the romantic situation she was currently in. \"There was a pizza place that was closer to the hotel,\" said Noah. \"That's not pizza, you handsome heathen!\" said Trisha. \"Pizza is pizza, Trisha.\" \"No, Noah. It's not. There's the deep-dish and stuffed pizza us Chicagoans eat and the thin regular pizza everyone else eats,\" said Trisha. \"And the only time I ever ate thin pizza was the time I went drinking with some friends in a bar because you try holding a slice with two hands and drinking a beer, you'd need a third arm. So since I'm not drinking, I'm not eating the thin stuff that passes for pizza.\" \"I didn't grow up in Chicago so what's the big deal?\" Trisha let out an exasperated sigh and yet couldn't help but laugh. \"Noah Newman, I do not know when but we will go out for deep-dish or stuffed pizza at some point after we get back to Chicago. I'm holding you to it, this is happening.\" \"Alright, I guess I can't put it off any longer since Biggs keeps teasing me about my not ever having eaten it.\" \"I'm not surprised,\" said Trisha. \"Didn't you mention at some point this weekend that he'll eat anything once?\" \"Yeah, I did.\" Laughing, the couple walked into Vaccaro's and wondered if they should order actual food or simply try one of the gelato sundaes that was listed on the bakery menu. The same woman who had waited on them the night before was there, and recognized them. \"Hello again,\" said the woman. \"My girlfriend is trying to get me on a sugar buzz, I won't allow it,\" said Noah. \"You have no choice,\" said Trisha. \"Yes, I do,\" said Noah. \"This place got any sandwiches?\" The woman gestured to the menu above her head. Both Noah and Trisha noticed the Italian-style grilled cheese sandwiches and ordered those. However, Trisha still got the last word in and ordered a gelato sundae to split with Noah. He had no idea as they ate their sandwiches what they were in for as the plate arrived, heaped with two different types of gelato and fudge. \"I picked both flavors, I hope that was okay,\" said Trisha. \"What did you pick?\" \"Chocolate chocolate chip and peanut butter fudge,\" said Trisha. \"You're either going to be the death of me, or you're trying to fatten me up so I can't chase your uncle when we get back to Chicago,\" said Noah. \"Oh, crap!\" said Trisha in mock horror. \"You foiled my master plan!\" It took the deputy marshal an entire minute to realize she was kidding. \"That was a joke?\" asked Noah. She immediately began laughing. At first it was a small giggle that she tried to hide, but it eventually morphed into a belly laugh that sounded like the sweetest of songs. \"Oh my goodness!\" said Trisha, gasping between fits of laughter. \"I… I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard!\" Noah reached across the table and took her hand in his. He wasn't offended – he had been the victim of worse pranks from the team – but he wished Trisha would laugh more. He knew she had good reason not to, but seeing her laugh, seeing her smile was something he wanted to see more often because it meant she was happy. He would give anything to see her like that more often. After they finished their lunch, the couple walked hand in hand to the National Aquarium. \"That was the first time I had gelato, it was delicious,\" said Noah. \"Thanks for getting the jump on me with that one.\" \"Anytime,\" said Trisha. Once they were inside the National Aquarium, neither of them knew where to go first – not only was it a first visit for both of them, but the place was huge. Trisha grabbed a map and looked through it. \"Hmm… jelly tank, shark tank, rain forest exhibit… we'll definitely have a lot to do before we have to be at BWI later,\" said Trisha. \"I don't think I've been to an aquarium like this,\" said Noah. They walked around to various exhibits, and Trisha couldn't help but grin ear to ear at the various species of marine life – she loved the water. Before either of them knew it, they were in the same vicinity that the shark tank was. \"Ooookay this is far enough,\" said Noah. \"Farewell and ado to your fair Spanish lady…\" said Trisha as she walked backwards to where the shark tanks were. \"Okay Spanish Lady, to our doom we go,\" said Noah. He followed her and stared at the various species of sharks. One of them had a long snout with its teeth showing, but he didn't see the great white from the infamous horror film he and Trisha had just been quoting. \"Jaws doesn't live here, so don't worry about him,\" said Trisha. They spent several more minutes exploring before going to another area of the aquarium where various species of jellyfish swam in an almost hypnotic fashion. Noah liked them; they seemed to give off a glow. The sharks hadn't been too bad either; the one he'd seen with the toothy snout had been interesting and another shark he'd seen (Trisha had told him it was a nurse shark) had appeared to be resting on the floor of the tank it was in. \"You seem to know a lot about this stuff,\" said Noah. \"I love the ocean,\" said Trisha. \"I feel at peace around any body of water but the ocean especially. If I wasn't reading about medical stuff I was reading about marine life.\" \"So what would you have done if you hadn't passed the MCAT test?\" \"Probably attempted it one more time before deciding I was better off becoming a marine biologist,\" said Trisha. \"Not go into law like your parents?\" \"I've had my fill of the legal system, thank you very much.\" \"Just not everyone in it… I hope?\" said Noah. \"No. I actually think you're very sweet,\" said Trisha. They walked around, looked at other exhibits in the aquarium, and talked. Unfortunately, the time flew by too quickly for them both and they soon had to head back to the hotel to check out, and then to BWI airport. \"I feel like this weekend flew by way too fast,\" said Trisha. \"It did,\" said Noah. \"How good is that friend of yours at keeping secrets?\" \"Dana? She's alright, she'll keep her mouth shut,\" said Trisha. \"Good, because I might come see you at the sorority house and I'd rather nobody else find out,\" said Noah. \"Not even Cosmo because he'd tell everyone and Sam would overreact.\" Trisha nodded and they boarded their flight back to Chicago. Two Hours Later It was not an easy landing, to say the least. There had been a bad storm as they had been flying into Illinois, and Trisha's face was a horrible ashen grey color as Noah helped her get off the plane. \"I. Hate. Flying,\" Trisha whispered. \"Do you have to fly for any away games?\" \"Not usually, most of the time I've been lucky enough that it's a state or two away and Skeeter will charter a bus for the team, it's not even because I don't like to fly. It's more affordable that way,\" said Trisha. \"Plus it's easier on all of us because we can bring everything we need, and not have to worry about losing anything.\" Noah looked at her, his blue eyes filled with concern. He knew the last thing she wanted was for anyone to notice any weakness she might have, and this was one of her bigger ones. Ironically enough, he knew at least one person who would want to exploit that – Sam. Sam wasn't a bad person but he was very unrelenting when it came to apprehending fugitives. From what Cosmo had told Noah a few months ago, Sam practically lived for the job, the chase, everything to do with being a deputy marshal. \"I – I'll be okay, the sooner we get out of here the better,\" said Trisha. \"You sure?\" \"Yeah,\" Trisha whispered. They found their luggage and took the L train to Northwestern. When they eventually arrived, Noah noticed a pickup truck circling the station. \"I don't like the looks of that, don't go down there,\" said Noah. \"It's Dana's truck, I called her last night so we could get a ride to the sorority house,\" said Trisha. \"Did you want to walk all the way to the other end of campus?\" Shaking his head, Noah followed Trisha down the steps of the L station, and they got into the back of Dana's truck. \"It's about time, lovebirds,\" said Dana. \"Fasten your seatbelts, we got problems.\" They did as she said, and then she took off. Noah was convinced that Dana was breaking whatever the legal speed limit was. \"Ha! Don't tell me about problems, I have problems!\" said Trisha. \"No, we have problems,\" said Dana. \"Your buddies from the Lambda frat house went apeshit on Ralph.\" \"That's really not my problem, he deserves whatever he gets,\" said Trisha. \"Isn't that the guy who taunted her at the pool?\" said Noah angrily. \"Yep,\" said Dana. \"Anyways, Trisha, your three buddies grabbed their paintball gear and they're chasing him all over the place.\" \"Great, just great,\" Trisha muttered. \"I didn't want to come back to this!\" \"Paintball?\" asked Noah. \"What exactly does that entail?\" \"Protective gear, and guns loaded with paint balls,\" said Dana. \"Yeah, I'm with Trisha on this – I refuse to deal with it,\" said Noah. All three of them laughed as the truck pulled into a parking spot on Greek Row. \"We're back,\" said Dana. The three of them got out of the truck and began to walk towards the sorority house. Suddenly a guy covered in paint and wearing only boxers ran past them, followed by three guys wearing gear that made them look like space aliens. \"Go! Go, run!\" Trisha yelled. The three of them made a run for it just as one of the alien boys spotted them. \"One of the marshals is here, shut it down!\" one of the boys yelled. \"No way, I got that asshole in my sights!\" another guy shouted. \"I'm gonna shoot him in the nuts!\" \"And then you'll get shot for real, shut it down now!\" the first guy yelled. \"And if any of you paintball my truck you're all dead!\" Dana yelled. The first guy to shout something took off his helmet. \"Hi. My name's Lou, the idiot over there is Jonathan and the skinny one is Matt – Jonathan usually isn't an idiot, he just has a score to settle is all,\" said Lou. \"I can guess what kind,\" said Trisha, scowling. \"Matt, take my helmet while I help these poor bastards with their luggage,\" said Lou. Lou tossed his helmet to Matt and grabbed Trisha and Noah's suitcases, following everyone else into the sorority house. TBC! It's supposed to snow a lot this weekend so I'll be marooned with my laptop, some hot chocolate, and wonder ideas for chapter 10![Chapter 10] A/N: Here ye, here ye! The 10th chapter! And some twists to be had, so by all means review and lemme know what you think! Chapter 10- Best Laid Plans It was mayhem and madness when Matt and Jonathan showed up at the sorority house. All the girls had decided to make a big deal out of Trisha's return and were opening up various bottles of alcohol. \"Either of you bring me any clothes?\" asked Lou. \"Yeah, here,\" said Jonathan. Noah watched as one of the frat boys tossed Lou a pair of jeans and a T-shirt that appeared to have a picture of Nirvana on it. \"Thanks, I wanna get out of this stupid suit,\" said Lou. He ran to the bathroom and shut the door. Noah studied the other two boys – Matt had a pair of glasses and was slightly scrawny, Jonathan appeared mad and had taken it upon himself to do shots of vodka. \"I don't know what's upsetting you, but drinking like that isn't going to help,\" said Noah. Jonathan gave Noah the finger and ran to the stairwell as Lou came out of the bathroom. Noah couldn't place it, but Lou looked slightly familiar to him despite the fact that he hadn't met the college student before. \"Trisha! We need to talk!\" Jonathan yelled. \"Shut up and let me change my clothes!\" Trisha yelled. \"I'm going to kill Ralph, you hear me? I'm gonna kill him!\" \"Shut up you moron, or Newman's gonna slap the cuffs on you and make you his bitch!\" said Lou. All three boys laughed as Trisha came down the stairs, followed by Dana. \"He slept with Rachael didn't he?\" asked Trisha. \"Yeah…\" \"Jonathan, I am so sorry. He's an ass.\" \"I don't get it, man. How have you not slept with him, and she has? You aren't dating anyone and yet you're immune to his disgusting bullshit!\" said Jonathan. \"Yeah, about that… I am seeing someone now.\" \"That's great!\" said Matt. \"Don't let that deputy find out, he'll make the dweeb narc on you!\" said Jonathan. \"As I am going to law school next year I highly advise against it!\" Lou began laughing so hard he fell off the couch. \"Dude, you okay?\" asked Matt. \"Fine!\" Lou spluttered. \"It's… it's… I know who it is!\" \"Who?\" asked Trisha. \"The good ol' deputy himself!\" said Lou. \"Someone gimme a beer!\" One of the younger sorority sisters got Lou a beer, and he responded by kissing her hard on the mouth. Noah then realized who the student was – it was Cosmo's cousin. Cosmo had a picture of the two of them on his desk, with a pair of women wearing only bikinis. Cosmo had bragged about a road trip to Vegas, and the two of them going through – in Cosmo's words – more girls than socks. Noah wasn't sure he liked the idea of a younger version of Cosmo hanging around with his girlfriend, yet Lou appeared to be leaving her alone. \"Damnit, Lou!\" Trisha yelled. \"Stop sleeping with the freshmen!\" \"They aren't pledges anymore, knock it off!\" \"And you!\" Jonathan slurred. \"Stop sleeping with the deputy!\" \"She won't give her cherry away to save her uncle, you fool!\" Dana yelled. \"Thanks for announcing to Noah that I'm a virgin, thanks a lot,\" said Trisha. \"Anything you say – over dinner! In the bedroom! Will be used against you, in a court of law!\" Jonathan slurred. The entire sorority house erupted into laughter as Jonathan stole Lou's beer. It was a few days later, and things had gotten back to normal – at least, as back to normal for Trisha as they could get, with one exception. Noah had come to see her a few times since the night they had gotten back from Baltimore. She wished they could talk on the phone as well but they couldn't, not when they were trying to keep Sam and the other members of the team in the dark about their budding relationship. After a long day of swim practice and classes, she had returned to the sorority house to find several of her sorority sisters staring at her. \"What's going on?\" asked Trisha. \"Someone's been crank calling the house all day,\" said one of the girls. \"We thought it might be that asshole Ralph but, he didn't sound like Ralph.\" \"Odd,\" Trisha muttered. She went upstairs and spent a couple hours doing homework when the phone in the kitchen rang. She wasn't sure what compelled her to go down to the kitchen and get the phone – perhaps because she knew the other girls might ignore it, but Dana had already beaten her to it. \"Wait!\" Dana yelled. Trisha stopped, thinking Dana was yelling at her, but realized it was the person on the other end of the line that Dana was yelling at. As Trisha came down the stairs, she noticed Dana doing a double-take, as if checking to make sure no one else was around. \"What the hell?\" Trisha whispered. Dana motioned for her to come over, handed the Trisha the phone, and ran upstairs. \"Are you alone?\" the person on the other end of the phone asked. \"Who is this?\" asked Trisha. \"It's Richard,\" said Richard. Trisha put a hand over her mouth so she wouldn't make a sound, knowing if she did the girls who were busy with their homework might come rushing downstairs to find out what was going on. \"I'm the only one in the kitchen, are you okay?\" Trisha whispered. \"I'm okay, but we need to talk.\" \"We already are talking.\" \"I need to see you in person, Trisha,\" said Richard. \"I'm sure the police have questioned you about my whereabouts already, but that guy in the tunnel was not CPD, I know that much.\" \"What guy? What tunnel?\" \"I don't know his name, but he was a jerk.\" \"What does any of this have to do with me?\" asked Trisha. \"You might know more than I do, so we need to meet,\" said Richard. \"Uncle Richard, that might get me arrested – aiding and abetting, obstructing an investigation, shall I go on?\" Trisha hissed. \"It's not like I'm asking you for money, I just want to know what the plan is so I can stay ahead of it,\" said Richard. \"I need to stay out of jail so I can find out who killed Helen, because god knows no one else cares who did it.\" \"I care, you know I care,\" said Trisha. \"I loved her too you know.\" \"I know you did, you two were thick as thieves,\" said Richard. \"We need to meet but we need to plan this out right so I don't get caught or get you into any trouble.\" \"I can't meet up with you tomorrow, it's a school night,\" said Trisha. \"It'll be obvious if I slip away.\" \"Smart thinking,\" said Richard. \"I can do it in two days, it'll be a Friday night then,\" said Trisha. \"I talk the girls into throwing a party and I'll be able to slip away undetected. They were cracking bottles open a few nights ago just to celebrate me getting back to campus.\" \"No drinking and driving.\" \"No driving period, I'll just walk to the L station close to campus.\" \"Don't do that,\" said Richard. \"If I don't, someone might get the license off my car,\" said Trisha. \"Where do you want to meet?\" \"Remember that bakery Helen loved?\" \"I thought it closed,\" said Trisha. \"The building is still in one piece, and it's still vacant,\" said Richard. \"There's a back alley, meet me there. No one will be looking for me there.\" \"No, but that area is sketchy and there might be some junkies looking to sell my body for a fix.\" \"That wasn't funny,\" said Richard. \"Me possibly getting arrested after busting my ass trying to get into medical school isn't funny either, Uncle Richard.\" \"It'll be okay,\" said Richard. \"If you say so,\" said Trisha. \"I'll be there around 9pm, if you aren't there in 30 minutes I'm gonna have to leave. I'm sorry.\" \"That's okay, it's not the safest part of town and I won't make you wait long for me to be there,\" said Richard. \"Carpe Noctem.\" \"Carpe Noctem,\" said Trisha. They ended the call. It was Friday night, and a big party at the Gamma Phi Beta house was in full swing. The girls were all wearing purple wigs with black masks – it had been Trisha's idea, so she could slip away undetected. The Lambda frat boys had also shown up with a device of their own – a foam cannon, which was shooting foam all over the place. \"These things are the rage in Ibiza!\" Lou yelled over the loud music blaring throughout the house. \"When were you in Ibiza?\" Dana asked. \"His cousin took him!\" Matt yelled. \"Shut up!\" Lou yelled. \"You heard Lou, shut up Matt!\" Jonathan yelled. He drunkenly stumbled across the living area, where Trisha was sitting in a chair. \"You got any Jager?\" Jonathan slurred. \"Yes, but whether I should give it to you is something else,\" said Trisha. \"Why, because good Jewish boys aren't supposed to behave like this?\" Trisha succumbed to a fit of giggles as she ran into the kitchen, Jonathan at her heels like a loyal puppy. \"Don't do it,\" Jonathan slurred. \"Don't do what?\" \"This is your conscious speaking… just don't do it,\" Jonathan slurred. \"On second thought , I'll give you the Jager. Just don't be selfish and drink it all, I'd rather not have to perform CPR on you,\" said Trisha. \"Yessir,\" Jonathan slurred. \"Yo, Louie! Matty! We got drinks!\" Trisha giggled, but knew she had to work fast. She handed Jonathan the bottle of Jager and ran upstairs. She saw Lou, but he was making out with a girl and was too busy playing with said girl's boobs to notice Trisha was close by. Shaking her head, Trisha went into her bedroom, shut the door, and removed her wig and mask before opening the window and climbing down the side of the sorority house. She was forced to jump a few feet from the bottom and landed hard on the grass. She limped into the woods and ran through the trees, grateful for the cover they provided as she walked by foot to the L station she normally used to get to Chicago. By the time she boarded an L train, she had to sit down – her knee was bothering her from the hard landing earlier. Dana heard a weird noise and went into the bedroom she shared with Trisha. Noticing the window was open she closed it then went back to the party. Seeing Ralph, she got angry. \"What the hell is that ingrate doing here,\" she muttered. Neither of them were aware that Jonathan was close by, but for someone who had had too much to drink, he could still pack a punch – the frat boy sucker punched Ralph in the face before the wrestler knew what had hit him. It then devolved to a fight on the floor, and Dana ran upstairs to find Trisha only to see that her best friend was nowhere to be found. She then opened up the bedroom doors at random until she found Lou, who was naked, in the middle of things, and not happy at being interrupted. \"Can't you knock?! So rude!\" \"Jonathan is beating Ralph to a pulp downstairs.\" \"Let him, that meathead deserves it,\" said Lou. \"They're going to break a window if they keep it up,\" said Dana. \"Now get dressed, before one of Ralph's frat buddies calls the cops on us. You too, Megan – get some clothes on.\" Both Lou and the girl he had been having sex with scrambled to grab their clothes as Dana ran back downstairs. Matt was trying to pry both boys apart, and his efforts were futile at best. Lou came downstairs and dumped water on both Ralph and Jonathan, causing them to cease fighting but they began cursing like sailors when they realized how wet they were. \"Go home, dickhead!\" said Dana. \"Not me, I hope,\" said Jonathan. \"No, the asshole,\" said Dana. \"Where's Trisha?\" asked Ralph. \"She's upstairs, sleeping it off,\" said Dana. Ralph made to go up the stairs, but several of the girls blocked his path. Giving up, he went back to his own fraternity house and made a phone call. Trisha Kimble was going to pay for not sleeping with him. \"COSMO!\" Said man poked his head through the doorway. \"Why are you yelling at me?\" \"I need you to cross-index this list-\" Sam held up a stack of papers. \"Why did you yell at me?\" \"With this one.\" He held up a second stack. \"Ask Biggs if you need help.\" \"Why don't you yell at somebody else once?\" \"NOAH!\" \"Atta boy, Sam!\" \"I got a lead! I got it! I have him! We have Kimble right where we want him!\" Cosmo made eye contact with Sam, who already had his head in his hands. Cosmo looked over his shoulder to see Noah making a mad dash across the room. Noah's eyes were as wild with excitement as his hair was on a windy day and he was dropping pages left and right. Cosmo made a 'heaven help that poor child' face before returning to his own desk. Sam sighed in resignation. He was obviously stuck with hearing Noah ramble away. \"Alright, kid. What do you have?\" \"I got a lead from a phone call. Trisha is going to be meeting her uncle tonight.\" \"Do you know where? I'll call it in.\" Sam made a motion to get the phone, but Noah stopped him. \"I don't know where. The caller didn't know where Trisha was going.\" A red flag shot up the pole in Sam's mind's eye. \"Didn't know? He knew the girl was meeting Kimble but he didn't know where? Noah, exactly where did you get your lead?\" \"Ralph Kinneaman, but that doesn't matter!\" said Noah. Sam put his head in his hands again. \"Isn't that the kid who barfed all over the car windshield when you and Cosmo went to the college? When Cosmo lost his pants?\" \"Uhhh... yeah. But, like I said- it doesn't matter. It's a direct lead to Kimble. The closest we've had in... a really long time,\" said Noah. \"You know that this Ralph character can't be trusted, right?\" Noah made no response. Sam sighed. \"Alright. You can have your lead. But know this- you run into trouble, you call it in, OK?\" \"Yessir.\" If Sam hadn't known better, he could have sworn he saw Noah skipping away. She got off the L train, her all-black attire helping her get lost in the crowd. She could almost hear her late Aunt Helen's voice telling her not to wear dark colors at night, because she'd get hit by a car or motorcycle. FLASHBACK \" Why do I get the feeling you're going to miss me when I start school?\" asked Trisha. \" I probably will,\" said Helen. \" You could always get your old job back at the Art Institute, or am I wrong?\" \" No, you aren't wrong. They'd probably jump at the chance for me to come back, it's just…\" \" Just what, Aunt Helen?\" asked Trisha. \" Considering how hectic your uncle's schedule is, at least one of us should leave our time free to attend your swim meets,\" said Helen. \" You don't have to do that,\" said Trisha. \" I want to.\" END FLASHBACK Trisha wiped a tear from her eyes as she walked towards the building where the now-defunct bakery was. It had been a cozy place, where the two of them hid from the world when Trisha had been afraid to go anywhere during the darkest days immediately after her parents' death – the bakery had smelled of delicious pastries and hot drinks, but it had been a mom-and-pop establishment unable to compete with the likes of Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts, which subsequently had caused its closure six months after Trisha matriculated at Northwestern. She chuckled at her uncle's annoyed exclamation of the closure, as he had gone straight there after work one night to buy a box of cannolis for Helen, only to find the place boarded up never to work its magic again. In retrospect, it must have been a sign of things to come. And yet, not all signs of life were gone from this street – a well-lit window from a floral shop caught the pre-med student's attention. Unfortunately, it wasn't the flowers in the window that caught Trisha's eye. She had turned for a brief moment to make sure she wasn't being followed – and had seen someone whose height was too conspicuous for her liking. The ponytail on his head only confirmed her suspicions of who it was. Either kiss me or cuff me, you handsome fool , thought Trisha. Seeing fire escape stairs, she ran up them and found herself on a roof, then ran down another set and found herself in an alleyway. \"Well, shit,\" Trisha muttered. \"Trisha?\" said a voice. At first, she thought it might be Noah but she realized the voice was too deep to be his. \"Uncle Richard?\" \"Yeah… it's me.\" \"Why couldn't you just ask me over the phone what you wanted?\" \"I figured they probably had people on campus keeping an eye on you,\" said Richard. \"So… who's after me?\" \"CPD, obviously, and the U.S. Marshals. Their leader is a relentless shit from what I've heard,\" said Trisha. She peeked around the alley, and realized it was only a matter of time before Noah found them both. \"If Dad was still alive, he'd kill you for dragging me into this. You know that.\" Richard had a sheepish expression on his face. Trisha was right, and he knew it. His older brother had been a very protective husband and father, a big one-eighty from a man who had bragged about his constant exploits with women and who had often dragged his little brother into said exploits as well. Richard hated that Logan was gone – things wouldn't have gotten this far. He had been the best defense attorney on the west coast, and they had always counted on each other. Logan would've found the one-armed man. He would've found him and I wouldn't have to find the bastard by myself , thought Richard. \"I am going to find the one-armed man myself, you stay out of it unless I get caught,\" said Richard. \"Or you get me caught.\" \"What the hell?!\" \"I was followed! The marshals sent one of theirs after me, lucky for me he was tall or I would've been pinched before I got here!\" said Trisha. She was trying not to get angry, but she couldn't help it. Why would an innocent man put her in this position? Oh, fuck. He's guilty. He bashed her brains in to throw me off. \"Get out of here,\" said Richard. \"No, I'll handle him. You get out.\" Richard ran up the fire escape, and Trisha stood there. She looked up and saw him watching, waiting, but wasn't sure how she wanted this to end. Where did Trisha go? Noah had only slowed for a moment. Trisha had stopped at a window. Noah had stopped only twenty or thirty feet away. How could I have possibly been such an idiot? It was my lead! Sam is counting on me! , thought Noah. Trisha was a vital piece of evidence – and a direct link to Kimble. Everyone was counting on him. And I just blew it. He looked around. Maybe he could pick up her trail somewhere. Who was he kidding? He'd lost her. He'd had something, he'd taken a risk, and he'd lost. Noah looked up at the night sky. The gray clouds were heavy with rain. He continued walking. Suddenly, a hand grabbed his arm and pulled him into an alleyway. His yelp of alarm seemed to have no effect on his assailant. Noah looked at the person. Even in the low lighting, he could see that it wasn't a stranger at all. It was Trisha. \"What the-? Have you lost your mi-\" she cut him off with a deep kiss. Noah reared back from her face. He paused. He blinked twice. The clouds released their torrent of rain. Noah's unruly curls drooped over his face. He smiled and put them behind his ear. \"On second thought, could we do that again?\" Trisha nodded and they began making out. She thought she heard her uncle make a gagging sound as he ran away – she ignored him, and the rain as it soaked them both, their tongues doing a furious dance as she ran a hand through his unruly hair, neither of them wanting this to end. She thought she heard a noise – she ignored it, but then she heard a shout, curse words, and… hooting? A wolf whistle permeated the silence. \"Atta boy, Newman!\" The two of them pulled apart to find the entire team of marshals staring at them. The Art Institute is actually the Art Institute of Chicago, but I'm not sure if someone actually living in Chicago would formally refer to it like that, hence why I wrote it the way I did. Also, the Latin phrase in the chapter Carpe Noctem means Seize the Night.[Chapter 11] A/N: Yes, I know it's been a while... but I'm baaaaack! Chapter 11- Girl, Misunderstood He heard thunder as he climbed up the fire escape and was halfway up to the roof when he saw it. His niece was kissing the marshal. \"Blargh!\" He gagged and had to fight off the urge to vomit. Surely she didn't actually like him… did she? That's what your brother said when he met Veronica, and look what they spawned! , the intrusive thought shot through Richard's head as he reached the roof of the derelict building. He ran down the fire escape on the other side and hopped a fence as, unbeknownst to him, Deputy Sam Gerard and the rest of his team – minus Noah – showed up. She's got her dad's taste in significant others – great, just great , Richard thought as he ran off. \"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!\" Trisha stared at the screaming man, unsure of how to handle the situation. Neither her father nor her uncle had ever screamed at her like this. Even her late grandfather, a cranky old man who had had a penchant for showing anyone unfortunate to be nearby his old war wounds and to tell the stories of how he had received each one, had never been this bad. Or was Deputy Gerard yelling at Noah? The blue-eyed handsome man stood there frozen, as if expecting to be shot for his crime of kissing her. \"Uh, Sammy?\" \"WHAT?!\" He then proceeded to yell at Cosmo. \"Uh, Kid?\" said Biggs. \"What?\" mouthed Noah. Biggs gestured to his neck, and Trisha giggled. \"What's going on?\" said Noah. \"I think your friend is trying to tell you I gave you a hickey,\" Trisha whispered. \"Atta girl Trisha!\" yelled Cosmo. Sam glared at her and raised an arm, as if he was going to hit her. He rolled his eyes then smacked Cosmo in the back of the head. \"What the hell?!\" Cosmo yelled. \"Stop encouraging them!\" Sam yelled. \"Where's Kimble?!\" \"He wasn't here,\" said Noah. Sam then focused his attention on Trisha, whose face had turned ashen. That told him she was definitely hiding something. \"Where the hell is he?!\" \"I don't know, Deputy,\" said Trisha. \"Don't play that game with me!\" Sam growled. \"How about I call CPD down here? Give Kelly a reason to arrest you!\" \"Sam, Kimble's friends stonewalled us and we weren't doing this to them,\" said Poole. He cursed, not caring that she was right. \"Yeah, Nichols gave him money,\" said Cosmo. \"He did?\" said Trisha. \"How much?\" \"Why does that matter?\" asked Sam. \"I've known Charlie almost my entire life, so if he told you an amount, it was probably way lower than what he gave my uncle,\" said Trisha. \"Why are you so quick to throw your uncle's pal under the bus?\" asked Cosmo. \"He didn't show up at the trial, not once. I guess I'm still angry about that.\" \"Hell hath no fury,\" Cosmo muttered. \"Shut up, Cosmo,\" said Sam. \"Um… am I allowed to go back to campus?\" asked Trisha. Sam merely shrugged, so Trisha just stood there. \"If you were going to be arrested, you'd have handcuffs on,\" said Poole. \"Now let's get you out of here so you can get some dry clothes on.\" \"Thank you,\" said Trisha. \"I'll take her back to Evanston,\" said Noah. \"To the sorority house? Wait for me!\" said Cosmo. Trisha was quiet as the three of them arrived to the sorority house. She could still hear music blaring even as the trio walked up to the door. A girl then ran out of the sorority house two doors down from the Gamma house wearing nothing but sandals and carrying a fistful of cash. \"Yay, the pizza guy's here!\" the girl yelled. Cosmo flashed his badge and the girl ran off. \"Wait, come back here!\" yelled Cosmo. He unbelted his pants and chased after the nearly naked coed, only to trip over his pants as they fell down. Noah and Trisha immediately lost it – they burst into laughter, holding onto each other for support. A male figure exited the Gamma house and stared, openmouthed, at Cosmo. \"Shit, Cousin. You're an idiot!\" said the male figure. \"Shut it, Lou,\" Cosmo muttered. \"Lou?!\" said Trisha. \"What?\" She disentangled herself from Noah and slowly walked towards him in a way that told the young man that he was about to be in trouble unless he rectified the situation, and fast. \"Why didn't you tell me you and Cosmo were cousins?\" Trisha hissed. \"I didn't think it mattered, I only see him once a month and that's usually in the city because he'll take me out to lunch or dinner depending on our schedules,\" said Lou. \"So you didn't rat me out?\" asked Trisha. \"God no, I told him up front I wasn't getting involved. 'Not my girlfriend, not my problem', he can quote me on that,\" said Lou. \"Yep, I can,\" said Cosmo as he ran into the sorority house, belting his pants in the process. Foam then rained down on the four of them. \"What the hell? Yuck!\" said Noah. \"For someone who's pre-med, you sure know how to party,\" said Cosmo. He and Lou ran into the foam and vanished. It was a couple days later, and things were mostly back to normal. Even the weather was lousy. Trisha knocked on the room of one of the newer sorority sisters, Mindy, a girl from Colorado who was used to enduring long winters. \"You got your flare gun right?\" asked Trisha. \"Yeah, why?\" asked Mindy. \"Stupid walkway froze over and the shovels also froze over because someone left them outside,\" said Trisha. \"Don't tell me they're actually going to have class tomorrow!\" \"Looks like it,\" said Trisha. \"Gross!\" \"You're telling me,\" said Trisha. \"I was thinking I'd melt the ice off the steps and the walkway so we don't kill ourselves trying to get to class.\" Mindy handed Trisha the flare gun and Trisha went outside to defrost the stairs. When that was done, she moved on to the walkway. \"Noah, come look at this.\" Cosmo absently spun his pencil in his fingers. \"Noah?\" He looked up to find Noah perched on a chair, and a dazed look on his face. \"Noah!\" Cosmo snapped his fingers in front of Noah's face. \"Wha-huh?\" \"You are seriously zoned today. With a capital 'Z'.\" He paused and stood up. \"Are you OK?\" \"Oh, uhhh... Yeah. Sure. I'm... uhhh... I'm OK.\" \"I know when you're lying to me.\" Noah gave an embarrassed, 'caught' look. \"Yeah. I'm just thinkin'.\" \"Thinking? About what?\" \"Trisha,\" Noah answered with a dreaming smile. \"She kissed me, ya know. I really like her.\" Cosmo's jaw dropped. \"Uhmmmmm... Give me a second, yeh?\" He dashed into the room where the rest of the team was congregated for some reason. \"Noah's finally got a lover!\" He received a collective, \"HUH?\" from the entire room. \"Yeah! He just told me that the little kiss we saw wasn't just show! He likes her!\" The grin nearly disappeared off Cosmo's face seconds later when he saw the look on Sam's – his boss' face was red and the older man's eyes were full of rage. \"WHY, I'LL KILL THAT LITTLE-\" he was out the door before he finished. Cosmo stuck his head out of the door to see Sam fly into the elevator. \"Sammy...!\" In Trisha's mind, this was dumb. Very dumb. Why didn't the campus police or maintenance or whoever was in charge of this stuff bring snow salt over? This had taken almost an entire hour to do, and there was still a small pathway in the back she had to do. Least the flare is melting the ice , thought Trisha as she cut through the sorority house and into the back. She was so engrossed in trying to finish the tiny walkway that she brushed off the sound of screeching brakes near the sorority house and the yelling voices that followed. The yelling stopped, and soon she got back to melting the ice off. Then she felt something cold on the side of her head. \"What the hell, Jonathan? Or is it Matt? Seriously you guys better not be trying to pull a prank on me,\" said Trisha. It wasn't until she heard the clicking noise that she realized someone was holding a gun to her head. \"PUT THAT FLARE DOWN! RIGHT NOW!\" a voice yelled. She realized it was Deputy Gerard and hastily dropped the flare. \"Hands on your head,\" Sam growled. \"Look,\" said Trisha. \"If this is about my uncle, I really don't know where –\" \"This isn't about him,\" Sam snapped. \"Now walk .\" She tried to run inside but he grabbed her, steering her towards the woods behind the sorority house. She heard a slight scraping noise and realized he had grabbed a shovel behind the derelict shed in the backyard – the one where they kept all the party and emergency supplies, the latter of which came in handy a couple years back when an F-1 tornado had hit campus. She had forgotten about the shovel because of how rusty it was; no one had wanted to use it as one wrong move could've caused a bad injury or worse, tetanus. She wasn't sure when they stopped walking but he kept the gun trained on her the entire time. He then threw the shovel at her. \"What the hell?!\" said Trisha. \"You messed with Noah. See, I don't tolerate people messing with my team – especially suspects and women,\" said Sam. \"I didn't mess with him Deputy,\" said Trisha. Sam fired off a shot. It missed Trisha's face by mere inches. \"You're lying to me,\" Sam growled. \"Tell me the truth or the next one will find its target.\" \"I'm not lying! I – I care about him!\" \"START DIGGING!\" \"What?!\" said Trisha. \"You're going to dig your own grave, that's what!\" Trisha tossed the shovel on the ground and glared at him. \"No.\" \"WHAT?!\" Sam yelled. \"No,\" said Trisha. \"Do it yourself.\" \"Get on your knees! Now!\" She clumsily knelt down, fear having taken over at this point. \"What the hell, this place is deserted,\" said Sam. \"No one will find you till spring anyway.\" Trisha began crying as she felt Sam place the gun against her head one more time. She was going to die here, alone, and he was right – Dana would be the only one to know she was missing, and she highly doubted her friend would know where to look. She closed her eyes and waited for the gunshot. Trisha screamed as Sam emptied his clip. Dana heard a loud noise and a scream coming from the dense woods behind the sorority house and she raced outside, panicked for two reasons – she knew who had screamed, and growing up in Texas she recognized the noise immediately. It was gunfire. Trisha Kimble was shaking – and she had just wet her pants. All of the shots had missed, but that was because he had missed on purpose. \"You messed with the kid! How does it feel to be messed with?!\" Sam yelled. She couldn't speak as he ran off. Once she was sure he was gone, she got up and began the long walk back to the sorority house. She wasn't sure when, but a red-haired blur ran up and grabbed her. Trisha knew it was Dana before she got a good look at the girl. Neither of them said a word until they got back to the sorority house and they reached the bedroom they shared. \"I need to call Noah,\" Trisha whispered. \"Something awful happened.\" \"You could barely stand when I found you, what was it?\" said Dana. \"I need Noah,\" said Trisha. They went downstairs to the kitchen. Dana had to dial the number for the Marshals' office because Trisha's hands were shaking too much to dial the number herself. \"Hello?\" said Noah. \"It's Trisha,\" said Trisha. On the other end of the line, Noah frowned. She didn't sound like herself. \"What's going on?\" \"Sam showed up… he thinks I played you… that's not true Noah I swear to god that is not true!\" \"I know,\" said Noah. \"He had me at gunpoint the entire time, made me think he was going to… he was going to…\" \"He did what?!\" Trisha was shaking like a leaf and could barely speak, her voice disintegrating to a squeaking sound. Dana took the phone. \"I heard him fire his gun, I think he staged a mock execution or something equally nasty,\" said Dana. \"She's pretty upset.\" \"Why?!\" \"I guess he thought she was messing with you, so he figured he'd mess with her? She isn't that type of person Noah,\" said Dana. They ended the call. Dana helped Trisha up the stairs and tried to come up with a way to get back at Sam that wouldn't get her arrested. \"Sam!\" Noah was angrily storming out of the double doors. \"What? What is it?\" Sam and Cosmo ducked out of the car. Noah stopped only a few feet from them. \"Trisha just called me- she said you threatened her with a gun!\" \"She's been messing with your head, Noah.\" \"I just-\" Noah deflated. \"I'm not going to lie to you, guys. It's just... Sentiment.\" Sam put his arm over Noah's shoulder. \"It's OK, kid. Nobody's perfect. But I want you in my office for a talk. OK?\" Noah sighed. Back to work. NEXT DAY She was doing homework when the phone rang. It was Noah. \"Hey,\" said Trisha. \"I'm glad you called.\" \"I can't see why.\" \"What are you talking about?\" asked Trisha. \"Sam would never lie about someone messing with me. You, on the other hand, have plenty to gain from making me think you're interested in me when all you want is to get the manhunt called off,\" said Noah. \"You said it yourself, your parents were attorneys.\" \"After everything else I told you about myself in Baltimore?\" Trisha whispered. \"Noah, it was all real, okay? I care about you a lot.\" \"I'm not listening to your lies anymore. We're done.\" To be continued...[Chapter 12] A/N: I owe you guys a huge apology. And a long chapter, but I guess I've delivered the latter. I hope you'll except the former. Chapter 12- Wire A Friend It had been ten days since she had been dumped over the phone and Trisha had gotten conflicting advice from her friends on how to handle it. Eat junk food. Get drunk. Have sex. Seek vengeance. Find a new hobby – then again, Trisha was already so busy that trying to find a new hobby was moot. So she had been, for the better part of those last ten days, consuming food that wasn't exactly healthy and getting drunk when there were parties being thrown – but only when she didn't have practice the next morning because Coach Skeeter yelling and hangovers didn't mix. Cosmo was on the phone with a woman he was currently seeing when he caught a glimpse of Noah staring at a file. After he got off the phone he went to talk with his colleague and friend. \"Kid, you've been staring at the same page in that file for the past ten minutes.\" \"No I haven't,\" said Noah. \"Yes, you have and I know you have because I was on the phone for that long trying to talk my new girlfriend into making dinner reservations for me because I got no clue how late Sam will make us stay or what's open late, but maybe she does… I dunno.\" Cosmo didn't miss the forlorn look on Noah's face at the mention of his newest flavor of the month. \"You still thinking about Trisha?\" asked Cosmo. \"No.\" \"C'mon Newman, I know you're not being straight but I'm not like Sam okay? That man has no idea how women think,\" said Cosmo. \"He hasn't had any action in that area of his life since Kennedy was in office.\" Noah laughed in spite of himself. \"That's… that's a low blow, Cosmo.\" \"Well he deserved it, had I known he was gonna mess with her head like that I'd have cuffed him to the steering wheel of the car,\" said Cosmo. \"She wasn't playing you; you should've come to me before dumping her over the phone like a moron! \" \"She has motive to play me,\" said Noah. \"But…\" \"But what?\" \"Women who are book smart don't know a damn thing on manipulating the opposite sex,\" said Cosmo. \"She has friends to advise her on tactics.\" \"Most women travel in packs, Newman,\" said Cosmo. \"Doesn't mean they always listen to each other.\" \"Anyone wanna go out?\" \"Nah, I'm good,\" said Trisha. \"Got homework.\" Dana and a couple of the other girls saw the textbooks, notebooks, and Trisha's eyes – they were puffy from crying. \"No man is worth ten days of this,\" said Dana. \"We should have a girls' night, do something fun.\" \"Thanks, but I really just wanna study okay?\" The group of girls exchanged looks with one another. This wasn't good. The last time Trisha had buried herself in homework like this was when her aunt had died. Noah was reading through a file when Cosmo walked over with some wires. \"What are you doing?\" asked Noah. \"We're going to find the truth. I will ask her if she was being honest. You will listen.\" Noah shook his head. \"You've been down in the dumps for over a week, and I can't get any girls with you looking like a sad puppy every time we go out,\" said Cosmo. \"So either I'm right or Sam's right, but this way, we know for sure.\" \"Okay. What's the plan?\" \"I'll go in the sorority house and ask her some questions while I wear a wire. You listen from the car and if I give the signal that she's truthful you have to go and fix what you broke,\" said Cosmo. Noah raised an eyebrow. \"Never dump a woman over the phone, kid. It's a great way to incite sadness and rage.\" \"Speaking from experience?\" asked Noah. \"Shut up.\" Cosmo and Noah laughed as they prepared everything. \"We need a safe word,\" said Cosmo. \"Really?\" said Noah. \"Yeah, for the signal,\" said Cosmo. \"How about meatballs?\" Noah nodded and they left. Trisha was working on some chemistry homework when she heard knocking at the door. One of the girls went to open the door and upon seeing Cosmo, slammed the door shut. \"It's those jerks again,\" said the girl. \"Just let him in, Julia,\" said Trisha. Julia rolled her eyes and opened the door. Cosmo realized just how unwelcome he was when the pretty blonde gave him the bird. \"You're wasting time, I don't know where my uncle is,\" said Trisha. \"I'm not here to ask you about that.\" \"Bullshit.\" Noah heard her curse over the wire. She was angry. He wasn't sure how she'd react if he eventually had to follow through on his part of the plan. \"You're mad, I get it. I told the kid dumping you over the phone was stupid,\" said Cosmo. \"Ya think?!\" Trisha glared at him. Cosmo vaguely wondered if this had been a bad idea. She was as angry as he had predicted, if not more so. Her puffy eyes indicated she had also been crying. \"He idolizes our boss, okay? Sam says jump and Noah doesn't even ask how high, he just jumps.\" \"I don't care!\" Trisha yelled. \"So you don't care about Newman?\" \"That's not what I said!\" \"So what did you mean?\" asked Cosmo. \"That I don't care about Sam. At all.\" \"What about Noah?\" \"I do – I did care,\" said Trisha. \"Do or did? Which one is it?\" asked Cosmo. \"I do care but he doesn't.\" \"I'll tell him what you said. I know more about women than Sam does, so he'll have to listen to me,\" said Cosmo. \"You got any meatballs?\" Noah heard the signal over the wire and walked to the sorority house. \"No, I don't,\" said Trisha. The doorbell rang. \"Expecting anyone?\" asked Cosmo. Trisha shook her head as she went to open the door. \"What the hell is going on here?\" asked Trisha. \"I wired myself so he would know whether you had played him or not. I don't see it, and I'm leaving you two alone.\" Cosmo left the sorority house and drove off. Noah wasn't too happy about that because Trisha still appeared upset. \"Noah Woodrow Newman you are a jerk!\" said Trisha. \"I deserved that, and I'm sorry.\" \"Sorry isn't going to cut it with me. I cried for days!\" \"How about I take you to dinner? Or I could cook something here. Choice is yours,\" said Noah. \"I'm sorry but I'm not hungry. Could we go for a walk?\" asked Trisha. They left the sorority house together. It had taken nearly an hour to convince her to forgive him. \"It was Ralph,\" said Trisha. \"Who?\" asked Noah. The atmosphere was too quiet, and Trisha's black coat made him think of one of those femme fatales from the noir films in Cosmo's movie collection. \"One of the jerkoffs in the frat house two doors down from where Matt, Lou, and Jonathan live,\" said Trisha. \"He's the reason I ran into you at the alley that night.\" \"Why do you think it was him?\" asked Noah. He had to hand it to her, she was smart. He technically couldn't divulge the name of a witness, but her ability to figure that out didn't bode well because it meant that she was smarter than the fugitive they were trying to catch. \"He's been trying to get into my pants for a couple years. I've told him I'm not interested, but he doesn't like hearing the word 'no',\" said Trisha. \"So my brother and I were just walking along the side of the road, when we spotted this bear, you see. She was munching on something- probably bush berries or something- and then she notices us.\" Noah and Trisha were sitting on a bench in the middle of campus. Trisha's cheeks were a bright, rosy red. Noah's nose and ear tips were fully flushed. They were both visibly shivering from the cold despite wearing coats -heaven knows why they hadn't gone inside- but they were appearing to ignore it. \"Oh boy.\" Trisha grinned in anticipation for the rest of the story. She shivered again, then scooted closer to Noah. \"Yeah. The she-bear stood up on her hind legs, too. We were both really scared.\" \"Who was older, again?\" \"Nigel. Anyways,\" Noah pulled out his handkerchief and blew his nose before continuing. \"She saw us, reared up, and then we saw two little bear cubs tumble pell-mell out of the bushes. A little she-cub and her brother. We realized that it was the mother trying to protect her young. The little cubs pranced toward us. They wanted to play. Let's just say that mama bear wasn't too happy to see her cubs with us.\" \"What did you do?\" \"We knew that it was a very bad idea to get involved with bear cubs, so-\" A shout from the other end of the campus interrupted him. \"HEY! You- Noah!\" Trisha peeked around Noah to look at whoever was talking- although she already knew who it was. Nobody else in the whole world had the unmistakable voice of- \"Hello, Ralph.\" Noah casually put his arm over the back of the bench to look at the college boy. Ralph was stalking towards the two. Dana was following him. She was also pulling on his coat, trying to avert his course. Ralph was a rather large boy. But not in the way you'd expect. He wasn't fat, per say. He was... Shapes. That was most likely the best way to describe him. He also wasn't exceedingly bright. Noah likened him to having a conversation with a parakeet. Sure, he could talk (sort of)- learn to make correct phonetic responses at the correct time, but as for actually speaking intelligibly on his own? That was another story in entirety. Dana was trying desperately to keep Ralph from approaching the bench. \"You!\" Ralph was right next to them. \"Yes. Me?\" Noah smiled wryly up at Ralph. \"You're stealing my girl!\" \"Well!\" Noah grinned from ear to ear. \"At least we know now that you don't speak monosyllabically all the time.\" Trisha chuckled. Dana hid a laugh. It took Ralph a few moments to process 'monosyllabically'. \"Listen,' Ralph pulled Noah to his feet by the collar, only to realize that the marshal was at least two inches taller than he was. \"I don't care about my window sills!\" Both Trisha and Dana completely lost it. Noah couldn't help but smile at the mistranslated word. \"Trisha's my girl! You took my girl, and I want her back!\" \"Hmmm... what do you suggest?\" \"I want her back!\" Noah sat back down. \"Well, I can't give her back. She's part of an investigation. And besides-\" he put his arm around her and she nestled into his side. \"She's the cutest little thing in America this side of the Pacific Ocean.\" \"How about we fight for her?\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You know- like those Deer and Elk and stuff. The guys fight over the girls.\" Dana's expression changed to that of pure terror. \"No. No. No. NO. We haven't had a fight on this campus in two years. We aren't starting now!... And certainly not with a Deputy Marshal!\" Trisha looked casually up at Dana. \"Oh, relax Dan. It'll be good for Ralph.\" She winked. Dana caught on quickly. \"Fine,\" she admitted (quite convincingly, in Noah's opinion). \"But no permanent damages- OK?\" Noah stood up and rolled back the sleeves of his coat and shirt. The pale skin quickly raised goosebumps. Ralph did the same, which the same effects. They both walked to the tan grass. Snow began to fall. \"I have to warn you, Noah,\" Ralph eyed him. \"I do wrestling for the school.\" \"Yeh? Come talk to me when you become a Marshal.\" Noah smirked. Ralph made the first move- a right cross directly to the nose. Noah blinked as the blood started flowing profusely from both nostrils. He smiled ear to ear. \"Is that the worst you can do, Ralph?\" The Deputy Marshal leaped for Ralph and caught him by surprise. The next thing Ralph knew, the man had him pinned and breathing the dirt. Dana stifled a laugh as Noah started reading him the Riot Act. \"Alright now. Let me see... That's... assault. Assault of a law enforcement officer. Obstruction of Justice. Interfering in a federal investigation. Harboring of a dangerous criminal... That's three felonies and a federal offense- you want to try for more?\" Trisha shouted indignantly to Noah. \"My uncle is NOT a dangerous criminal!\" Noah turned his head toward Trisha. \"We can't know that for sure yet. As far as the bureaucracy is concerned, he is a dangerous criminal. For me as a Deputy Marshal, their word is law... I can't change that.\" Ralph began to struggle. \"This isn't about all your crime stuff! This isn't about rank! This is about Trisha! You stole my girl! I want her back! This is a man to man thing!\" \"Well, why didn't you say so?\" Noah stood up and pulled Ralph to his feet. \"I want Trisha back.\" \"And what do you intend to do with her when you do get her back?\" Ralph looked at him as if he'd grown a second head. \"What do you think?\" \"Ah... Yeah. I can't let you do that. And it isn't just me, either. We have strict rules about that kind of thing when dealing with an investigation.\" \"You're just a stick in the mud. You said yourself she was pretty. Why not-\" \"That's it!\" Noah's eyes began to glitter. \"You are really asking for it, mister.\" \"Finally!\" -Some time later- \"Listen, I'm really sorry about your jaw.\" Ralph looked at Noah, who was still testing his mouth to see if it worked. \"Eh. Don't mention it. I'm the one who should be saying sorry. I dislocated both of your arms.\" They sat in silence for a few moments. \"So... Ralph, does this mean that it's a tie?\" \"No. You can have her. She isn't worth having my arms dislocated if we did that again.\" \"Hm. Well. It was a good fight... And thank you.\" They shook hands on it. Noah walked to the train station. The girls had already left for the sorority house. He smiled to himself. Boy, did he ever have a story to tell Cosmo! Trisha and Dana walked back to the sorority house, talking about the fight between Noah and Ralph. \"I bet he leaves us alone now,\" said Dana. \"He better or it'll be me punching him next time.\" Dana giggled. Trisha saw someone lurking on the steps of the sorority house and frowned when she realized who it was. \"Oh my god,\" said Dana. \"Shhh!\" Trisha hissed. The person on the steps saw them and dropped something before running away. She ran to the stairs and saw a manila envelope. \"Huh,\" said Trisha. She picked it up and walked inside. She opened it. There was a list of names, five names to be exact. \"What is that? Who are they?\" Dana's questions fell on deaf ears. Trisha had a vague idea of why this list was now in her possession, but right now she needed sleep. She could tackle this list in the morning. I am currently working two jobs, so I hope to get this story finished during my down time. Anyone care to guess who left that list? Review please![Chapter 13] The end is near - not sure how many chapters are left, though. Chapter 13- St. Patrick's Day \"Your first bar crawl!\" \"Huh-huh.\" \"Why aren't you excited?\" \"Because I'm not, okay?\" Trisha rolled her eyes. The girls were making such a big deal about going on a St. Patrick's Day bar crawl, and she just wasn't looking forward to it. \"I still have two names left on that list you guys.\" \"Trisha, come on. You need a day to relax.\" \"You'll have all of spring break to finish it.\" \"I guess you guys are right. A little fun won't hurt,\" said Trisha. \"Maybe you'll see Noah,\" said Dana. Trisha rolled her eyes as her sorority sisters snickered. She and Dana left the house and were joined by Matt, Lou, and Jonathan. The five of them walked to the El Station, dressed in jeans and St. Patrick's-themed shirts. \"Bar crawl! Bar crawl! Bar crawl!\" \"It's too early for this,\" said Trisha. \"It's St. Patty's, Trisha!\" Dana rolled her eyes. \"Fair enough,\" said Trisha. They all went to the Chicago River to watch the river get dyed green for the holiday. \"They use orange dye,\" said Trisha. \"Bullshit!\" said Jonathan. \"No, it's true! I read it somewhere,\" said Trisha. Everyone laughed as they all debated on what bar to go to first. \"We go where the babes are going!\" said Lou. \"I want a good Irish coffee,\" said Jonathan. \"If there's free food, I'm in,\" said Matt. They laughed, eventually agreeing on a bar called Lizzie McNeill's – a beer tent was set up and dispensing beer to revelers. \"I think we'll have a good view of the parade from here, let's go inside,\" said Trisha. They were drinking green beer and eating appetizers, the parade able to be viewed from the front of the bar as well as on TVs in the bar. \"Whoa…\" Jonathan was staring at the TV. Something had caught his attention. \"What's wrong, Jonny boy?\" said Dana. Everyone burst into laughter. \"I think that's Trisha's uncle on the TV!\" His shout caught everyone's attention. Sure enough, Dr. Richard Kimble was running through the street. He eventually disappeared. The group of friends could see two marshals – Sam and another man – checking everywhere. It was in vain. Richard Kimble had vanished. \"Someone should've told Sam this is above his pay grade,\" said Lou. \"Nerds always have their day.\" \"Nerd power!\" Dana, Trisha, and Jonathan yelled. Matt grabbed Jonathan's beer and chugged it. 7 hours later Cosmo and Noah shoved their way through a crowd at Halligan Bar. \"COUSIN!\" Lou ran up and gave Cosmo a hug. \"Don't puke on me. Please,\" said Cosmo. Lou laughed and made his way to a pair of blondes. \"Hi, Noah,\" said Trisha. \"We need to talk,\" said Noah. \"Your uncle almost got Sam arrested.\" \"How?\" Cosmo laughed so much that beer shot out of his nose. \"He told the officers at the prison that Sam was waving a gun around and screaming at a woman,\" said Noah. Trisha tried not to laugh, but she was drunk enough that her efforts were in vain. \"We are nerds, we will always find a way out of our problems,\" Trisha slurred. \"Unlike your boss, who tries to whip it out whenever he gets the chance.\" Cosmo, Lou, and Dana burst into giggles. \"Really, Trish?\" said Noah. \"I meant whip out his Glock, not his cock… ha! That rhymes!\" \"How many beers have you had?\" asked Noah. \"99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer!\" Matt sang. Trisha took Noah's hand and dragged him to the bar. \"Order whatever you want, I'm paying.\" \"I don't drink.\" \"We should take this party to Three Dots and a Dash,\" said Cosmo. Everyone else except Noah groaned. \"That is a tiki bar, Cosmo!\" Dana yelled. Everyone laughed. Another round of beer and shots of Jameson were ordered. Trisha chugged an Irish car bomb, much to Noah's horror. \"You're going to be sick tomorrow!\" \"So what?\" said Trisha. She tripped over a barstool. Noah had to catch her so she wouldn't hit the floor. \"What am I going to do with you?\" Noah whispered. \"Dance with me,\" said Trisha. \"Please?\" \"Dance with her, Newman!\" Cosmo yelled. The two of them moved away from the bar, but they couldn't do much more than slow dance because it was crowded. Sam Gerard popped up on one of the TVs, and the people in the bar began booing. \"Put the game back on!\" someone yelled. \"BOO!\" \"Wow… that's funny,\" said Trisha. \"No it isn't,\" said Noah. \"Okay… maybe a little funny.\" \"They're drunk, I doubt it's personal,\" said Trisha. The group remained at Halligan's bar until midnight, watching the recap of the parade and various sports on the TVs. Cosmo and Lou had talked a group of girls into going to Cosmo's place with them. \"I should probably take these two knuckleheads back to campus,\" Dana slurred. \"Come with us!\" Cosmo slurred. \"And do what? Sleep it off on the couch while you guys have an orgy? Nah!\" \"I was going to take Trisha to a diner. You can come with us,\" said Noah. \"At least one of you is a gentleman,\" said Dana. \"Thank you Noah.\" Cosmo put his hand over his heart and made a wounded face. The three of them wound up at a diner called White Palace Grill. \"Biggs brought me here once. Said this place is open 24 hours,\" said Noah. \"Biggs?\" asked Trisha. \"Bobby Biggs. He's another marshal on the team,\" said Noah. \"He's harmless.\" He caught the eye of a waitress who was kind enough to direct the three of them to a booth. \"Three coffees and three glasses of water please,\" said Noah. \"You all ready to order?\" \"No…\" Trisha muttered. Dana sat across from Trisha and Noah. \"You two need to eat something so you aren't too hungover tomorrow,\" said Noah. \"I was getting annoyed at the bar anyways. You'd think they'd serve the nondrinkers food,\" said Trisha. \"Dana, when do you think the boys will be back?\" \"Not till tomorrow afternoon,\" said Dana. The coffee and water arrived. Trisha stared into her mug with a sad expression on her face. \"What is it?\" asked Noah. \"I miss her.\" \"Helen?\" Trisha nodded. Noah put an arm around her. \"You two are cute but I'm beginning to feel like a third wheel,\" said Dana. \"Sorry,\" Trisha whispered. \"It's fine,\" said Dana. They eventually ordered off the breakfast menu – Trisha and Noah both got corned beef hash and eggs with pancakes while Dana ordered chicken and waffles. They talked about the parade and poked fun at Cosmo for suggesting a tiki bar on St. Patrick's day. \"I've heard it's a fun place, it's just too tropical for an Irish holiday,\" said Trisha. \"You mean a drinking holiday,\" said Dana. Something slid on the floor. It was Trisha's keychain. \"No driving for you tonight,\" said Noah. \"I'm not. The key to the sorority house is on this.\" Trisha picked up her keys and put them back in her purse. Dana and Noah realized that Trisha had gotten very quiet. \"You okay?\" asked Dana. \"No,\" said Trisha. \"I… I just remembered something.\" \"What is it?\" asked Noah. \"I don't wanna talk about it… just take me home. Please?\" Anyone wanna take a guess what she figured out? Review please.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14- The Missing Link It had been a few days since St. Patrick's day. Trisha was one of the few people left in the sorority house because it was the week of spring break. Dana was in Hawaii shadowing a volcanologist. Matt, Jonathan, and Lou were in Vegas. They had invited her to go but she had declined because she hadn't wanted Noah to think her interests lay elsewhere. Ralph had gone to Florida. There was a rumor going around that he and some friends were growing weed in the basement of the frat house they lived in. Such rumors were the least of her problems right now. She had an idea of who was responsible for the death of her aunt – but how? He had had an alibi… or had he? She had checked a few books out of the library on forensic pathology, but she needed to check on a couple leads. They had given her a home – the best way to return that favor would be to get them justice. FLASHBACK June, 1982. \" Wha – what happens now?\" Dead. Her parents were dead. They had been talking… talking about Chicago. Then a crunching sound. The airplane's engine screeching. Walking around until a paramedic found her. An explosion. She was in a hospital – she knew that much. \" Where will I go?\" \" You don't need to worry about that, Honey,\" Helen whispered. \" You're coming home with us,\" said Richard. END FLASHBACK She glanced at her key chain. Had Noah not made that offhanded comment, she might not have remembered. FLASHBACK December, 1984. \" When did you know that you wanted to be a doctor?\" asked Trisha. \" Last year of high school. I hadn't given it much thought until one of my teachers pulled me aside and said I should go for it,\" said Richard. \"Why are you asking?\" \" I want to be a doctor too. I want to help people,\" said Trisha. END FLASHBACK She tried to remember where to start next. She had been picked up by a town car that night… why a town car? Charlie had borrowed it. Charlie had borrowed the car. They had swapped all sorts of things – cars, ties, suits… car keys. Trisha grabbed her keys and a bag of cookies before leaving the sorority house. She had to find a crack in a well-constructed plan. A perfect plan… a perfect murder. FLASHBACK August, 1975. \" What are we supposed to do with a preschooler?\" said Charlie. \" I want chocolate,\" said Trisha. \" I guess that answers your question Chuck. No chocolate right now, Trisha. We're going to the aquarium,\" said Richard. \" Yay!\" She ran up to him and hugged him. \" Ack! My legs!\" said Richard in mock horror. Trisha giggled. END FLASHBACK She got off at an El station and walked towards the garage where her uncle had always brought the cars for repairs. November, 1988. She sat in the observation room, watching her uncle operate, when Charles Nichols came in. He was drinking coffee and holding his pager up to his eyes, staring at it. \" What are you doing?\" asked Charles. \" Homework,\" said Trisha. \" You're always doing homework. Let's go downstairs.\" \" Can't.\" \" Why?\" Trisha pointed at her left leg. It was in a cast. \" What happened?\" said Charles. \" They didn't salt the roads at the bookstore, I slipped,\" said Trisha. \"Besides, the last time you brought me down to the morgue he got mad.\" END FLASHBACK She arrived at the repair shop. Looking around at the various cars and mechanic tinkering under them, she spotted a familiar pair of worn out boots and crouched down. \"Donnie, is that you?\" A young man in his twenties, covered in grease, slid out from under the Ford Mustang he was working on. \"Hello Miss Kimble.\" \"I've told you before, you can call me Trisha.\" \"Yeah. Right. Where's the Mazda?\" \"Car's fine, I walked. I need a favor from you,\" said Trisha. \"I need to know if a BMW was brought in last year. You're the only one I know of who can get into the archives.\" \"I shouldn't, my boss might see.\" Trisha held up the bag of chocolate chip cookies. \"That's not fair, you know I got a habit,\" said Donnie. Trisha laughed. Every time she had brought in her car for maintenance, she had seen Donnie eating cookies. Someone had even stitched a Cookie Monster patch on his uniform. \"I'll do it, but keep an eye out for my boss and give me that bag.\" Trisha handed Donnie the bag of cookies and they went over to the computer. \"What am I looking for?\" asked Donnie between mouthfuls of cookie. \"Dark blue BMW, license plate number 5604271, January 1992,\" said Trisha. Donnie typed in the information. Trisha hoped she was wrong about what she would find, but Donnie's frown told her she wasn't. \"What is it?\" asked Trisha. \"That car wasn't here at all.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yeah,\" said Donnie. \"Thanks, I gotta go.\" She walked out of the repair shop then took off towards the L station at a fast run. Trisha woke up the next day. She was angry enough to hit something. The phone rang. Trisha frowned. She wasn't sure who would be calling her at this hour. \"I was hoping you could meet me at the Hilton,\" said Charles. \"What for? I got homework.\" She thought she heard him laugh on the other end. It made her blood boil. \"You always have homework, Trisha. I will be doing a speech tonight, you should come. Witness history.\" She rolled her eyes. She had bigger things to worry about than the approval of a new drug. There was so much at stake. She couldn't let her uncle down after everything he had done for her. She searched through her closet for clothes, unsure of why she was doing this. \"I want you to wait in the hotel parking lot. If she arrives, finish it.\" She made a pit stop at Chicago Memorial first, and ran down to the morgue. Bones had to be there. He just had to be. He had always been a dear family friend and if anyone could help her, it was him. She saw him. He gestured for her to follow him. She did, and he took a brown package out of a cabinet. \"What is this?\" asked Trisha. \"I was told to destroy it, but I swapped it out.\" \"Swap what out?\" He handed her the package and smiled. \"Don't forget the popcorn.\" It took her a couple minutes to realize what he meant. Popcorn. A movie. It was the tape! \"Thank you,\" said Trisha. \"Why didn't you give this to me earlier?\" \"I didn't want Chuck to know I still had it. I'm sorry,\" said Bones. \"That's okay,\" said Trisha. She ran out one of the back doors in the morgue and got into her car. Sam and Cosmo spotted Dr. Nichols… and Trisha. What was she doing at the hotel? It didn't matter. He could also ask her about the men in the picture, she probably knew them. All of Dr. Kimble's friends knew her as well as they knew him. Dr. Wahlund had even commented that none of them had been surprised that Trisha wanted to be a doctor herself. Sam just found it annoying. It meant another Kimble outsmarting them and knowing how to be two steps ahead. \"Dr. Nichols! Trisha! Hi!\" said Sam. \"Go away,\" Trisha muttered. \"Sorry, can't do that,\" said Cosmo. \"Mr. Gerard,\" said Nichols. Sam had Cosmo give him the photo, and he showed it to them. Neither of them recognized Sykes. \"Has Richard been to see either of you?\" \"No,\" said Nichols. \"No,\" said Trisha. They both turned to leave but Sam stopped them. \"I need to ask you both one more question,\" said Sam. \"See this guy in the purple shirt, the one standing on the right side of the fish? Have either of you seen him before?\" \"No,\" said Nichols. \"I've never seen this person in my life before.\" That was when Sam saw the look on Trisha's face. Her eyes had a look of surprise on them, one she was taking great pains to hide. \"Trisha,\" said Sam. \"Have you – \" \"She hasn't seen him either,\" said Nichols. The marshals left the hotel. \"I need to use the restroom, I'll return shortly,\" said Trisha. She walked in the direction of the bathroom then took a route to one of the hotel's exits. She had the tape and the list in her car. She would go to the Marshals' office, surly Sam would recognize her uncle's voice on the tape. \"Is it finished?\" \"Yes.\" Trisha was almost to the Marshals' office. Her breaks weren't working properly, but she couldn't think about that. The list of one-armed men and the tape proving her uncle's alibi were vital pieces of evidence, evidence she sooner trusted Sam Gerard with than the Chicago Police Department. She tried to stop at a stop sign, but her foot sank to the floor. Trisha realized she was out of brake fluid, but how? The Mazda Miata was only four years old! A truck barreled towards her. She tried to speed out of the way, but it was useless. The truck hit the driver's side of the car and plowed the Mazda into the side of a nearby building. Her last thought was of Richard and Helen before everything went dark.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15- A New Lead With the exception of his colleagues, Samuel Gerard didn't like dealing with women in his line of work. They were opportunistic, bratty, the majority of them trying to hide boyfriends on jackrabbit parole. Family members too, but this case was worse. Trisha Kimble didn't have much left to lose. He couldn't shake that look on her face at the hotel. He did the math. Trisha would've been almost two when Richard and Dr. Nichols graduated medical school. That meant she had known both men her entire life… and had caught her family friend in a lie. About what, though? Dr. Nichols had lied, but about what? He would have to talk to them both, and make sure they were separated this time. \"Is it done?\" \"Yes, but it got messy. She almost got away.\" \"Just get out of there and find Richard!\" \" What do you want to do? Where do you want to go?\" \" The beach? Maybe? I don't know,\" said Trisha. \" You graduated at the top of your class, you deserve some fun,\" said Helen. \"You can pick where we go, this is my treat. Just us girls.\" \" Can we go on a cruise?\" \" Valedictorian's choice,\" said Helen. \" Bet he's wishing he wasn't doing those speeches now,\" said Trisha. The first thing Trisha Kimble felt was pain. It was so bad that she thought she was going to pass out. She tried to move, but her leg was stuck. Why was it stuck? She blacked out again. \"Look at this blowup! This guy in the picture with Sykes – his shirt,\" said Noah. \"Chicago Memorial! That's Kimble's hospital, I want to go down there.\" \"Go!\" said Sam. Noah and Biggs left. \"So when do I get to meet her?\" asked Biggs. \"Who?\" \"Trisha.\" \"Cosmo wasn't supposed to say anything,\" said Noah. They exited the building and saw something that made their hearts drop. A car accident had taken place across the street and it looked pretty bad. \"Call 911!\" Biggs yelled. Biggs ran across the street. The truck driver appeared to have fled the scene. The second vehicle, a black sports car, had one occupant. Biggs was relieved to find a pulse, but the young woman appeared to be in bad shape. Noah gave the dispatcher the address and ran over to help Biggs. \"Where's the driver from the truck?\" asked Noah. \"Rabbited,\" said Biggs. \"I don't think this was an accident.\" Noah didn't think it was an accident either. The driver's side of the black car was nearly obliterated. A moaning sound caught the marshals' attention. \"There's a woman pinned in here,\" said Biggs. \"Hey! We're U.S. Marshals, can you hear me?\" \"No…\" Trisha could barely speak. All the color drained from Noah's face. He knew that voice. He ran over to the driver's side of the car to get a better look at the driver. He barely recognized her, but the resemblance was enough to confirm that it was Trisha. \"Kid?\" \"It's Trisha's car,\" said Noah. \"What?!\" Noah nodded. \"Are you sure?\" said Biggs. \"Read off the plate number.\" Biggs found the license plate and read off the license number. \"That's her car,\" said Noah. \"Trisha? Hey… come on, stay awake!\" \"Hurts…\" Trisha whispered. \"I know. Just keep talking until the ambulance gets here, okay?\" \"Tape… list… Please, you have to take them,\" said Trisha. \"Where are they?\" \"Glove compartment,\" said Trisha. Biggs pried the glove compartment open and grabbed a box. A sheet of paper had been taped to it. \"Biggs has them, don't worry,\" said Noah. \"He wouldn't let me answer,\" Trisha whispered. \"Tell Sam I didn't lie, please? Tell him I tried.\" \"You can tell him yourself, okay?\" said Noah. He had to think of something. He could hear help arriving, but she was pinned in such a way that the fire department would have to get her out. \"How did they meet?\" asked Noah. \"Who…?\" \"Richard and Helen.\" \"Pollock… Jackson Pollock…\" FLASHBACK October, 1974. Richard Kimble hated hospital functions. He had hoped to get out of this one, but there was no such luck. At least this one was at a museum. He could look at paintings for a while and pretend to enjoy himself. He stared at a painting that seemed like blood spatter. A woman was also staring at it. \" Are you familiar with Pollock's work?\" the woman asked. \" No, I'm a surgical resident at Chicago Memorial,\" said Richard. \"Reminds me of what I see in the OR every day.\" The woman put a hand over her mouth, trying not to laugh. Richard began to laugh as well. \" That was awful, I'm sorry,\" said Richard. \" Don't be, drip paintings and blood spatter… not much of a difference when it's on a canvas,\" said the woman. \"My name is Helen.\" \" Dr. Kimble, but call me Richard.\" END FLASHBACK \"Who knew blood was romantic?\" said Biggs. \"It's not,\" said Trisha. The ambulance had arrived, and one of the paramedics was trying to get an IV started. Noah heard someone yelling behind him. It was Cosmo. \"What the hell? I saw her an hour ago!\" Cosmo yelled. Biggs brought the box over. \"She said this was evidence, not sure what it is,\" said Biggs. \"Just get it upstairs.\" \"She gonna be okay?\" \"I don't know. They gotta use the jaws of life to get her out.\" Cosmo left. It felt like an eternity before they got Trisha out of the totaled Mazda and into the ambulance. Biggs went over to a nearby police officer while Noah jumped into the ambulance. \"Secure the scene,\" said Biggs. \"We will be,\" said the officer. \"This appears to be a hit and run.\" Biggs stared at the mangled sports car. This had been much more than a hit and run. Sam looked up to see Cosmo run into the office. The younger man was out of breath, his face pale. \"Sammy…!\" Cosmo ran into Sam's office. \"What now?\" said Sam. \"It's Trisha! She – she – \" \"What did that tart do now?\" \"She got into a car accident!\" Sam stared at Cosmo, who pointed towards the window. Sam saw several emergency vehicles. An ambulance was speeding away. \"What?!\" \"She got t-boned by a truck, Sam. Driver fled the scene, the Mazda was totaled.\" \"Ah, shit… well, I guess there's more than one way to set a trap.\" \"Huh?\" said Cosmo. \"Find out what hospital she was brought to. Kimble will want to see how she's doing.\" Cosmo looked at his boss as if he had grown a second head. \"Biggs said this was evidence. I don't know what's in here,\" said Cosmo. He left the box with Sam and went back to his desk. The ambulance was speeding towards Chicago Memorial. \"You need to keep that oxygen mask on,\" said Noah. \"The brakes… I couldn't stop. Someone hit me. That's why I crashed… I'm so sorry…\" \"It's okay, Trisha. Just hang in there,\" said Noah. They arrived at the hospital. Biggs was already there. \"We need to go upstairs, so if there's any change, please let us know,\" said Biggs. Sam raised an eyebrow at the list of names. He and his team had barely managed to get 34 names, but someone – probably Richard – had narrowed it to five. Frederick Sykes was also on the list, and someone had circled the name in pen. There were also notes by a few other names, and the handwriting all appeared to be Trisha's. It looked like Trisha had done some detective work, and… and what? Richard trying to off his only living relative didn't fit, which meant this was going somewhere he didn't like. It meant that for the first time in a long time, Sam Gerard was wrong. \"I think his name is Alec Lentz… pathologist,\" said the woman. \"I only know his name because he died last summer. Noah and Biggs stared at her in disbelief. Lentz had been their only lead, and he was dead. They took the elevator back down to the ER. A doctor walked up to them. \"Are you two the deputies that came in with that girl?\" \"How is she?\" asked Noah. I got work tonight, hopefully I'll see a review? Or two?[Chapter 16]  ","Summary":" Chapter 1- This Can't Be January 20 th , 1992. She ran down the slush-covered streets of Chicago, a"},{"Movie":"Fugitive","Title":"Return with the Wind","Author":"ChandaK562","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1480641","Passage":"[Chapter 1] June 2nd 2:00 pm Catherine Walsh paced impatiently outside of the courtroom in the little rtown of Hudson, New York wondering which was going to come first; Sam ranswering his phone, the court actually being called into session again or rher next birthday. Finally, a minute later, she heard a click on the other rend of the phone and started to speak only to realize that she had reached rSam's voice mail. \"Sam, it's Catherine,\" she said. She just hoped he checked his messages rsometime before he left for the airport to pick her up. \"I just wanted to rlet you know that this court case is taking longer than I thought. I'm still rwaiting to give my testimony so I'm not sure when I'll be back. I'll just rcatch a cab home from the airport so you won't have to bother coming to get rme.\" She was about to say more when the baliff appeared at the door. \"Got rto go, they're calling us back into court. Bye, Sam.\" June 2nd 2:05 pm The vice-principal poked his head out of his office, thrilled that he had ronly one more day of school to survive before the junior high let out for the rsummer. Just then he spotted the person he was looking for pushing a bucket rof water down the hall. \"Hey, John!\" he called to the young man, motioning for him to leave his rmopping for a moment and come into the office. \"Need you to do me a favor. rThe superintendent,\" this name was spoken as if it was poison, \"wants a rreport on the status of the school this year. Could you run it down to the rcourthouse? You can knock off for the day after you drop it off.\" \"No problem,\" the young man said as he reached out and took the papers rbefore heading for the staff parking lot. He would have happily gone any rplace he had to to get out of having to clean up what would be left in the rwake of all of those kids once they were released from school for the day. rHe sometimes wondered how he had ended up doing this sort of work. He had ralways had a vague feeling he was meant for other things. He always pushed rthat aside though. He knew he was lucky to have the job he did. The vice principal shook his head as he watched the janitor pull out of rthe parking lot. That boy was a wonder and he sometimes had to wonder why rsomeone who seemed so clever was working cleaning up after a horde of future rdelinquents. Of course, he was riding herd on the same delinquents after a rrather expensive college education so he couldn't really say much. He just rhoped John didn't have a run-in with the superintendent down at the rcourthouse. If that man didn't stop with the smart remarks about the boy's rpony-tail, it would be just their luck he would quit and then where would rthey be for a janitor? June 2nd 2:15 pm John was able to find a parking place in front of the courthouse quickly rfor once and hurried towards the building. He looked up as he went, puzzled rby what he was seeing. The clouds were moving one way while the wind was rblowing the trees another. That was wierd. He really hoped they weren't in rfor a storm. He would have a ton of tree limbs to pick up in the morning if rthey were. June 2nd 2:16pm Catherine sat in the courtroom trying not to look as bored as she felt. rBoth sides were just sitting there staring into space and the judge looked rlike he was about to fall asleep. Didn't it occur to these people that some rof them might have a life that they really needed to get back to? Could rthings get any worse? If she ever got out of this state, she swore she rwasn't coming back again. Bad enough that being here just brought back rmemories of her last visit, and poor Noah and how they lost him. Just then a bailiff came into the courtroom and approached the judge, rwhispering something that made the man look more alert than Catherine had rseen him during the entire case before turning to face the others in the rcourtroom. \"Everyone please remain calm,\" the bailiff told the people in what he rhoped was a voice that hid his concern, \"There's been a tornado warning rissued for this county and we're going to need to move everyone down to the rbasement until the warning's lifted. Please don't panic but move quietly out rof the courtroom and to the stairs on the left.\" Catherine and most of the people were already moving before the bailiff rfinished speaking. Once outside the courtroom, the crowd seemed to divide, rmany people rushing to peer out the doors and windows, while others hurried rto alert friends in other parts of the building. Catherine was a bit rdisoriented by the people rushing everywhere as she looked around for the rstairs she had been told about. Suddenly she felt herself showed into rsomeone. \"Are you okay?\" John asked as he looked down at the woman. He started rto say something else but his words were suddenly cut off by what sounded rlike a cross between the largest freight train in the world and a jet engine, rright outside the building. June 2nd 2:17 pm The swirling funnel cloud touched down barely a block from the rcourthouse, cutting a swath as it aimed directly at the building. A loud rrattling sound filled the air as it swooped down. Inside the courthouse, rpanic reigned as the people at the door saw the funnel cloud approaching. Catherine was momentarily paralyzed by shock and then suddenly the rtwister was there. Things were instantly thrown into chaos as people began rto scream and try to find some sort of cover. She struggled to move, to run, rbut the wind inside the building was so strong, every loose object seemed to rbe some sort of weapon now, the tornado seizing them and sending them flying rin random directions. The air pressure was so low Catherine gasped, fighting rfor air. She forced her head up and was horrified to see bits of the rbuilding being ripped away by the powerful winds. And beyond that... odd, rshe thought to herself, as she gazed up into a maelstrom. I never thought rabout a tornado being hollow. Sam, I guess I'm gonna be even later than I rthought. She forced herself to close her eyes, to duck her head low, rcovering her head with her arms, the only thing she could do now to try to rprotect herself as the horrible roaring noise increased, filling her head runtil she thought it would explode. She could feel things slamming into her rand suddenly there was something lifting her off of her feet, dragging her up rslightly before sending her flying. She felt herself crashing into rsomething, a searing pain ripping through her head and stomach as she found rherself falling before she finally felt no more. June 2nd 2:18 pm The silence that filled the town was only broken by the light pattering rof rain that was heard once more. Only one thing was different in the town rof Hudson, New York. The courthouse had been demolished.[Chapter 2] June 2nd 2:30 pm Sam Gerard's team had returned to the office an hour earlier, the rfugitive they had been pursuing safely behind bars once more, and now the rteam was ready for some serious unwinding. Cosmo Renfro, Bobby Biggs and rSavannah Cooper were all clustered around Cosmo's desk, digging into the rpizza that had just been delivered when Frank Henry came wandering over. \"Hey, Frank, help yourself,\" 'Vannah said as she motioned towards the rpizza. \"Thanks,\" Frank said as he reached for a slice with one hand while going rinto his pocket with the other. A moment later, he pulled out a small rhandheld television. \"Anyone want to take a look at this? Just got it ryesterday for my birthday.\" \"What sort of reception do you get with this thing?\" Bobby asked as he rtook the set and started to fool with it, flipping it on to check out what rwas available. Oh, something like this would be perfect for those long, rboring survalence assignments! \"Think I know what's going on my birthday wish list,\" Cosmo said with a rchuckle as he also admired the little television. \"First you'd have to get someone who likes you enough to give you rsomething, Cos,\" 'Vannah said with a chuckle. The group was still checking out the little set several minutes later rwhen Cosmo noticed something. \"Hey, flip that back for a minute. Want to rsee what the news is saying.\" Bobby changed the channel back not quite sure why Cosmo was interested in rthe weather report. \"And here's Claudia Maretch bringing us the latest on the string of rtornados that are currently cutting a three county wide path in New York. rClaudia?\" the man at the desk said before cutting to the field report. \"Rick, we're here in the town of Hudson, the area that's currently seeing rthe worst of these storms. Just minutes ago, a tornado was confirmed on the rground. That cell hit the courthouse and as you can see.....\" the cameraman rswung his equipment around to give the viewers a good look at the rdevastation, the demolished courthouse and people picking their way out of rthe rubble and wandering around in a daze. Cosmo concentrated for a minute as he listened. He wasn't totally sure rbut wasn't Hudson where Catherine was going to testify in that court case? rHe shook his head trying to remain focused. Maybe he was wrong and even if rhe wasn't, the case wasn't supposed to last long. Cath was probably already rhalfway home by now. Just then Sam Gerard came through, checking his voice messages as he rlooked over to see what in the world his team was looking at so intently.r \"Hey, Sam,\" Cosmo said as he hurried over. \"You remember the name of rthe town where Cath was going to testify today?\" \"Hudson, Hudson, New York. Not sure when she'll be back. She left a rmessage that the case was taking longer than she thought,\" Sam said, not rreally sure why Cosmo was asking him. Cosmo visibly paled when what Sam had just said sunk in. That meant that rCatherine was definately in that building when..... \"Uh, Sam, they just had rsomething on the news about some tornados in New York and.... Uh, it looks rlike the Hudson courthouse got hit pretty bad. Are you sure that Cath was rthere when she left the message or could she maybe have been calling from....\" \"What?\" Sam demanded, stalking over and taking the television from rBobby, staring silently at the screan for a minute as more pictures of the rdevistation were shown before turning and heading for the door. \"Get on the rphone and get me a flight now! I want them ready to go by the time I get to rthe airport!\"[Chapter 3] January 2nd 2:20 pm John slowly shook his head to clear it as the roaring noise finally died raway and he could actually hear again. He slowly elbowed himself into a rsitting position, things crackling under him as he moved, shocked when he rfelt that other than some bruising that he was actually in one piece. He sat rthere in a daze for a moment before starting to try to work out where he was. r Some light was filtering in, letting him see around the area. He glanced rup, noting what remained of a stairway, now jammed with debris and pretty rmuch impassible. It must have offered some sort of shelter though because rthe area near it was pretty much clear of the rubble from what appeared to be rthe floor above. John pulled himself to his feet, glancing down as he stood rto see what he had been lying on, letting out a light chuckle when he rrealized that the piles of papers were in fact the old perminant records from rthe school. \"Shows what I know, trying to make them behave all those times. Should rhave let them do what they wanted. Would have had a much bigger pile to land rin.\" Thinking of the records reminded him suddenly of the kids at the school rand what had just happened to the quiet little town and suddenly he was rfrightened. Sure the kids were pains, but if anything happened to them.... rAnd it wasn't just the kids he worked with either. There were their brothers rand sisters at the high school and elementary school that had became familiar rto him in the three years he had been there. If anything had happened.... rOh, this was bad. And the people who had been in the courthouse.... He rleaned unsteadily against the wall for a moment to try to focus when he rsuddenly heard a low moan coming from somewhere off to his left, within the rrubble. \"Hey, is someone there?\" John called as he turned towards the sound, rstarting to quickly but carefully push things out of the way to try to find rthe source of the sound. He heard another moan, closer this time. Something rabout that.... Something was familiar but.... Then suddenly it hit him, the rwoman who had bumped into him right before the tornado struck. \"Marshal rWalsh? Catherine?\" The name was right, he didn't know how he knew that but rsomehow he knew that the name he had called was right. Catherine felt herself being drawn fully back to consciousness by the rsound of a voice calling her name. Her eyes blinked open, not quite sure of rwhat was going on. Why was it so dark all of a sudden and why.... It was so rhard to think and she felt her eyes starting to slip closed again. Her rstomach and head both throbbed with a stabbing pain and it was almost rimpossible to breathe. \"Catherine?\" There was that voice calling her name again.... and then rthere was suddenly a bit of light above her, a hand reaching through the rrubble and squeezing her hand firmly. John let out a sigh of relief when he felt a squeeze of his hand, his rmind now turning to how in the world he was going to get the poor woman free. r The one thing that really worried him was what looked like part of a desk rlying across her chest. \"Cath, I'm going to have to let go of your hand for ra minute, okay? Just take really slow breaths and I'll have this stuff off ryou in just a few minutes.\" Most of the debris was fairly easy to get off of rher but the desk piece was harder and she let out a weak moan of pain as he rshoved it out of the way. \"Catherine? Cath, you still with me? Open your eyes, okay?\" She could feel someone touching her gently as she forced her eyes open ragain. The person kneeling beside her was fuzzy at first but then her vision rcleared a bit and.... \"Noah?\" she whispered.[Chapter 4] June 2nd 2:25 pm Noah? John staggered as a wave of dizziness washed over him upon hearing rthe name. A sea of faces and things, strange and yet familiar flickered in rfront of his eyes, a man, determined, resolute, someone running, a.... rSuddenly a low moan broke through the vision he was caught in. He shook his rhead as he forced his attention back to Catherine again. He could figure out rwhat in the world was going on later. She obviously needed help. That name rjust felt so right though. \"Noah?\" Catherine whispered, a slight smile on her lips at the sight of rthe young marshal they had lost so tragically. Somewhere in the back of her rmind, she knew it couldn't be good for her to be seeing a dead man but at the rmoment, she didn't really care. \"You.... you look good, Noah. Do you know rhow much we've missed you?\" \"I've.... I've missed you too,\" he said gently, suddenly realizing he rwas sincere, as he reached out, taking Catherine's hand in his, feeling the rpulse in her wrist. Weak, rapid, definitely not good. He quickly ran his reyes over her. There was blood on the side of her head but it looked like rthat had stopped on its own and wasn't enough to be much of a problem. rSomething else had to be going on. \"Catherine, can you tell me if you're rhurting somewhere?\" \"We loved you so much, Noah,\" Catherine continued, seemingly oblivious rto the question. \"Sam thought of you as a son. Did you know that? I rthought he would die when we lost you.\" Sam.... More images came swirling around him at the sound of the name rand he had to struggle to for a moment to regain control. He managed to grab rone bit before forcing the images away again. Sam was US Marshal Sam Gerard. r His.... boss...? \"Noah, I'm so glad if someone had to come for me it was you,\" Catherine rwhispered. \"Noah, I can't go with you though. I can't.... If Sam loses rsomeone else.... it will kill him. I can't do that to him.\" \"It's okay. Just try to tell me if anything hurts, okay?\" he said rsoftly but he hoped firmly enough to get her to listen. He gently felt her rhead and neck, relieved that the only obvious problem he found was the cut on rthe side of her head. He hesitated for a minute before reaching out and runfastening the buttons of her blouse, moving the silky fabric aside slightly rso he could check for possible damage. \"Cath?\" Her eyes had slipped shut ragain and he had to call loudly to rouse her. \"I'm just going to check and rtry to figure out what you hurt, okay? You tell me if I touch anything that rhurts you.\" He let out a slight sigh of relief when a careful check of her chest rdidn't seem to find any problems. He knew from experience chest injuries rweren't good. When he moved to her abdomen though, he knew he had found the rproblem. He could see a large, dark bruise and the second he touched the rarea, she moaned in pain and tried to roll away. \"No, don't move! It's okay. Just stay still!\" Abdominal muscles rigid, rbruising.... She had to have injured something in there pretty seriously. rHe quickly fastened her blouse back up and then reached up again, gently rfeeling her forehead before shrugging off his light windbreaker and tucking rit over her. He doubted that would be enough though and glanced around rlooking for something else before his eyes fell on the papers he had fallen ron. He jumped up and rushed to the pile, coming back a moment later with his rhands full. \"Cath, just going to put these here to keep you from getting cold, okay?\" r he said as he crumpled the papers one by one, tucking them under his jacket rand over Catherine's legs. He reached out again and gently patted her hand ras soon as he had covered her the best he could. \"You just lie still, okay? rI'm going to see what I can do about getting us out of here.\"[Chapter 5] June 2nd 2:30 pm The young man stared anxiously at the pile of debris blocking the stairs, the only exit he could find easily from the basement. At first glance, it seemed that the rubble would be impossible to move but with a shake of his head, he reached for the first piece and started to pull, sighing when it finally came free after a moment's effort and he could shove it out of the way. It would take some time but he was sure that he could get them out of there. Mess wasn't any worse than what had happened at the school science fair when the children had learned the principle of a chain reaction and he had learned the principle of a total unmitigated disaster. rHe shook his head again at the thought of the kids. He really hoped that they were all okay. Suddenly he heard a moan and stopped pulling at the next piece of debris, hurrying back to Catherine's side once more. \"Catherine?\" he called gently as he knelt down beside her. \"Sam?\" her hand twitched weakly as if searching for something and Noah reached out and gently held her hand with both of his. \"Sam's on his way, Cath. He's going to be here real soon,\" Noah said in what he hoped would be a reassuring tone. \"I'm going to take care of things until he gets here and finds us. Come on, now. Open your eyes for me.\" \"Noah?\" Catherine whispered as she slowly opened her eyes, looking up at the young man as if she was seeing him for the first time. \"What are you doing here, Noah?\" \"Getting us dug out of here and I need you to try to help me, okay?\" he said gently trying to keep the worry out of his voice. Sam better be on his way was all he could think of. He felt confident that Sam was in fact coming to look for them but at the same time he felt a discomfort he didn't understand. \"I want you to talk to me while I'm getting that stuff out of the way so we can get out of here. Think you can do that?\" \"Noah?\" Catherine whispered again, not even acting like she had heard the young man's request. \"Cath, it's okay.\" He patted her hand again before pulling himself to his feet. \"I'm going to get us out of here. Just talk to me, okay? Don't go to sleep. Cath, I've got to hear someone down here or I'm not going to be able to make it through digging us out, okay?\" More memories washed over him as he moved to the giant pile of debris and started to pull again, faces dancing before his eyes in an illusive motion. \"Why don't you tell me about.... Um..... The guy with that funny looking hair and the clothes thing? What's his name?\" \"Cosmo?\" Catherine murmured her mind having to struggle into focus to recall the name herself. The young man let out a pleased laugh at the sound of the name, more images coming back with it. \"Yeah, Cosmo, how's he doing? He had to find a bigger place for his wardrobe yet?\"[Chapter 6] June 2nd 2:55 pm Sam glanced out the small window of the plane, taking some comfort as he rsaw Chicago becoming a smaller and smaller speck as he waited for an answer ron his cell phone. 'Catherine, where are you?' he thought, slamming the connection closed rwhen he got Catherine's voice mail for the twentieth time since he had rreached the plane. He didn't know what Cosmo had told them to get them hold rthe flight for him but it had still been waiting at the airport when he had rarrived after a mad dash that he normally would have arrested himself for. He keyed in another number, thinking about the possible storm damage that rthey might be dealing with as he waited for an answer. Cell towers were rlikely down in at least parts of the town. Made sense for him not to reach rCatherine that way but still.... \"Sam?\" Cosmo said as he snatched his phone up. \"Has Catherine called in yet?\" Sam demanded. If she couldn't reach his rcell then she would have definately tried to get through to the office to let rthem know what was happening. \"No word yet,\" Cosmo said with a shake of his head. \"I've got Frank rtrying to get hold of the local police, see if they might know something but rwith the way the weather's looking out there.... They've had at least four rmore tornadoes on the ground besides the one that hit the courthouse. Any rphonelines they've got still standing are probably tied up with emergency rcalls. He's going to keep at it until he gets someone, though. Sam, Cath's rgoing to be fine.\" Sam was silent for a moment, his mind unconsciously going back to the rlast time he had been on a plane to New York and what had happened on that rtrip, what they had lost. Not again, not again. \"Sam, you still there?\" Cosmo said in a worried tone when the other rmarshal had been silent for much too long. \"We're trying to get space on the rnext flight out but it looks like that's going to take awhile. Anything you rwant us to do while we're waiting?\" \"Clothes, go by Cath's place and pick up some clothes for her,\" Sam said rafter a moment. \"Keys ought to be in her top desk drawer.\" Despite the rworry of the situation, Sam grinned a bit at the thought of his team going to rCatherine's to select something for her to wear. Who knows what they would rend up finding appropriate. \"Will do. Sam, try not to worry about her, okay? Cath's probably rsomewhere right now trying to get hold of us and let us know she's going to rbe even later than planned. Lady can take care of herself.\" Sam stared out the window again as the called ended, knowing that what rCosmo said was right, that Catherine could take care of herself perfectly rwell but at the same time he couldn't escape his concern. 'Noah, if you're up there, take care of her for me, son. Take care of rher.' he thought as he closed his eyes for a moment. It was looking to be a rvery long trip. ******* June 2nd 3:15 pm \"Looks like being the boss pays well,\" Bobby Biggs commented as Cosmo runlocked the door of Catherine's apartment and the trio stepped inside. The rdecor was understated but obviously elegant. The three marshals moved down rin what they hoped was the direction of the bedroom a bit hesitently, a bit runcomfortable able being there. Place seemed so empty for some reason, ralmost like Noah's apartment after..... \"Bobby, see if you can find a bag or something,\" 'Vannah said as they rentered the bedroom and she went over to the closet, pulling it open and rflipping rapidly through the neat row of garments. \"How about this?\" Cosmo said as he reached around 'Vannah and pulled out rwhat was obviously a very expensive business suit. \"Cos, the woman was just in a building hit by a tornado. I don't think rshe's going to be wanting to get all dressed up. Probably has bruises reverywhere,\" 'Vannah muttered. \"Surely she has some casual....\" Finally rher fingers touched something that she thought might be suitable and pulled rout a large shirt. She frowned a bit in puzzlement. The thing looked too rbig for Catherine. \"That's Sam's,\" Cosmo said with a grin, spotting some casual slacks and rhanding them to 'Vannah as he spoke. \"I don't even want to know,\" she muttered with a shake of her head a she rturned to find that Bobby had found a carryon bag and was now digging through rthe dresser drawers. \"Let me do that,\" 'Vannah muttered as she hurried over, making a mental rnote that someone was going to have to come and straighten up Catherine's runmentionables' drawer before she could see it. She rapidly searched through rthe drawer, selecting what seemed to be the simplest things she could find, rplain cotton underthings and a couple of large sleep shirts. As she was rputting them in the bag, Cosmo's cell phone rang. \"Frank, you got hold of....\" he said as he quickly answered it. \"Oh, rokay. Yeah, just keep trying. Surely they'll get an open line going soon.\" \"No news?\" Bobby asked as Cosmo cut off the call and 'Vannah headed for rthe bathroom to grab a few more things. \"Lines are still either down or overloaded. He did manage to get us rseats on the next flight out though. You about ready, 'Vannah?\" \"Yeah,\" she said as she came in with several bottles and plastic rcontainers that she shoved into the bag before zipping it closed. \"Thought we might as well head over to Sam's and snag some stuff for him rtoo. We've got a couple of hours before the plane leaves,\" Cosmo said as rthey headed for the door.[Chapter 7] June 2nd 3:00 pm \"Catherine?\" the young man called as he shoved away yet another bit of the seemingly endless pile of debris blocking the stairway. He had been working for he didn't know how long and he was beginning to think that this mess was definately worse than the science fair disaster. With a soft sigh, he moved to Catherine's side again, kneeling next to her and reaching out, gently touching her cheek to rouse her again. \"Cath, come on. Open your eyes.\" \"Sam?\" she whispered as her eyelids fluttered, her hand twitching in search of something. \"Sam, where are you?\" \"He's on his way, Cath. He's on his way. You just keep talking to me, alright?\" \"Noah?\" her eyes finally flicked open and she stared up at him, once more seeming as if she couldn't remember seeing him before. Something just didn't seem right about the situation. Why was Noah here? \"It's okay, Cath.\" he said as he gently patted her, feeling her pulse again as he held her hand. Still way too fast and thready. Definately not good. \"We're going to be out of here soon. Think you can keep talking to me until I can get the rest of that stuff out of the way?\" \"Do you know how much Sam misses you, Noah? When we lost you..... I thought we were going to loose Sam too, Noah. He.... It was so bad, he pulled away from all of us. He almost killed a man because he thought he killed you. He loved you so much. You were the only son he had.\" Noah stared at his superior, shocked. Son? Almost killed....He sent up a frantic prayer. Oh, God, no... Sam... \"He.... Cath, he didn't do anything to....\" He struggled for a moment, the face of a black man running dancing before him but just out of reach. What if Sam was in prison? \"Sheridan? Or whatever his last name really was? Sam didn't do anything to him, did he? Because it was that guy, one who looked kind of weaselly....\" \"He got your killer, Noah. And that night he cried in my arms. Only time I've seen Sam cry, did you know that? I don't think he's ever really gotten over loosing you. He's been different ever since, more isolated, harder.\" Sam.... cried... over me? \"Sam. Now there's something we can talk about,\" he said. He definately had questions about Sam but at the same time he wanted to keep the conversation away from how much people had missed him. He had the strangest feeling every time that he thought of that. \"Does he still like those donuts, the chocolate ones with the sprinkles?\" Catherine nodded weakly, smiling slightly as pleasant memories came back to her, taking her away momentarily from the situation. \"You know, one of the dads at school does catering.\" He remarked. \"Always makes the best chocolate donuts for the staff at the end of the year. Supposed to be some motivation for surviving another year intact, I think. Looks like Sam's going to be just in time for the donuts.\" he said with a slight grin as he started to stand. Suddenly, the two heard a loud roaring and a moment later, the remains of the building begin to shake violently. he fell to his knees and threw himself over Catherine, frightened he might hurt her worse but at the same time knowing he had to protect her somehow. More pieces of the building crashed around them and one piece glanced off of the young man as he huddled over Catherine leaving a cut that he didn't even feel on his arm. Damn, not again, he thought. \"Tornado? 'Nother tornado?\" she murmured after what felt like hours before the shaking finally stopped. He slowly nodded, gently examining Catherine to make sure that he hadn't done any further damage before shakily pulling himself to his feet. They had to get out of here quickly before things got even worse. Suddenly she twitched slightly, her eyes widening with panic as she reached out, trying to somehow pull herself to her feet. \"Out of here, got to get out of here before....\" \"Cath, calm down!\" he cried as he moved back to her side again, reaching out and catching either shoulder to keep her from moving. No! No!\" She screamed, thrashing about in a desperate effort to get on her feet and get away. \"Got to get out of here!\" \"No, Catherine! Don't move! It's gone. It's okay. It's over and I'm not going to let anything happen to you.\" he stared into her large frightened eyes for a moment before laying down next to her and snuggling against her as best he could without moving her. She was breathing rapidly, almost hyperventilating and he knew that couldn't be good. He reached out and gently stroked her face. \"Cath, I'm going to take care of you, I promise. Going to do just what Sam would do until he can get here and find us.\" He felt her relax at that, her breathing slowing gradually. The two laid there like that for several minutes before he thought she was calm enough for him to get back to work again. \"Okay, Cath. Time to get us out of here,\" he muttered as he rose slowly and started to tug at the debris again. \"So, tell me more about how things are going at the office? 'Vannah still there? How about Bobby? Better not let him know about those catered donuts. Wouldn't be anything left, would there?\"[Chapter 8] June 2nd 3:20 pm \"Noah?\" Catherine called in a weak voice, causing him to stop what he was doing pulling rubble out of the way and hurry to her side once more. She forced herself to smile slightly at him when he bent over her, so young and sweet, she really had missed that boy. \"You feeling okay?\" he asked gently as he knelt beside her, reaching out and taking her hand in his. \"Pile isn't that bad. I'm going to have us out of here real soon so we can get you patched up and back home where we belong.\" He hoped that he would have them out of there soon anyway. Surely someone had to be mounting a search and rescue operation by now. Of course, seeing as most of the people who would be running a search and rescue were either located in or near the courthouse, they might have to wait a bit for them to be located first. He just hoped that someone came looking for them soon. Catherine needed a hospital now. \"Little cold,\" Catherine murmured quietly as she squeezed his hand. \"You know I really am glad to see you again, Noah.\" \"I'm glad to see you too and I promise I'm going to take care of you.\" Noah said as he gently patted her before pulling himself to his feet again and going to get more of the papers, crumpling them and packing them around Catherine. \"That feel better?\" She slowly nodded as he moved back to the rubble and started to tug. Something seemed wrong somehow but her mind was too fuzzy at the moment to put her finger on whatever was bothering her. \"So, how have things been at the office? Sam got himself into any other messes like the chicken suit? You did get a chance to see that, right?\" \"He's been so hard since we lost you, Noah,\" Catherine whispered, her eyes misting slightly as she thought of the changes in the marshal, the man she still loved with all her heart. \"He won't.... If he has to go through loosing someone else.... Please..... I can't do that to him. Don't take me back with you. It would kill him.\" \"Hey, I'm going to get you out of here, okay? Mess isn't too bad. Believe me, I've seen way worse,\" Noah said as he turned to face her for a minute, puzzled at her last statement. Don't take me back with you? What did that mean? Had she hurt her head worse than he thought perhaps? He had to get them out of there. If anything happened to her.... \"Do you know what time it is? Don't need a watch at school. You can pretty much guess the time from the students coming to trample anyone in their paths.\" \"Three twenty-something?\" Catherine murmured as she struggled for a moment before moving her arm to where she could see the face of her watch. \"Thought it was around then,\" he said with a shake of his head. \"I was getting the feeling of impending doom that signals the dismissal bell. Sam's probably already halfway here, don't you think? Wonder if he had to commandeer a plane the way he did that car?\" Catherine didn't say anything, her mind focused on Sam and the fact that he was on his way. Silently she closed her eyes and began to pray. She wasn't really sure she deserved it but she begged for her life to be spared somehow, not for herself but for Sam. She would not put him through a replay of what happened with Noah. \"Cath? Not going to sleep on me, are you?\" Noah called worridly bringing her back to the current situation once more. \"So, why don't you tell me some more about the stuff I've missed? I already figure I owe everyone three years of back birthday and Christmas presents. Any other gifts I'll be needing to get; baby, wedding? You and Sam ever get back together?\" \"No, Noah, no... other presents,\" Catherine told him weakly. \"And no, Sam and I aren't back together. Sam... isn't seeing anyone, Won't let anyone close, not even me....\" That had hurt for Sam to shut her out so completely after all they had been through together. She paused for a long moment, and Noah stopped his work to watch her, concerned. \"Noah, please don't take me with you. He's already lost you. If he loses me, too... He may do something... despirate...\" She would do anything, anything in her power to spare Sam more suffering. Noah's eyebrows shot upward as he finally realized what Catherine thought. \"Oh, Cath,\" he said softly moving back to her side. He didn't know why in the world she was thinking what she was but he hoped it didn't mean the head injury was worse. \"Cath, I'm not dead, and I haven't come for you. I... don't know exactly why I'm here, but I'm going take care of you until Sam gets here. I'm not gonna let you die, Cath. I'm not.\" The last was said with emphasis, a look of determination in his eyes. Catherine stared into those eyes, recognizing the look. It was the same look Sam Gerard used when he was fixated on a goal. No wonder Sam loved him som she thought; Noah's a younger version of Sam but without the hardness, the haunted air that had hovered over Sam for the last three years.. A motherly feeling washed over her, and she looked at the young man with pride. I wish I had taken more time to get to know him better. I wish he had lived, she thought. I wish.... She let her eyes roam over his features, his build as she mused. Sam and I could have had a son like him, she thought wistfully. Maybe even treated Noah like our son... if Noah had lived... and Sam and I had... Then her gaze fell on his arm. Her eyes widened. \"\"Noah....\" she whispered, shock and wonder in her voice. \"You're... bleeding....\"[Chapter 9] June 2nd 3:25 pm \"Noah?\" Catherine stared at the blood on the young man's arm in rnrnfacination, her hand slowly reaching out and gently touching it. \"It's okay, Cath. It's just a cut,\" Noah said as he stared at her with rnrna slightly puzzled look, not really sure why she was focusing so on the minor rnrninjury. He hadn't even noticed it until she had said something. \"I've had rnrnworse before. Roller skates on the stairs, explosions in the science room, rnrnwhatever they're trying to claim is food in the cafeteria, this is really rnrnnothing.\" Catherine slowly rubbed her fingers together, blood, fresh blood making rnrnthem slightly sticky. How was this.... She reached out, her movements shaky rnrnbut determined, taking hold of his hand in hers, pressing her fingers against rnrnhis wrist. \"Noah?\" she whispered again as she felt a throbbing, a strong, rnrnquick throbbing beneath her fingers. Noah's pulse. How was this possible? \"You rnrnwere shot. Royce shot you twice in the chest.\" She fumbled again, trying to rnrnpull herself up into a sitting position, her hands reaching for his shirt. rnrn\"You were... Noah, you were dead!\" \"Cath, lie still, okay? You need to stay still right now,\" Noah said rnrngently reaching out and putting a hand on her shoulder, keeping her from moving. rnrnHe hesitated for a moment before reaching for the buttons of his shirt with rnrnthe other hand. He really didn't like for people to see this. One of the few rnrnperks of his job was that he didn't make enough to afford beach trips. If rnrnCatherine needed to see for some reason though..... \"Noah....\" she whispered as he slowly, hesitantly opened his shirt, rnrnreaching out to gently finger the scars, angry white slashes and pock marks rnrnmarring Noah's smooth flesh. A vertical line straight down the length of his chest, rnrna more jagged cut on the left, short incisions along the bottom of his rnrnribcage where tubes must have gone, other pockmarks that she assumed the bullets.... rnrnShe closed her eyes for a moment, imagining what the injuries must have rnrnlooked like when they were fresh. She had heard enough about what had happened to rnrnNoah to form a mental picture of the injuries but to be seeing it like rnrnthis.... No wonder Sam had reacted the way he did, having to see something like rnrnthat first hand. \"Cath, it's okay. I'm fine.\" Noah whispered softly as he gently stroked rnrnher face with one hand as he fumbled around fastening his shirt with the rnrnother. \"And I'm going to get you out of here and patched up, okay? You're going rnrnto be just fine too.\" \"How? This is.... How?\" Catherine whispered as she tried to pull rnrnherself once more, wanting to do nothing more than embrace the young man and cry rnrnfor joy. Sam would be so happy. They had been given a miracle, the best rnrnmiracle they could recieve. She smiled slightly at the thought of Sam and how he rnrnwould react when he laid eyes on the young man they thought was lost forever. \"Shhhsssshhh. Be still, okay?\" Noah said as he leaned down, tenderly rnrnhugging her as best he could without moving her. \"I wish I could tell you how rnrnthis happened but I don't know.. Wish I could have remembered any of this. I rnrnjust... don't.\" \"Sam.... Oh, Noah when he sees you.....\" Catherine whispered as she rnrnstared up at him, her hand reaching out and caressing his face. \"He has missed rnrnyou so bad! And... and I have, too...\" \"I missed him too, missed all of you. But somehow I don't think Sam rnrnmissing me is going to stop him from complaining if I don't get busy seeing about rnrngetting us dug out of here, though,\" Noah said with a soft chuckle. Despite rnrnthe odd feelings he had whenever Catherine said how much he had been missed, rnrnhe had to admit that he had missed his friends terribly, even if he hadn't rnrnremembered them; he had sensed the hole, the emptiness, just the same. He had rnrnrelucantly resigned himself to living with it somehow but now... \"You just lie rnrnstill and we'll talk, okay? I'll have us out of here as fast as I can.\" \"Noah....\" Suddenly a frightening thought hit her. What if something rnrnhappened to him? She couldn't let him risk himself for her. \"Noah, stop. rnrnPlease, stop.\"[Chapter 10] June 2nd 3:45 pm Twenty-eight paces, twenty-eight paces from his seat to the rear of the rnairplane and another twenty-eight back again. Sam had paced that distance long rnenough to memorize every pattern, every nuance in the floor of the aircraft. rnHe should be running over plans, making decisions about what to do when he rnarrived but for some reason, for the first time in his life, he just couldn'trndo it. He dropped back into his seat once more, motioning with one hand for the rnattendant to bring him the phone. Surely by now they would have heard rnsomething. \"Tell me she called,\" he barked the second Cosmo answered the ringing rncell phone. \"No news from Cath yet, Sam,\" Cosmo said, an apologetic tone in his rnvoice that caused the other two marshals to look up from what they were doing rnraiding Sam's closet. After a moment of awkward silence, he continued on. rn\"Frank did finally get hold of someone at the courthouse just a few minutes ago, rnthough.\" \"They don't know where she is?\" Sam asked, quietly but with an intensity rnto his voice. \"Frank said it sounded like things were totally crazy there, Sam,\" Cosmo rntold him with a shake of his head. Sam wouldn't show it, he knew, but he had rnto be concerned that Catherine was apparently still missing. \"They're lucky rnto know where they are, let alone anyone else. Odds are that Catherine's rnsomewhere trying to find a phone and get through to us to let us know where she rnis.\" \"Any idea how bad it is?\" Sam asked slowly, knowing Cosmo was trying to rnoffer him some comfort but at the same time.... \"No fatalities so far. Lot of roofs off, couple of buildings had trees rngo through them. They're still working on search and rescue.\" Cosmo paused rnfor a minute, not sure of exactly how Sam would react to the next bit of news rngiven the circumstances. \"Sam, the deputy that talked to Frank said that they rnhad a couple of prisoners that look to have escaped right after the courthouse rngot hit. He was hoping we could give them a hand in rounding them up.\"vrn\"Tell Frank to call New York, have them send someone down to manage it.\" rnSam paused for a moment. \"Too personally involved in this one, Cosmo.\" rnAwww, Cath would just love it if she could hear him saying that especiallyrnafter what had happened the last time he had got himself personally involved in rnsomething. Cosmo stared at the phone in his hands stunned for a moment, not quite rnbelieving what he had heard, that Sam Gerard, the most dogged marshal inrnhistory once he was on a fugitive's trail had just turned down a hunt. He shook his rnhead to focus, motioning to Bobby and 'Vannah to keep packing, before starting rnto talk again. \"I'll tell Frank to let them know. Oh, and Sam, he's got us rnon the next flight out. You'll probably have Catherine safe and sound rnsomewhere by then but...\" \"I'll let you know if you don't need to come out,\" Sam said quietly rnbefore cutting off the connection. He knew he had shocked Cosmo with turningrntown the chance to chase a fugitive but he just couldn't do it, not now. For the rnlast three years, he had been a marshal and nothing more. Now he needed to be rna man, though, the man who loved Catherine. He closed his eyes again, very rntired, as his thoughts drifted to Catherine and then to Noah. He knew he had rnhurt her, had hurt everyone with how he had cut them out ever since Noah's rndeath. At the time, it had seemed best but now.... He started to silently pray. Just let him find Cath, he didn't want her rnto be hurt, he just wanted to be able to gather her into his arms and make her rnforget how he had treated her for the last three years had ever happened, but rnif she was hurt.... He would do anything, he would accept any sort of rninjury.... It didn't matter to him as long as they could be together and herncould hold her once more. He swore silently that when he found her he would do rnwhatever it took to make things up to her. They would make a fresh start ofrnit. He felt himself smiling slightly despite the situation. Never thought he would rnbe willing to do that after so long and being so set in his ways. Who knows, rnmaybe even kids? He wasn't sure if at his and Cath's age, but if she wanted rnto try.... His mind unconsciously wondered to Noah as he thought of children, rnboy had been all he could have asked for in a son. He felt a familiar rnstinging in his eyes that always accompanied any thought of the young marshalrnthey had lost so tragically. 'Noah, you were the best son any man could have ever wanted. Just take rncare of her for me, son. Take care of her,' he silently prayed.[Chapter 11] June 2nd 3:30 pm \"Cath?\" Noah said as he moved back to her side once more, kneeling next rnrnto her and taking her hand in his, feeling her pulse as he did. He fought rnrndown a wave of fear as he checked it. Way too fast and he thought a bit worse rnrnthan the last time. He had to get them out of there and get her to a hospital rnrnsoon. Catherine smiled weakly at the sight of the young man leaning over her, rnrnhis expression reassuring but worry written in his eyes. She hesitated for a rnrnmoment not trusting herself to speak. She didn't want to go out like this, rnrnleave now. She wanted to be there to see the expression on Sam's face when he rnrnsaw Noah restored to them by some miracle, wanted to be able to hold Sam in her rnrnarms and have things right between them again.... That wasn't so much to ask rnrnfor, was it? Another look at Noah steeled her resolve though. She couldn't rnrntake any chances of something happening to that poor, sweet boy. \"Noah, you just sit right here with me, okay?\" she told him as she rnrngently squeezed his hand. \"There isn't any reason for you to keep working on that rnrnstuff. Someone will be along to get you out of here shortly.\" \"Cath?\" A cold feeling ran through his body as he quickly realized what rnrnwas going on. \"Catherine, you're going to be alright. Please don't give up rnrnnow. I promise that there isn't much more to get out of the way and we'll be rnrnout of here.\" He started to stand and move back to the pile to show her. If rnrnshe gave up.... He couldn't lose her now! \"Noah, it doesn't matter,\" Catherine whispered, her words startling him rnrnand stopping him from going anywhere. She weakly motioned for him to sit down rnrnbeside her and smiled up at him once more. She knew he would be upset, he rnrnwas so like Sam, but she couldn't let him risk himself. \"It's been over an rnrnhour, hasn't it? You know what my chances are like after an hour.\" She didn't rnrnknow exactly what she had injured, how severe it was, but she could make a rnrnpretty good guess from the worried expression on Noah's face and the slowly rnrnbuilding pain in her stomach. \"Just because it's a few minutes over an hour doesn't mean that you rnrnsuddenly have no chance,\" Noah said in an insistant tone. No way was he letting rnrnher do this. \"Cath, you aren't hurt as bad as I was and I lived. You're going rnrnto be fine. Just let me see about getting us out of here.\" \"Noah, what did happen?\" she asked. Distracting him for a bit might rnrnwork. \"Sam... he saw you die, Noah. How....\" \"Lucky more than anything, least that's what I kept hearing. Right rnrndoctor was bringing some students through the ER at the right time. A lot of what rnrnthey said went over my head. Little distracting when you wake up from a coma rnrnand can't even remember your name. Of course, the hospital beaurocrats were a rnrnbit more concerned that I couldn't remember what insurance company they could rnrnbill. Apparently whatever they had to do to patch up the damage was kind of rnrnexpensive.\" \"Oh, Noah....\" Catherine whispered as she reached up, gently touching rnrnhis face for a moment, reassured that she was doing the right thing. \"Cath, it's okay. I'm fine now. Catherine, I swear to you that I'm rnrnfine.\" he said in an insistant tone. \"I've just spent the last three years rnrncleaning up after a hoard of adolescents that I think would frighten even Sam. If rnrnI can manage that, I think I'm probably in good enough shape to get a little rnrndebris out of the way so we can get out of here.\" \"Noah, if anything happened to you....\" Catherine closed her eyes for a rnrnmoment and he froze in fear, worried she was slipping away. He gently reached rnrnout and touched her cheek causing her eyes to blink open again. \"Noah, it rnrnwould break Sam's heart to lose both of us. Honey, I'm dying. You know it and rnrnI know it. Don't risk yourself for nothing. Just sit here with me, okay?\" rnrnTears started to run down her cheeks. Despite knowing intellectually that she rnrnwas dying and that she was making the right decision to protect Noah, she was rnrnafraid. To never see Sam again, to never have him hold her, kiss her.... \"Cath,\" Noah hesitated for a moment before laying down next to her again rnrnand cuddling as close to her as he could. He knew that time was of the rnrnessence if he was going to get them out of there but at the same time he knew he rnrncouldn't just leave Catherine this upset and frightened. That might end up rnrnkilling her quicker than any delays. \"Catherine, if Sam was here, would you trust rnrnhim if he said you weren't going to die? If you would trust Sam, please rnrntrust me. I'm not going to let you die, Catherine. I swear I'm not.\" \"If anything happened to you, Sam....\" \"If I sit here and let you die without at least trying to get us out of rnrnhere, Cath, I won't ever be able to look Sam in the face again. You want me to rnrnget in that much trouble with Sam?\" \"He wouldn't blame you. He loves you, Noah.\" Her hand gently squeezed rnrnhis again. \"Honey, it will be okay. I've had a good life. Sam knows that. rnrnYou just take care of him for me, okay?\" \"Cath, I'll take care of him while you're in the hospital but after that, rnrnhe's all yours again.\" Noah said with a slight smile. \"Now come on, okay? rnrnLet me get back to getting that stuff out of the way. It's been an hour. rnrnThey've got to be pretty close to finding us. Few more minutes and I'll bet rnrnwe'll be out of here. Come on, you can give me a few more minutes, right? What's rnrnthat going to hurt?\" \"But....\" \"Just a few more minutes.\" If he had to, he would a few more minutes rnrnCath for the next hour until they were out of there. No matter what, he wasn't rnrngoing to lose her, not even if he had to fight her every inch of the way to rnrnkeep her alive. \"Few more minutes never hurt anyone. Now, come on. Keep rnrntalking to me. Hey's how's Cos's hair looking now? He done anything worse with it rnrnsince I saw him?\"[Chapter 12] June 2nd, 3:45 pm \"Noah?\" Catherine called, staring at the young man with worry in her rnrneyes. He had been working so hard trying to get through that debris, futile rnrnwork, she knew, if he was still hoping to save her. She felt another stab of pain rnrnin her stomach, underlining the futility of it and let out an involuntary rnrnmoan. \"Catherine, honey, I've almost got it. We'll be out of here really rnrnsoon.\" Noah hurried to her side once more, kneeling and taking her hand in his. rnrnHe shook his head as he looked at her. He had thought that not remembering was rnrnbad but remembering and seeing a friend in pain like this, that was even rnrnworse. \"You're going to hurt yourself, Noah. Sam would never forgive me if....\" rnrnCatherine wished so badly that Sam was here right now. There were so many rnrnthings that she had wanted to tell him, things that would never be said. At rnrnthe same time she was glad for his sake he was safely away, though. She didn't rnrnwant him to have to see her like this. \"Cath, if Sam was here, you know he would be digging even harder than me rnrnto get us out of here.\" Noah said with a slight grin. If Sam was here, they rnrnwould have likely been out long ago with Cath tucked safely in a hospital bed rnrnand Sam complaining about him skipping work for three years. \"Now you just rnrnkeep talking to me and let me get the last of this stuff out of the way so we rnrncan get out of here and get you patched up.\" \"Noah, if anything.....\" \"Catherine, I swear that this mess isn't as bad as some other things I've rnrnhad to clean up before. You see all of those papers I've got tucked around rnrnyou? Kids I've been having to clean up for for the last three years are to rnrnblame for those and those aren't even a tiny part of all of the perminant rnrnrecords, either. Believe me, after surviving three years of that, a little digging rnrnis very, very safe.\" \"Noah, how did you....\" Catherine paused for a moment as she watched the rnrnyoung man pull at the debris, forcing her mind to focus on the questions she rnrnwanted to have answered. She knew she couldn't have much longer but there rnrnwere things she wanted to know badly before she went. \"Honey, what do you rnrnremember about what happened? What happened at the hospital?\" Now there was rnrnsomething she was really curious about. How in the world had Noah survived and why rnrnhadn't they been notified? \"You mean how did the hospital manage to misplace a federal official?\" rnrnNoah said with a chuckle. Better to try to laugh about the mistake than to rnrndwell on other aspects of it too much , such as the fact that Noah definately rnrnremembered Sam being with him in the aftermath of the shooting so how could rnrnhe.... He forced that thought firmly away. There was no time for it now when he rnrnneeded to see about getting them out of there. \"Noah, what's the first thing you remember?\" Catherine called to him, rnrnthe conflicted look on the young man's face puzzling her. \"This probably sounds wierd,\" Noah said as he pulled harder on a piece rnrnof broken flooring, finally getting it out of the way. \"First thing I remember rnrnwas name tags. People were coming and going and they all had name tags on. rnrnThey all knew their names and I didn't know mine. I really, really wanted one rnrnof those name tags.\" Most people, he imagined, would have their first rnrnrecollection be of pain or bright lights or something. He hoped Catherine didn't rnrnthink it too strange that his first memory was of the name tags. \"You really couldn't remember anything?\" Catherine whispered, a wave of rnrnsorrow and guilt washing over her as she spoke. \"Cath, most everyone in the hospital thought I was either going to die or rnrnend up as some sort of vegetable and give the students a nice teaching rnrnlesson. Shocked everyone when I actually came out of that coma a week later. I rnrnthink they thought amnesia was actually good, considering what could have rnrnhappened. Well, they thought it was good until they realized it meant that I didn't rnrnknow who in the world they could send the hospital bill to.\" \"Oh, Noah....\" Catherine could feel tears starting to sting at her eyes rnrnat the few simple little things he had told her. \"Cath, it's okay, I promise.\" He moved to her side for a moment, rnrnkneeling down so he was sure she could see his expression. \"I swear to you that I rnrndon't regret a moment of the amnesia. If it hadn't happened, I wouldn't be here rnrnnow to get you out of here and then I really would have something to feel bad rnrnabout.\" He pulled himself to his feet again and moved back to the debris. rnrn\"Just a few more minutes and I'll have this out of the way. You think Sam can rnrnactually manage to find his way to the hospital this time to collect us?\"[Chapter 13] June 2nd, 4:00 pm \"Noah?\" Catherine called, her voice betraying a razor sharp edge of pain rnrndespite how she tried to hide it. She closed her eyes for a moment as the rnrnyoung man came hurrying anxiously to her side. She wished he didn't have to see rnrnher like this. She was actually glad by that Sam wasn't there now, would be rnrnspared having to see. \"Cath, honey, it's okay. I'm almost through. I'm almost though,\" Noah rnrnwhispered as he reached out and stroked her cheek, causing her eyes to blink rnrnopen again. He winced internally at the sight of her eyes, slightly glazed rnrnnow. They didn't have much time. \"Honey, just keep talking to me for a few more rnrnminutes and I swear I'll have us out of here and you tucked in a nice cozy rnrnhospital bed in no time. Just a few more minutes, okay?\" \"Noah, sweetie, it's okay. Really, it's okay,\" Catherine whispered as rnrnshe tried to force herself to smile at him, hoping to comfort him. Poor boy rnrnwas trying so hard, just like Sam, not willing to give up. Except in this case, rnrnit was a lost cause. \"Noah, I've had a good life, sweetie. No regrets. You rnrntell Sam that for me, 'kay?\" \"Cath, you're going to be able to tell Sam stuff yourself,\" Noah told rnrnher as he gently felt her pulse again. Weak, way too weak and fast like a bird rnrnfluttering and it looked like she was starting to have trouble breathing. \"Or rnrnare you thinking that he's going to forget to show up to collect us from the rnrnhospital like last time? I think I MIGHT have enough money to get us home if rnrnwe end up mislaid. I am going to have a few words with Sam if he doesn't show rnrnup again though. You just keep talking to me for a couple more minutes, rnrnokay?\" \"Tell him I love him, Noah. That I've always loved him,\" Catherine rnrnwhispered, stopping the young man from moving from her side. \"You take care of rnrnhim, okay? Don't let him mourn too hard, shut everyone else out again. Tell rnrnhim to be happy. That's the thing I've always wanted most. For Sam to be happy. rnrnHe's always so driven...it's what broke us apart, you know...both too rnrndriven...I was so stubborn. I was such a fool. Should have fought harder, tried rnrnharder.... for us.\" \"Catherine, of course I'll take care of Sam until you're feeling better rnrnbut I promise you we'll be out of here in just a few more minutes so you can rnrntell him the rest yourself. You can hold on just a few more minutes, I know you rnrncan.\" Noah couldn't quite keep a hint of desperation out of his voice as he rnrngently stroked her cheek again before hurrying back to the pile of rubble, rnrnjerking so hard on the next piece that he thought he would pull his arm out of rnrnthe socket. He wasn't going to lose her, not now, not when they were so close rnrnto safety. \"Cath, come on, just keep talking to me!\" \"I don't have any regrets, Noah. I want you, want Sam to know that.\" rnrnCatherine shivered slightly, the pain growing worse with each tiny twitch of her rnrnbody. She closed her eyes again for a moment before forcing them back open. rnrnSurely the pain couldn't get any worse than this, pain worse than the one rnrnother torturious moment of her life when death had also hovered near. \"Cath, I've almost got it, okay?\" Noah called to her, thrilled to see rnrnthat it looked like what he was saying was accurate this time. He could see rnrntiny pricks of light now. They better have EMS on standby was all he could rnrnthink. \"You're so much like Sam.\" Catherine continued to talk now, not really rnrnnoticing what Noah was saying to her, memories of long ago drifting back into rnrnher mind. \"Remind me of.... One thing I wished all of these years... baby, rnrnSam's baby. You take care of Sam for me, sweetie. He loves you like he would rnrnhave loved.... He's so proud of you I tried hard, that time. But I was so rnrnsick...and the baby...and Sam cried, the way he did when you....\" \"Cath?\" Noah really didn't like the way she was starting to sound, like rnrnshe was in another time and place, revealing things that she probably would rnrnregret if he could figure out what she meant. \"I'm cold, Noah.\" She felt her eyelids starting to slip shut again, an rnrnimage of Sam dancing before them as they did. \"Sam? I'm so sorry, Sam. I rnrnshould have done something.... Saved him. Sam? When... did you get here? Oh, rnrnSam.\" Noah hesitated for a moment, torn between running back to her side or rnrntrying to get the last of the debris out of the way and get the help she urgently rnrnneeded down there. As he struggled, he jerked at a smaller piece of wood and rnrnsuddenly he found himself being showered by dirt and grime, tumbling back a rnrnbit as part of the debris shifted and suddenly, miraculously, he had a opening rnrnto the outside. \"HEY!!!\" He yelled as he pushed himself up, shouting as loudly as he rnrncould, hoping that there really were people out there looking for them. \"GET EMS rnrnDOWN TO THE BASEMENT NOW!! LADY NEEDS HELP!!!\" \"Cath?\" he called as he moved back to her side, relieved to hear running rnrnfootsteps. As her eyes blinked open again, he laid down beside her and rnrncuddled against her as best he could. \"Help's coming right now, sweetie. Just you rnrnhold on for me.\"[Chapter 14] June 2nd, 4:10 pm Noah pulled himself into a sitting position when he heard the first rnrnfootsteps scrambling through the opening he had made in the debris, a female EMT rnrnpopping into view a second later. He shook his head slightly as she approached, rnrnreaching out and gently taking Catherine's hand in his own as he tried to rnrnrecall the woman's name. She had that sixth grader, the quiet one that played rnrnsax.... The EMT quickly moved to Catherine's side, automatically moving her hands rnrninto position to stabilize her head and neck as her eyes rapidly ran over the rnrnwoman's body looking for any obvious signs of injury. \"Hi, I'm Mary Simpson rnrnand I'm an EMT with the Hudson Fire Department. I'm here to help you.\" Catherine slowly blinked, forcing her eyes to weakly focus on the woman rnrnkneeling just above her for a moment before she felt them starting to slip shut rnrnagain. She was tired, so tired of fighting. She was glad that someone else rnrnwas there now though, not that she had any illusions that anything could be rnrndone for her but maybe they would be able to get Noah away, keep him from seeing rnrnwhen she.... \"Cath, honey, no sleeping yet, okay?\" Noah called to her, firmly rnrnsqueezing her hand to try to get her attention. \"You're not in that bed I promised rnrnwe were going to get you tucked into yet. No going to sleep on me until then, rnrnokay?\" He felt a tiny bit of tension ebb out as her eyes blinked open once rnrnmore, focusing on him with a slightly dazed look. He glanced up at the EMT with rnrnworry in his eyes. \"Her name's Catherine Walsh and she's with the US rnrnMarshals Service, the Chicago office. She's been shocky since the tornado hit but rnrnthings started getting worse maybe ten, fifteen minutes ago. She's been having rnrnpain in her abdomen ever since the tornado and there's some pretty good rnrnbruising there.\" Mary looked a bit surprised at the young man, vaguely recalling him from rnrnher daughter's school but something was different about him now, something rnrnthat she couldn't quite put a finger on. Before she could think on it too much, rnrnher partner was there with more equipment. \"Any tingling or loss of feeling?\" rnrnShe asked whichever of the two who could answer her as the other EMT swiftly rnrnbut carefully secured a collar around Catherine's neck to keep her from rnrnmoving. Mary really, really didn't like the way this woman's condition was rnrnlooking. \"Nothing she's complained of,\" Noah said as Mary switched places with rnrnthe other EMT and quickly got the oxygen set up, placing the mask over rnrnCatherine's face so about all Noah could see was those dazed looking but frightened rnrneyes, before continuing her rapid examination, opening Catherine's blouse like he rnrnhad, running her hands over the chest before moving to the abdomen. Bruising rnrnlooked definitely worse than it had when he had checked and Catherine moaned rnrnin pain when Mary lightly touched the area, only the gently restraining hands rnrnon her neck keeping her from trying to roll away from the pain. As she rnrnworked, a third EMT had arrived and was swiftly taking vital signs. \"Blood pressure's 50 palp, pulse, 110, respirations, 8.\" the man rnrnreported as Mary glanced up at him. \"Medvac's on the way.\" He was already reaching rnrnto the equipment they would need next, practice making each move automatic. rnrnThe three medics worked almost as one body, Mary and the second man swiftly rnrnpositioning a long backboard at Catherine's side, quickly folding out something rnrnthat looked like a pair of rubber pants with tubing attached before reaching rnrnout, to carefully roll Catherine onto her side. It was only then that they rnrnnoticed the young man still hovering anxiously at her side. \"John, we've....\" Mary started to say as she motioned for him to move rnrnback a bit as they moved Catherine carefully but quickly onto her side and then rnrnback onto her back after moving the board beneath her. \"It's Noah, my name's Noah. I'm with the Marshals' Service too.\" he rnrnsaid quietly but firmly as he watched Catherine with anxious eyes. She was still rnrnconscious but she looked so dazed and frightened. He automatically moved to rnrnher side again, careful that he wasn't in the way but determined at the same rnrntime to stay as close to her as possible, to offer what small comfort he could. rnrnHe glanced briefly at the medics who were now stealing curious glances at rnrnhim as they automatically moved doing their jobs. The two EMTs fastened the garment around Catherine's legs and abdomen rnrnbefore starting to inflate it like some sort of large blood pressure cuff. She rnrnlet out another weak moan as she felt the pressure on her stomach, here eyes rnrnanxiously scanning the room as she felt tears stinging in her eyes. \"Noah?\" rnrnShe was torn about the young marshal being there, wanting to spare him and at rnrnthe same time.... She was so frightened. \"Right here, honey. I'm not going anywhere.\" Noah said as he leaned in rnrnas close as he could without getting in the way. Apparently, whatever they rnrnwere doing was working the way it was supposed to because the EMTs were moving rnrnagain, rapidly inserting IV lines into both forearms before securing Catherine rnrnmore firmly to the board, orange foam padding holding her head in place, tape rnrnand straps.... He couldn't even find a safe place to touch her now. There rnrnwas barely enough room to move along beside her as the EMTs lifted the board, rnrnmoving swiftly through the opening in the debris. Noah could already hear the welcome whirl of the helicopter approaching rnrnas they finally moved out into something he hadn't been entirely sure he would rnrnsee again during his time in the basement, fresh air. \"Honey?\" Noah said as he walked along side as the EMTs moved Catherine rnrncloser to the landing site. He gently leaned down and pressed a kiss against rnrnher forehead, not sure if she could even feel it but needing to do something to rnrncomfort her. \"I'm going to go and let the cops know to drag Sam down to the rnrnhospital to find us when he gets here, okay? You just stay awake for me a rnrnlittle bit longer.\" \"Noah?\" Catherine weakly called as the EMTs begin to move her, the young rnrnman drifting out of her line of sight. She frantically tried to twist, to rnrncatch sight of him again. What if.... \"Noah?\" \"Honey, it's okay? I'm right here,\" Noah said as he hurried to her side rnrnonce more, leaning over and gently kissing her again. \"I promise I'll be rnrnright there at the hospital when you get there. Won't get a bit lost like Sam rnrnseems to have managed. They're going to take good care of you, honey. You're rnrngoing to be fine.\" Noah quickly turned, as the EMTs begin to load Catherine into the rnrnhelicopter, relieved to spot his car looking intact in the parking lot. \"HEY!!\" he rnrncalled as he headed rapidly towards it, waving for a nearby police officer to rnrncome over as he moved. \"There's going to be a US Marshal named Sam Gerard rnrnhere soon looking for Catherine Walsh, the lady they just took in the helicopter. rnrnSomeone needs to drive him to the hospital when he gets here. Do not let rnrnhim drive himself! Got that?\" He spoke in a tone he had often heard Sam use, a rnrntone that brooked no argument. Noah was in the car by that time, fumbling rnrnfor his keys for a moment before finding them and quickly starting the car and rnrnpulling out. She was going to be all right. She had to be all right.[Chapter 15] June 2nd, 4:35 pm Noah hurried into the packed emergency room, quickly moving through the rndouble doors into the treatment area, glad that the nurses seemed to be too rnpreoccupied with the influx of patients to say anything to him. At the momentrnhe didn't feel very inclined to offer explanations for who he really was and rnwhat was going on especially when Cath identifying him was pretty much his only rnproof of his identity. What in the world had happened to his badge and other rnID? He had had a twenty in that wallet and no one better have spent it. If rnhis friends weren't going to take five minutes to look for him, they weren't rngoing to be getting any loans. He anxiously scanned each room as he hurried down the hall looking for rnany sign of Catherine before finally spotting her. There was a large group of rndoctors and nurses gathered around her, rapidly moving the stretcher she was on rntowards the elevators. He could feel the tension in the air as he hurried rntowards them, almost running. Catherine's eyes were closed, her skin deathly rnpale, wires and tubes attached to every part of her body. About the only bitrnof rncomfort was the fact that the collar had been removed from her neck. \"Sir, you....\" A nurse intercepted him as he approached. \"She's my mother. I just want to let her know I'm here,\" Noah said in rnan urgent tone, the lie coming automatically. \"Has someone called the US rnMarshals office in Chicago yet? They should be able to fax any medicalrninformation rnyou need.\" He moved to Catherine's side, leaning down and gently kissing her rnforehead as he talked. \"I'm here, honey. And the police are going to drag Samrnover rnas soon as he shows up. It's going to be okay.\" he whispered. \"Noah?\" Her eyes slowly blinked open, a slight smile on her lips at the rnsight of the young man. At least..... at least Sam would have someone there rnto comfort him when.... \"Earrings.\" she whispered as the elevator doors rnopened and the stretcher started to move again, Noah right by her side. rn\"Give... rnSam.\" \"Don't think he'll misplace them, do you?\" Noah said as he leaned down rnagain and pressed another kiss against her forehead before backing away. \"It's rngoing to be okay, honey. We'll be right there with you when you wake up.\" Her eyes were closed once more before the elevator door even shut. Noah rnsilently took the bag that a nurse offered him, digging through it with one rnhand as he headed out towards the waiting room again, trying to decide where to rngo from there, upstairs to be near Cath or down to wait on Sam to show up. rnThat man better not get lost this time. \"John?\" he heard a voice behind him say as he came into the waiting rnroom, causing him to turn and then glance down at the woman who had approached rnhim. Tiny, barely over five feet, pale, silvery blonde hair in a feather cut, rneyes looking up at him with curiosity. \"Colleen, what are you doing here?\" he asked. The little hospital rnadministrator had practically been his salvation when he had first woke up, rnespecially when the amnesia had refused to fade and the hospital beaurocratsrnhad rngotten up in arms about the mounting hospital bill. \"Had a meeting and they needed all the help they could get.\" Usually rnColleen Harper's time was spent not in the practice of medicine but making sure rnthat others were actually practicing medicine with some degree of sanity. She rndid enjoy a bit of hands on work when she was able though. \"So, what are you rndoing here?\" A worried expression in her eyes when she suddenly noticed the rnblood on Noah's arm. She had felt a bit of personal responsibility for the boy rnever since the day he had woken up with his memory gone. She reached out, rntaking his hand and started to guide him towards the treatment area once more. rn\"Come on. Let's get someone to take a look at you. Where were you when this rnthing hit anyway, John? I know that the school's okay.\" He smiled slightly with relief that the kids were safe before speaking, rn\"My name's not John, it's Noah.\" he said softly. \"I remember, Colly. I rnremember everything. I'm a US Marshal.\" \"What?\" Colleen stared at him for a moment, paling visibly as the news rnsunk in. \"We lost a federal official? We've never lost a federal official rnbefore!\" She didn't know how, but she was even more sure now than she had been rnthree years ago to her hospital was somehow responsible for why that poor boy rnhadn't been identified. \"What about that OSHA inspector?\" \"He ran off with his secretary. We can hardly be blamed for that,\" rnColleen grumbled as she motioned for another doctor to come over as soon as hernwas rnfinished with the patient he was tending. \"How did you get everything back?\" rnShe knew that he had been trying since the accident to recover his memories, rnhad tried anything that had been suggested without any hint of success. \"The tornado. Must have been divine intervention or something but I rnended up trapped in the basement of the courthouse with my boss.\" Noahrnhesitated rna bit as he thought of Catherine. She had to be all right, if anything rnhappened to her.... \"They just took her up to surgery, I think. Colly, couldrnyou rngo check and see...? Her name's Catherine Walsh.\" \"I'll go see if I can find out anything,\" she said gently as she patted rnhis shoulder. \"You just stay right here and let the doctor check you over rnwhile I'm doing that, okay?\"[Chapter 16] June 2nd 5:25 pm Sam Gerard stepped out of the helicopter, his eyes automatically moving rnto the courthouse, emergency vehicles everywhere, people rushing about, rnstretchers lined up on the lawn with patients awaiting transport. Hernautomatically rnheaded in that direction, scanning the victims for a familiar face. Where was rnshe? Suddenly a young cop appeared at his side, startling Sam. How had he got rnthat close without.... He shook his head slowly. He was losing it big time.rn\"Are you Marshal Gerard?\" the cop asked. He had hurried after the man rnwhen he had noticed the marshals logo on his jacket, hoping Sam was the one rnthat other marshal had told him to look for. He shook his head a bit. Whornwould rnhave ever thought that the school janitor would turn out to be a US Marshal? \"Yeah. One of my people was in that when....\" \"They got her out maybe an hour or so ago,\" the officer said as he rnmotioned for Sam to follow him towards a group of peach officers gathered atrnwhat rnlooked like a command post. \"Captain Jacobs? This is Marshal Gerard. He's rnhere about....\" \"Marshal Walsh? Really sorry about her, son,\" an older cop said as he rndetached himself from the group and came over to join Sam and the younger cop. rn\"Phillips here will get you over to the hospital.\" Sam felt a wave of cold wash over him at the man's words. Sorry? rnWhy.... \"How bad?\" He asked, not trusting himself to say anymore. Thisrnwasn't rnhappening, not again. 'Noah, son, please....' Captain Jacobs shook his head, hating to tell the man. From the rnexpression on his face, he was the kind who really cared about his people. Notrnenough rnwho did anymore, it seemed. \"Son, you ought to prepare yourself.\" Sam barely remembered the ride to the hospital, sitting numbly in the rnpassenger seat of the patrol car, trying in vain to force his mind to go blank rnbut images of Catherine, of Noah the last time he had seen him, of blood, kept rndancing in front of his face. 'Son, I tried, I tried to save you. Please, rnplease, don't let Catherine....' Tombstones. They were passing a cemetery. rnAn rnomen, maybe? Another tombstone next to Noah's? Sam covered his face with his rnhands, trying to block out the sights, the memories, and failing. He hesitated as the car pulled up to the emergency entrance, not wanting rnto get out, wanting to stay safely outside the hospital where he wouldn't have rnto know, wouldn't have to have the news confirmed that.... He owed it to her rnto be there, though, owed it to her to do what he couldn't bring himself to rndo with Noah. He slowly climbed out of the car, forcing his mind absolutely rnblank as he walked through the automatic doors, headed towards the treatment rnarea like some sort of robot. Suddenly he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to rnsee a staff member wheeling a body covered by a white sheet out of a room. rn'Son, please.... Don't let it be....' Catherine's size, about her shape.... rnHe approached slowly, not wanting to see but unable to turn back, mesmerized by rnthe small figure underneath that dead white sheet. \"Sam?\" A voice called his name, causing him to look up, his eyes rnwidening with shock at the person standing there, just behind the stretcher. rn\"Son?\" rnhe whispered, his eyes twitching back and forth from the body to Noah, not rnquite knowing where to focus. \"Sam, are you all right?\" Noah said as he started towards his boss, rnfastening his shirt as he went. He really didn't like the look on Sam's face, rnlike he had just seen a ghost or something. Body. Noah. Scars. He caught a glimpse of scars on Noah's chest as he rnfiddled with the shirt. Body. Catherine, how could she be.... Noah. rnBand-Aid, some kind of cartoon Band-Aid on his arm. Spinning. Everything was rnspinning. \"SAM!!\" Noah yelled as he saw something he thought would never happen. rnSam Gerard's eyes rolled back in his head and his legs buckled, only Noah rnshoving quickly around the stretcher and grabbing him keeping him fromrnliterally rnhitting the floor. \"What's going on here?\" Colleen demanded as she came around the corner rnand spotted Noah kneeling on the floor next to Sam, a confused looking staff rnmember staring at the two men in shock. \"I don't know,\" Noah muttered, relieved to see that Sam was at least rnstill breathing and had a strong pulse. \"Sam, wake up!\" Sam was never sick. rnWhat in the world.... The marshal's eyes slowly blinked open, staring up with a dazed look at rnthe young man kneeling beside him. \"Noah?\" Maybe he was dead too, not that it rnreally mattered to him now. Cath gone, Noah gone, the.... \"I'm sorry, son. rnSo sorry. I tried to save you. Should have been faster, figured out what rnwas....\" \"Here, let's get him in a room,\" Colleen said as she came back with a rngurney and a couple of helpers who swiftly lifted Sam up off the floor.rn\"Sam?\" Noah moved to his boss', his friend's, side once more as soon as rnhe had been wheeled into a nearby room. Suddenly he recalled what Catherine rnhad been rambling about, about him being dead. He hadn't been sure she rnactually knew what she was saying but.... Maybe she had. \"Sam, I'm not dead.\" Sam Gerard stared silently at the man beside him.[Chapter 17] June 2nd, 5:45 pm Sam woke up with a headache. And confusion. What the hell happened? he rnwondered. I was standing there...and the body...oh, dammit, CATH...and then rnNoah...and now I'm lying down... NOAH. Sam's eyes opened immediately, and he gazed up at the familiar features rnof the man beside him, watching him with his eyes full of worry.rn\"Who are you?\" Sam growled suddenly, staring at Noah with a hostile rnexpression that the young man had only seen him used when facing a dangerous rnfugitive before. \"Noah's dead! I saw him....\" Sam closed his eyes for arnmoment, rnhating to show any sort of weakness but.... He was just so tired of it all, rntired of all of the loss, Noah, Catherine, the baby. He fought back the rncreeping blackness tickling the edges of his mind once more at the memory ofrnthe rnyoung marshal he had loved like a son. He wasn't going to let somernimposter..... rn\"Whoever the hell you are, you're not Newman. Noah's dead.\" Not fair, not rnfair at all for that young man to be gone like that. All his fault. \"Who are rnyou?\" he demanded once more. Noah stared at Sam in shock for a moment not quite able to believe how he rnwas reacting, treating him like he was some sort of stranger, like it was his rnfault, like he didn't want.... He felt a stinging in his eyes that he rnangrily fought back. This wasn't his fault! He wasn't the one who who hadrnwalked rnaway. How could they call themselves his friends and.... \"You know who I am, rnSam, unless amnesia is catching, that is, and you would know that I wasn't rndead if you had bothered to come looking for me!\" Noah couldn't help it any rnlonger, the pain spilling out. Why hadn't Sam looked for him? Man never gavernup rnon anyone so why had he left him behind? \"You were there, I remember that you rnwere there. Why? Why did you leave me?\" Catherine's words, her rnreassurances that Sam cared for him, had almost made him believe things wouldrnbe like rnthey were before but.... He struggled to keep from slumping to the floor in rntears. He just wanted to go home and it suddenly seemed that would bernimpossible. \"Noah's dead,\" Sam whispered, watching the boy carefully as he spoke. rnSomething about him.... But it couldn't be, was only wishful thinking. He had rnbeen there when Noah died, he knew that.... Both his sons gone, rnCatherine.... The room started to swim once more. Why, why was his family.... Noah hesitated for a moment, the rush of anger still fresh but at the rnsame time seeing that expression on Sam's face, the look of total despair.... rnSuddenly he understood. And he knew he had to convince Gerard of the truth.rnNoah rnshook his head, looking around him as if searching for his badge, for some rnsort of ID that would prove to Sam that he really was here, alive. \"What can I do to prove to you...?\" he murmured softly, racking his rnbrain. \"They'd have given you my personal items...my badge... You better notrnhave rnlet Bobby or Cosmo go through my wallet. I'm not loaning them that twenty.\" Sam watched silently, scowling, as the young man thought hard. Wanting rnso badly for it to be true, for this young stranger to really be Noah, yet rnconvinced it was some cruel joke of a criminal mind. How could even a criminalrnbe rnthat evil though, to torment him in this way, especially with Catherine.... Suddenly Noah's head shot up, a smile spreading across his face. \"Sam, rndo you remember that stakeout we were on, Markum case, the guy that had an rnidentical twin brother that was a traveling salesman? Team was running allrnover rnthe state trying to figure out who was who.\" Sam was staring at him, rnexpressionless now but at least he didn't look openly hostile. \"We got stuckrnout in rnthe middle of nowhere and while we waited you told me about fishing. I swear I rndidn't know it involved so much. You told me about your favorite fishing rnspot, back in the middle of nowhere up in Minnesota on this stream that you rndidn't even think had a name, biggest fish ever, right next to this great bigrnoak rntree that looked so close to dead that you were surprised every time you came rnup that it was still there. You told me it was a secret, you'd never told rnanyone else about it...you said it was just outside this place called CoffeernPot rnLanding.\" Noah anxiously watched Sam, hoping for some sign that he believed rnhim, that he believed him even just a little bit. Sam had to believe him. He rnwanted to go home. He just wanted to go home. \"Sam?\" \"Noah? Oh, my God.\" Sam whispered, his eyes widening in hope as he rntried to pull himself up only to find that he had somehow ended up hooked to rnmonitors that were keeping him from moving. Now how had that doctor.... rnBandage rnin the bend of his arm too. He reached up, impatiently tugging at the wires, rnfighting down another wave of dizziness. \"Son....\" \"It's me, Sam. I promise it's me,\" Noah said as he slowly approached, rnbending over the gurney, still not sure of Sam's feelings only to suddenly find rnhimself being hugged hard by the other marshal. Sam gazed up at him, dark rneyes full of hope. \"Son, where in the world have you been? And what the hell happened?\"[Chapter 18] June 2nd, 5:50 pm Sam finally broke the hug for a moment, holding Noah out at arm's length rnso he could see the boy better, see if this was all some sort of dream or.... rnHe slowly reached out, unfastening Noah's shirt, staring at the scars on the rnotherwise smooth flesh with unshed tears stinging his eyes. His fault, all rnhis fault. How could he have left one of his kids behind, left one of his rnkids.... He pulled Noah to him again in another bear hug. \"Sam, need to breathe, okay? Believe me, I'm very glad to see you too,\" rnNoah said as he broke the hug a couple of minutes later, reaching down to rnfasten his shirt back up. Why in the world were his bosses so fascinated with rnthose scars anyway? He wondered how that boded for the rest of his co-workers.rnrnHe wasn't going to strip down in the middle of the office to satisfy their rncuriosity, that was for sure. \"How?\" A world of pain was packed into that one little word. \"Noah, I rnsaw....\" \"Sam, I really have no idea how in the world everyone thought I was rndead.\" Noah was still having a ton of trouble wrapping his mind around thernidea rnhimself. \"First thing I remember was waking up in the hospital room without a rnclue where, or even WHO, I was, and this nurse staring at me with this deer in rnthe headlights look before she screamed and ran out the door.\" \"Never thought you would frighten a nurse. Now Cosmo or Bobby....\" Sam rnsaid, shaking his head as he laid back against the raised head of the gurney rnhe was laying on. The shock of realizing that Noah was actually here and alive rnwas starting to wear off a bit and the room was spinning slightly once more. \"They honestly thought that I was going to die. Maybe that's how things rngot mixed up? They just decided to tell you I was dead early or something? rnOh, wait, they did say I flatlined. They hauled in a crash cart and revived me rnsomehow. But that still wouldn't explain....\" Noah shook his head giving up rntrying to figure out how that mixup occurred for the moment. He was fairly rnsure Colleen would be having several long and meaningful talks with the ERrnstaff rnabout it until they figured out what had happened. \"When the nurses calmed rndown enough to talk, they all suggested I see about a getting a lottery ticket rnwith the way my luck was going. I wasn't supposed to be alive and I rndefinitely wasn't supposed to be awake. The only reason that I even lastedrnlong enough rnto get to an operating room was because the right doctor happened to be rnbringing some medical students through at just the right time. Don't know allrnthe rndetails. Too technical. But I think I provided those students with an rneducation and a half that week from what I was told. Good thing their lessonrnwasn't rnon pulling the plug that week. Wasn't supposed to survive being shot like rnthat, wasn't supposed to come out of that coma, wasn't supposed to be anywhere rnnear functional. You know,\" Noah mused, \" it might not be a bad idea to see rnabout that lottery ticket.\" Sam closed his eyes for a moment, slowly running Noah's words over in his rnhead. Coma, injuries bad enough to make a recovery next to impossible. And rnhe had left that boy behind alone in that condition. How.... He wasn't fit rnto be in charge of a team anymore, not if he could mess things up that badly. \"Sam, don't blame yourself, okay?\" Noah said quietly. \"I don't know how rnthis mess happened but it wasn't your fault.\" Any lingering traces of hurt rnNoah might have felt were erased at the sight of Sam's guilt stricken rnexpression. \"You didn't know. You'd have stayed if you had.\" \"Damn straight,\" Sam said fiercely, then fell silent for a moment. Noah rnwatched as the older man struggled with his emotions, aching to see Sam so rnupset but comforted at the same time. He really did care. Tears stood in Sam's rntortured eyes. Finally Gerard had himself under enough control to venture rnspeaking once more. \"How did you end up here?\" Sam asked quietly. He didn't have to ask why rnNoah hadn't contacted them, knowing without question if the boy had been able rnto, he would have. \"The bureaucrats at the hospital were getting decidedly unhappy about my rncontinued presence there without any apparent insurance to bill,\" Noah said rnwith a chuckle picturing the expressions on those people's faces when they rnfound out he had got his memory back and who he really was. \"They wanted tornship rnme off to a homeless shelter as soon as they thought I was actually going to rnlive. Hospital administrator, Colleen, really stood up to them. Made them rnkeep me until I was at least back on my feet and had had a chance at somernrehab. rnThen she found this job for me with the school here.\" Noah thought for a rnmoment before continuing. \"I missed all of you a lot, you know. I didn't know rnexactly what was missing until I saw Catherine after the tornado but there was rnthis big hole....\" \"Catherine,\" Sam whispered softly, the memory of that sheet covered body rncoming rushing back to him. His eyes were stinging more sharply and he could rnno longer hold back a stray tear as the room begin to spin in ever tighter rncircles. How could she be taken from him in the same moment that Noah was rnmiraculously restored?[Chapter 19] June 2nd 5:40 pm The trio of marshals paced impatiently at the airport, waiting for the rndelayed flight to finally be able to load. How long could it take them to work rnout a way around the bad weather anyway? And how much longer could the storms rnpound the area? \"I'm calling the office, seeing if Sam's checked in yet,\" Cosmo rnmuttered, not able to stand just waiting any monger. And who knows, maybe Samrnhad rnalready found Catherine and they were on their way back. Cosmo closed his eyes rnfor a moment before pulling out his cell and starting to dial. Catherine had rnto be okay. Injuries, well, Sam could handle those, but if he lost her.... rnCosmo couldn't even bring himself to thing of it. Out of all of the marshals, rnhe knew the most about how close Sam and Catherine had once been, how despite rnthe current distance between them, there were still invisible ties joining them rntogether. \"Frank, Sam called yet?\" Cosmo demanded the second the other marshal rnanswered the phone. \"Or any word about Cath?\" Please let her have called in, rncalled in safe and sound and wanting to let them know when they could pick her rnup at the airport. \"No word from Sam yet.\" Frank hesitated for a moment before continuing. rn\"Cos, we did get a call about Cath about an hour or so ago though. You had rnthe tones on your phone turned off or something?\" \"Great,\" Cosmo grumbled as he looked down at the phone for a second in rndisgust, seeing that the ring tone had indeed been turned down so low he would rnhave to be a dog to know someone was calling. \"Knew I should have went with rnthe vibrating model. Someone called about Cath? Where is she?\" Let her be rnokay, let her be okay and just needing someone to come and get her. \"It was a hospital that called, Cosmo. Needed medical records for her.\" rnFrank closed his eyes for a moment, hating to tell them this, glad that Sam rnwasn't with them, that he wouldn't have to tell him that.... \"Cos, she's hurt rnbad. They asked about next of kin and they suggested that any family who rnwants to come should hurry. It... it doesn't look very good, Cos.\" Cosmo closed his eyes, his fist lashing out and smacking the wall as hard rnas he could, not caring that he would likely damage his hand worse than any rnpossible part of the building. \"Talk to whoever you need to. See about rngetting us on a chartered flight.\" To bring Catherine back on a public plane,rnthat rnjust seemed wrong somehow. Marshals needed to bring their own home. Was Sam rnthere yet? If he got there and she was already.... He shouldn't have let him rngo alone, should have.... \"Let everyone else know what's going on, Frank. rnTell them to pray.\" He wasn't sure who needed the prayers more though. \"Cos?\" 'Vannah said as he approached them, the expression on his face rnsomething she hadn't seen since Noah.... Her hand moved to her mouth and she rnfelt a cold wave wash over her. \"It... it isn't good,\" Cosmo said softly with a shake of his head as he rnmotioned for his two friends to follow him out of the waiting area. \"Hospital rncalled asking for medical records about an hour ago. She's hurt, it.... It rndoesn't look good.\" \"We have to get up there,\" 'Vannah whispered quietly. Law enforcement, rnyou knew people could die easily but still.... \"Sam....\" \"Frank's arranging a private flight,\" Cosmo murmured, the little group rnhuddled together protectively, shocked from yet another blow shattering their rnsmall family. \"She'll.... she'll need clothes,\" 'Vannah whispered. \"Something nice.\" rnShe closed her eyes for a moment, leaning back against Bobby as images came rnto her mind of Noah, of having to find something for him after.... \"We'll go back to her place and get something, maybe that suit,\" Cosmo rnsaid quietly as they started to move again, heading for the parking area, rnhuddling close together, needing the comfort of that nearness. It was a much more solemn group that entered Catherine's apartment once rnmore, silently slipping into the bedroom, no laughing or sound to break the rntension, all three of them wrapped up in their own memories of another timernmuch rnlike this one, something that had prayed never to have to repeat. Cosmo moved rnto the closet, slowly opening it and extracting the suit, fumbling around rnlooking for shoes to go with it as 'Vannah slowly opened the jewelry box and rnlifted out several appropriate pieces. \"What's this?\" Bobby asked quietly, the sound of his voice causing his rnfriends to jump as he held up something that they hadn't noticed before, a rnsmall crocheted blue blanket that had been laying on the side of the bed. \"Don't know,\" Cosmo muttered as he stared at it in puzzlement for a rnminute before motioning for Bobby to put it in another bag they had found. A rnmoment later, 'Vannah came out of the bathroom, her hands full of various rncosmetics and other female things. \"Do you want to leave that here?\" Cosmo asked quietly, motioning to the rnbag they had packed what felt like a lifetime ago. 'Vannah shook her head slowly. \"No, maybe....\" They slowly headed out rnof the apartment once more, dreading what they were soon to face. \"Do you rnthink we could have her beside Noah?\" \"She'd probably like that,\" Cosmo whispered, silently thinking how there rnwas likely going to be a third tombstone needed soon.[Chapter 20] June 2nd, 5:55 pm \"Sam?\" Noah said quietly, disturbed by the abrupt change in his friend'srndemeanor, the look of despair on his face. He reached out, gently touchingrnSam's shoulder. That look frightened him even more than Sam being angry withrnhim and thinking he was an impostor had. Just then Colleen came bustling in carrying a large tray with severalrncartons of juice and a plate of cookies. \"You know, when people talk about thernimportance of eating, they aren't just talking to hear their own voices,\" shernsaid with a pointed look at Sam as she put the tray down on the counter. rn\"Could I ask how many meals you skipped to get your blood sugar to drop thatrnlow? Last time I heard of someone with one like that was when the charge nursernin the....\" Colleen suddenly stopped talking for a moment, a few thingsrnclicking together in her mind. \"I am going to kill them, going to kill everyrnlast one of them when I get my hands on them.\" She looked over at Noah with arngrimace. \"Think I may have just figured out how you got misplaced.\" Noah started to ask her a question about whatever she had just thought ofrnbut stopped when he saw the expression on her face. He definitely wouldn'trnwant to be the staff members that she was apparently ticked at at the moment. \"So, he's okay?\" he quietly asked as he focused on Sam again, the expressionrnon his face.... Like he didn't quite know how he should be reacting orrnsomething, like he was lost. \"Food should fix the blood sugar problem. Good thing they're taking bloodrndonations so there was actually something edible on hand,\" Colleen said as shernmoved over to Sam's side, pulling the tray of food closer so that he couldrnreach it, opening one of the cartons of juice for him. Sam stared at the food, vaguely hearing the doctor and Noah talking but notrnreally understanding the words. Catherine. How could she be.... He didn'trnknow how to react, torn between celebration at Noah's miraculous return and....rn He silently closed his eyes again, forcing away the tears stinging at them.rn He knew that if Catherine was there she wouldn't want him to be mourning her,rnwould want him to be happy about Noah but.... He fought against another burstrnof tears, barely keeping the tears from falling this time. There was so muchrnthat he had never said to her, things that he wished.... They had wasted sornmuch time and now.... He reached out, automatically taking the carton ofrnjuice, swallowing a bit of it, knowing that he would need to cooperate if hernwanted to.... \"Sam?\" Noah said, glad to see that he was at least picking at the food butrnat the same time becoming more frightened by the despairing expression on hisrnface. \"Are we finished here?\" Sam said in a rough voice, putting the juice backrndown next to a half eaten cookie. \"I want to....\" He closed his eyes for arnmoment once more before continuing. \"I want to go the morgue, to say....rngoodbye.\" \"Morgue?\" Noah stared at Sam in confusion for a moment, wondering if maybernthere might be a bit more wrong with his boss than juice and cookies could fix.rn Suddenly, he remembered Catherine, and then the body they'd wheeled from thernER, just before he'd found Sam. \"No, Sam, Cath's not....\" \"They've still got her up in the operating room,\" Colleen said as shernpushed the juice and cookies back towards Sam with a glare. \"And if you don'trnfinish these right now, don't even think of trying to go up there....\" \"Operating....\" Sam whispered, confused, not sure of anything anymore, notrnsure that he wasn't still on the floor imagining all of this was happening. Hernhad been sure that he had seen Catherine's.... He shook his head, another wavernof dizziness washing over him, a bit weaker than before though. He started tornpull at the wires again, trying to get them unhooked. If Catherine was inrnsurgery, he needed to be up there. \"How bad?\" The query was clipped. Noah grinned slightly at the sound of Sam's voice, his expression once morernthe Sam Gerard that fugitives feared. This was going to be okay. They'd getrnCatherine fixed up and then everything would be back to normal. \"It will probably be at least another hour or so before they're finishedrnwith her. She's doing better than expected considering,\" Colleen told them inrna gentler tone this time. \"Go ahead and eat, okay? Believe me, you don't wantrnto pass out again in the waiting room.\" She shot a glance at Noah. \"Yournmight want to thank this boy too. If it wasn't for him that lady wouldn't havernlasted long enough to make it to a hospital.\" \"What happened?\" Sam demanded as he looked at Noah, automatically pickingrnup the juice and another cookie once more as he talked. Normally, he wouldrnhave argued about the order to eat but now he didn't really care. He was goingrnto do whatever would get him to Catherine's side quickest. \"We got trapped in the basement together after the tornado,\" Noah saidrnquietly, not really wanting to think about it, especially those last fewrnminutes before he finally managed to get the debris out of the way. \"I didn'trnreally do anything, just kept her talking and tried to keep her still. If Irncould have just....\" He was silent for a moment, thinking, trying to recall ifrnthere was something that he missed while they were down there, something thatrnmight have kept things from getting as bad as they did. \"Son.\" Sam reached out, pulling Noah to him in a bear hug once more, hisrneyes slightly misty, this time with a bit of pride mixed in with the worry.rn If.... \"You did have someone check you out, didn't you?\" he demanded as hernlooked at Noah with sudden concern. \"I'm fine, Sam.\" Why in the world were his bosses so focused on his health?rn \"I landed in a pile of permanent records. Just got some bruises. Probablyrncould have avoided those if I hadn't tried to make those kids behave a couplernof times. You feeling better now?\" Sam nodded slowly, his head still feeling slightly off but nothing herncouldn't ignore. He motioned for the doctor to get him unhooked, slowlyrnclimbing off the gurney as soon as he was free and heading for the elevatorrnupstairs with Noah hovering right by his side. 'I'm coming Catherine. Justrnhold on.'[Chapter 21] June 2nd, 6:00 pm Sam let Noah lead him to a couch once they reached the surgical waiting rnroom, putting his head in his hands with a groan as Noah hurried over to ask rnthe nurse if there was any news. His head was still spinning slightly, not rnreally able to process what was going on. Noah, back safe and sound and rnCatherine.... \"They're still working on her,\" Noah said as he came back over and sat rndown beside Sam, a worried look on his face as he watched the older marshal. rnIf Sam had gone through even a fraction of this thinking that he was.... He rnreached out, wrapping an arm around Sam, not sure how he would react butrnneeding rnto offer some kind of comfort. \"They say she's holding her own, Sam. It's rngoing to be okay. Catherine's a tough lady.\" \"Did she say anything while the two of you were down there?\" Sam asked rnquietly, pausing for a moment before he continued. \"I'm glad you were with rnher, Noah.\" If he couldn't be there to look after Catherine, there was no one rnelse he would have trusted with her as he would the young marshal. \"Umm,\" Noah wasn't really sure exactly how much he should tell Sam, rnknowing that he probably wouldn't take some of the things that Catherine had rnintended as last messages well. \"She was worried about you, made me promise to rnkeep an eye on you.\" He dug around in the bag he was carrying for a minute rnbefore pulling out the diamond earrings that Catherine had been wearing. \"She rnwanted you to hold onto these for her. Think they won't get mislaid?\" Sam reached out, not speaking as he took the earrings, running a finger rnslowly over each stone, remembering giving them to Catherine, the expression on rnher face when she opened the package. He closed his eyes for a moment. These rnhad been the earrings he'd given her for Christmas, that first year, when rnCath had been pregnant, and they'd celebrated being an almost-family. He knew, rnlooking down at the glittering little baubles, what Noah hadn't told him: rnCatherine was saying goodbye to him. No, he thought, I won't let go. Won't letrnher rngo. He couldn't lose her, not now. \"How was she?\" he asked then. \"Was she rnin much pain?\" \"Some towards the end --er, just before we got out. I tried making her rnas comfortable as I could, held her for awhile to keep her calm. She wanted me rnto let you know that she loves you.\" Noah would rather talk about anything rnthan the pain Catherine had been in after the tornado and maybe it would make rnSam feel better to know how Catherine had been feeling. \"Never should have let her get away,\" Sam murmured softly, eyes sad. He rnglanced up at the clock on the wall and then over at Noah. \"How long's she rnbeen in there?\" \"Little over an hour, I think,\" Noah said as he glanced over at the rnclock as well. \"I saw her just before they took her up to surgery, let herrnknow rnthat I was there and that you were on your way. Told her I had enough money to rnget us home if we ended up misplaced.\" He grinned slightly at that. \"She'll rnprobably be real, real happy to see you if she ever finds out my bank rnbalance. I think I have enough for bus tickets.\" \"Son, you know that I didn't....\" \"Sam, I know you would never have left if you had known,\" Noah said rnquietly. \"And I'm sorry if what I said in the ER.... It's just that for thernlast rnthree years, not knowing who I was and not having anyone coming to look for rnme.... I even got online and checked out those missing persons sites, hoping rnthat someone might be.... What kind of person would I have had to have been to rnhave no one who cared enough to try to find me?\" \"We didn't know,\" Sam stared at Noah intently, brown eyes rnuncharacteristically pleading, hoping that the boy understood. \"Noah, I swearrnto you that rnif we had any idea that you might have been alive, we would have torn that city rnapart looking for you.\" \"I know, Sam. I know,\" Noah said gently. He paused for a minute before rncontinuing, hoping that Sam took this the way he meant it. \"You know, Sam, I rnalways kind of thought of you as a father figure. Didn't get along so great rnwith my own father, he never really wanted kids, don't know how my mom taked rnhim into the adoption to begin with.\" \"They're both gone now, aren't they?\" Sam asked quietly, recalling what rnlittle he remembered of Noah's.... Well, of the funeral that they thought had rnbeen Noah's. \"Yeah. Barely even remember my mother. Stepmother definitely wasn't cut rnout for the parenting gig either. Looks like you guys are it for me and rnfamily. I couldn't ask for a better one, really I couldn't, Sam.\" Sam slowly drew Noah closer to him, patting him slowly, awkwardly, on the rnback. He had always kind of thought of the people he had worked with as his rnkids but Noah had definately been special. \"You know, I always thought of rnyou as....as...\" He fought to get out the words, \"...my son.\" He paused forrna rnmoment, reluctant but at the same time finally wanting to share this with rnsomeone. \"No one else on the team knows this but Catherine and I, we had arnson. rnWould have been about your age if he had lived. Something went wrong, rnCatherine almost died giving birth to him and.... well.... If he had lived, Irnhope rnhe would have been like you, Noah.\" Noah stared for a moment at the older man. \"Sam...you're saying...\" \"I'm saying I always wished you were my son,\" Sam admitted bluntly. rnThen he glanced away, unwilling to sustain the intense eye contact. \"Sam...I...\" \"Hush, son.\" \"Yes, sir.\" But Noah put out a hand, and laid it on Sam's shoulder. rn\"Sam...you're the man I always wished my dad had been.\" Sam suddenly stood, needing to do something, the only thing he could think rnof. \"They have a chapel here?\"[Chapter 22] June 2nd, 6:20 pm Sam knelt before the altar of the small chapel, not really sure of what rnto do. He couldn't remember the last time he had been in a church, probably rnfor Noah's.... He closed his eyes, forcing that memory away. Noah had finally rngone back to the waiting room after watching him anxiously for several minutes rnleaving him alone to pray, to ask for one more miracle. \"Ummm, I know it's been a long time since you and I talked,\" Sam rnwhispered, thinking in spite of himself at how angry he had been at everyonernafter rnthinking that Noah had been taken, earlier when his son... \"Didn't really part rnon the best terms last time but.... Please, for Catherine....\" Sam felt rntears running down his face now, didn't even try to control them. \"I've made a rnlot of mistakes in my life and the biggest one was letting things fall apart rnlike they did with her. You gave us one miracle, gave Noah back.\" That hadrnbeen rnwonderous, holding that boy in his arms, realizing that he was really there rnand fine. Had that taken all of the miracles the marshals could expect though? rn\"Please. If someone has to go tonight, don't let it be Catherine. I'm rnready. Take me. Not Catherine. Just not Catherine. It's not her time.\" He rnslowly sank against the altar, burying his face in the wood. He couldn't loose rnher. ******* 6:45 pm Catherine slowly opened her eyes, looking around curiously at the room rnshe was in, an operating room with people frantically working over a body onrnthe rntable. Hers, she realized a moment later. She slowly walked over to the rntable, surprised that she didn't really care when she looked down into her own rnpale face, the medical staff injecting, pumping, shocking, trying to coax life rnback into the broken figure. \"Don't bother,\" Catherine murmured softly as she turned away, smiling rnwhen she saw a bright white light growing larger, forming a tunnel on the rnopposite side of the room. She eagerly peered into the light, seeing whatrnlooked rnlike familiar figures. \"Mama?\" she whispered. Was her mother holding rnsomething in her arms, a baby? Catherine felt tears stinging in her eyes asrnshe moved rntowards that light, eager now. To see her baby, to finally hold him in her rnarms.... From somewhere far off she thought she could hear Sam's voice, Sam rnsounding so lost and broken that she stopped for a moment, turning away,rnseeking the rndirection of the sound, listening a moment to Sam praying. \"Don't take Catherine,\" she thought she heard him beg. She turned toward rnthe sound, and somehow saw him saw him, kneeling beside some heavy dark wooden rntable. \"Please, not Catherine.\" She watched him for a moment, her heart breaking at the expression on his rnface, before speaking. \"Sam, it's going to be okay.\" If she could just kiss rnhim, hold him one last time and let him know... \"I love you and I promise rnI'll always watch over you but I just.... I'm tired, Sam. I'm so tired and I rnwant to be with our baby. I just want to be able to hold him. We'll be right rnthere waiting for you when it's your time, honey. I promise. I love you.\"rnCatherine turned towards the light once more, a warm feeling washing over rnher as she approached. \"Mama's coming, sweetheart. Mama's coming.\" ******* 6:47 pm \"Sir?\" a voice caused Noah to look up to find a nurse standing there rnwith a concerned expression on her face. \"What? Is she out of surgery? When can we....\" Noah started to get to rnhis feet to go get Sam. He knew that he would want to be right there with rnCatherine as soon as possible. He glaced at the clock as he moved. Hadn'trnbeen rnas long as he worried it might take. That was a good sign, wasn't it? Maybe rnCath wasn't hurt as seriously as they had feared? \"Sir, your mother isn't doing very well,\" the nurse said gently, hating rnto have to break news like this to such a sweet looking young man. This was rnalways the part of her job that she hated. \"She had a cardiac arrest just a rncouple of minutes ago. The doctors are working on her but you need to be rnprepared.\" Noah lowered his head, burying his face in his hands as the nurse quietly rnmoved away. No, this wasn't right. How could Catherine.... He had been rnhurt way worse and he had lived! She had to get better! How would he everrntell rnSam if.... A family, they were a family, the only one that he had. 'Please, rnCath, just hang on, okay? Don't leave us. Sam needs you.'[Chapter 23] June 6th, 11:00 am Sam slowly walked up the small hill, not really even noticing where he wasrngoing, not able to believe that so much had changed so quickly, that.... thatrnCatherine was gone. He felt tears welling up once more in his eyes and didn'trneven try to control them as he watched Bobby, Cosmo, Frank, Noah and a couplernof the other marshals placing the white coffin on the stand in front of thernopen grave. How could she have been taken just like that? He should havernbeen there, should have been able to have saved her. Should have never letrnher go. He bowed his head as the minister started to speak, Noah silently moving tornhis side as the other marshals huddled in a protective cluster around them.rn Good kids, every one of them, handling all of the arrangements to bring herrnhome, making sure that he would have as much time with her as he needed,rn'Vannah finding something nice for Catherine to be buried in. Oh, God, howrncould it be? Everything had been perfect, just like Catherine would havernwanted it. How could she be.... The had removed Noah's tombstone, must have called right after they got tornthe hospital and found out that he was back. Sam could sense people in therncrowd shooting curious glances at the boy, wondering how on earth he couldrnactually be there. However it had happened, Sam was thankful to have Noah atrnhis side. He doubted he could get through it, otherwise. A good turnout,rnCatherine would have liked that. He had never been sure that she had reallyrnunderstood how much everyone cared for her, not after how her family hadrntreated her when they got together. Damn, her own family... Only one that hadrnbothered to show up was a niece whose name he didn't even know. He ran his fingers over the blue baby blanket in his hands, soft materialrnslightly comforting him. She had worked so hard on that thing, handiworkrnhadn't really been her thing but she had wanted something handmade for theirrnson, something to show their little boy how much his mama loved him. He hadrnalready let them know that he wanted that on her tombstone, Mother of PatrickrnSamuel Gerard. She had never known if she had really been a mama after losingrnthe baby. Amazing Grace. Tears were coming more strongly now as the hymn started.rn Cath had been that to him more than a few times, saving him from total despairrnwhen their son was lost knowing how much she needed him, then again when Noahrnwas taken. How could he have treated her the way he had after they hadrnthought they had lost that boy? They could have, should have been together,rnhad those years together. Instead, he had pushed her away, hurt her terribly.rn Now he would never have a chance to correct that, to make things right betweenrnthem. He closed his eyes, forcing back a sob building in his throat. Let itrnbe a nightmare, God, please let it be a nightmare. He jumped slightly at the sound of the gunfire, instinct kicking in beforernhe recognized the sound as the traditional salute. Service was over. Howrncould it be over so soon? How could it be time to consign Catherine to therncold ground, never to hold her again, to love her? He moved forwardrnrobotically, leaning over the coffin, looking down into Catherine's pale face.rn 'Please just give her back. Noah came back. Just give Catherine back and letrnme make this right. Don't let it end like this.' He gently reached out, taking hold of her hand, hating how it felt, cold,rnstiff, not like Catherine anymore. He eased the blanket into her grasp,rntucking the edges of it around her as if it would warm her, as if it would dornsomething to remove that terrible, terrible cold. 'You just wrap our littlernboy in that, sweetheart,' he whispered as he leaned down and softly kissed herrnlips. Cold, so cold. Let it be a nightmare. It has to be a nightmare. Sherncan't be.... 'Tell him daddy loves him and I'll be with both of you soon.' rnTears were falling harder now, running silently down his face and ontornCatherine's marble white skin and he kissed her once more, his hand moving andrngently caressing her face, trying to memorize what it felt like to touch her,rnevery last feature. How could he do it, let them put her down in that deep black hole? Hernwanted to wrap her in his arms, wrap her in his arms and just take her home.rn There had to be something, anything.... Love worked miracles. Why couldn'trnthey have one more miracle? 'I love you, Catherine,' he murmured as hernkissed her once more, the world suddenly spinning wildly around him as he feltrnblissful darkness overtaking him. He felt the thud as he hit the ground. Maybe this is it, he thought. MaybernI can be with them right now. Heart attack? He accepted, welcomed, thernpossibility, his heart aching for his lost family. But the vibrations from hisrnfall didn't stop, somehow. They continued. \"Sam? Sam!\" Noah called, and Sam groaned inwardly. He didn't want to gornback, wanted to go on, to be with Catherine. But the boy wouldn't be denied.rnSam opened his eyes... To find Noah standing over him in the chapel, shaking him awake, as he layrnslumped against the altar.[Chapter 24] June 2nd, 6:47 pm Catherine slowly walked into the light, her arms outstretched, ready tornfinally embrace her little boy, to hold him in her arms after such a long wait.rnThe only thing missing that would have made this perfect was if Sam was therernwith her to see their son. It wasn't his time though and until it was, sherncould let the baby know all about his wonderful daddy. Suddenly, she felt something in front of her, blocking her from going on.rn\"No!\" she moaned pounding on the invisible barrier. \"No! I want my baby! Irnwant my baby!\" She was so close, so close. How could she be this close andrnnot.... \"Sam please.\" This had to be connected to him somehow, to the tiesrnthat joined them together so tightly. \"Honey, I love you but please let me go,rnlet me be with our baby. Just let me go, Sam!\" From somewhere in the distance she could hear Sam praying, begging for herrnto stay. She turned her head once more towards the noise, tears now runningrndown her face at the lost sound of his voice, something that she had never rnheard from Sam Gerard before. \"Sam, please.... You'll be alright,\" shernwhispered softly. \"I promise that you will. And the baby and I will bernwaiting for you when it's your time.\" Colder, why was it getting colder now? \"If anyone has to die tonight, let it be me,\" she heard Sam murmur. \"I'mrnready. Just don't let Catherine.... Please. Please.\" \"Sam....\" Never, not even after they had thought Noah had died had shernheard Sam sound like this, like he had totally given up, like death mightrnbe.... She turned towards the light once more. \"I'm so sorry sweetie. Mommyrnloves you and she wants to be with you more than anything but your daddy needsrnme.\" She turned away from the light, shutting her eyes to block out the sightrnas she moved slowly in the direction of her body and the doctors still workingrnover her. ******* 7:00 pm Noah glanced anxiously up at the clock, not sure what to do. He knew thatrnhe needed to go and get Sam, let him know about what was going on, but herncouldn't bring himself to do it. How would he ever tell him if Catherinerndidn't pull through? Despite what Catherine had thought about how Noah'srnreturn would help Sam handle losing her, the boy knew that if worst came tornworst, Sam would completely fall apart. 'Cath, please. I know it's bad rightrnnow but you have to hang on for us. Just a little bit longer.' Where wasrnsomeone? Surely they had more news by now! Or maybe it was good that someonernhadn't came out to talk to him? Did that mean they were still trying to helprnher? Just then he heard a noise and looked up to see the nurse who had talkedrnto him before hurrying down the hall towards him. He quickly pulled himself tornhis feet and hurried to meet her, bracing himself, knowing that Sam would rnneed his support if the news was bad. 'She's going to be fine. She wasn'trnhurt as bad as me. She's going to be fine. She has to be fine!' \"I have some good news for you,\" the nurse said with a slight smile asrnshe met Noah, motioning for him to follow her back into the waiting room sornthey could talk more comfortably. \"The doctors were able to stablize yourrnmother. They're closing up right now.\" 'Yes, yes, yes!' Noah was inwardly cheering at this news, a slight smilernappearing on his face. \"When can we see her?\" \"They're going to take her to ICU. They're going to be running some testsrnso you may not be able to see her for a little bit.\" She smiled slightlyrnherself at the expression on Noah's face. \"Why don't you go down to therncafeteria and get something to eat? I won't lie to you. Your mother'srncondition is very serious right now. You're going to need to keep up yourrnstrength if you want to help her through this.\" \"Believe me, we're going to give her whatever help she needs,\" Noah said,rndetermination in his voice as he reached out surprising the nurse with a hugrnbefore heading down the hallway to the chapel to let Sam know the good news.[Chapter 25] June 2nd, 7:15 pm Noah quietly entered the chapel, feeling like shouting with the good news rnthat he had but at the same time not wanting to disturb Sam if he was rnpraying. He knew that Catherine wasn't out of the woods yet by any means butrnshe was rnalive and if she was alive, then he was sure that they would be able to help rnher. Just then he spotted the crumpled figure lying next to the altar, his rneyes growing large as he rushed the rest of the way down the aisle and kneltrnnext rnto Sam. He knelt down and started to shake his shoulder, relieved at least rnto see that his first fear had been wrong and Sam wasn't dead. The expression rnon his face though, was disturbing to Noah, like his world had been totally rnshattered.... \"Sam? Sam!\" How in the world could Catherine have ever thought rnthat Sam would have been able to handle her death just because Noah had rnreturned? She had obviously been a whole lot sicker than he had suspected to rnbelieve that. Noah anxiously watched his friend's face, looking for any signrnthat rnhe had heard him. \"Give her back. Please, just give her back. Gave Noah back, why not rnCatherine too?\" Sam murmured in his sleep, his voice painful for Noah to hear, rnthe heartbreak in those words.... \"Sam, it's okay! I promise you it's okay. Come on, wake up!\" Noah rnspoke louder now, Sam's condition definitely worrying him. Were those tears on rnhis face? He had never seen Sam cry, couldn't even imagine what it would take rnto make the stoic marshal's control slip that much. Damn, but he must love rnCatherine. Noah shook him a bit harder. \"SAM!\" Suddenly the older man's eyes twitched, slowly, reluctantly opening and rnstaring up at Noah with a lost look. \"Noah,\" he murmured looking around in rnconfusion for a moment as if he didn't remember where he was before focusing rnonce more on the young marshal. Sam closed his eyes for a moment before rnspeaking. It had been a dream, the funeral, Catherine in the coffin, just arndream, rnbut.... \"They told you something about Catherine?\" Sam asked quickly, while rnthinking, 'Please, just please don't let that dream have been a sign, don'trnlet rnher be.... I'm ready, I'm ready. Just take me and let her live.' \"They're just finishing up the surgery now and she's stable,\" Noah said, rnmaking a split second decision that he wasn't going to let Sam know about how rnclose they had come to losing Catherine, at least not at the moment. He knew rnSam wouldn't be happy with him for holding back about that but at the moment, rnNoah knew that Sam wouldn't be able to handle it. Maybe later when things rnwere better. \"They're going to be moving her up to ICU in just a little while.rnrnNurse suggested that we go and get something to eat. They're going to be rnrunning tests so it's going to be awhile before we can see her.\" Noah pulled rnhimself to his feet, reaching down and giving Sam a hand up. \"Did they say how bad....\" Sam closed his eyes for a moment, trying to rnsteady himself, his head swimming slightly as he got to his feet, some of the rnsick feeling washing away though at Noah's words that Cath had made it through rnsurgery, the first hurdle anyway. \"The doctor will probably talk to us when they get her upstairs,\" Noah rnsaid as they headed out of the chapel. \"I don't know if they actually have rnanything edible down in the cafeteria but maybe we can visit the gift shop and rnfind some snacks. Some sort of gifts for Cath too, maybe? You have any idea rnwhat she might like for a present? Knew there was something I ought to have rnasked her about while we were stuck in that basement.\" ******************* 7:25 pm Noah and Sam stepped off of the elevator, both with bags from the rnhospital gift shop containing a selection of snack foods along with a few smallrngifts rnfor Catherine. The clerk had firmly kept them from making any larger rnpurchases with the reminder that Cath wouldn't be allowed anything big untilrnshe was rnin a regular room. Noah hurried over to the desk, kind of surprised that Sam wasn't already rnthere demanding information but apparently this entire situation was taking rnway more out of the lead deputy than he had imagined; Sam was hanging back, rnobviously waiting for Noah to take the lead. \"Do you know if they've brought rnCatherine Walsh up from surgery yet?\" he asked the nurse quietly. \"Are you family?\" the nurse asked him, shooting a look over at Sam as rnwell as she spoke. \"I'm afraid that only immediate family is allowed in to see rnher at the moment.\" \"She's my mother and that's my dad,\" Noah told the nurse. The others rncould just think up a way to get in when they got there. Well, maybe he would rnthink of something for 'Vannah. Cosmo and Bobby though.... He had a bad rnfeeling that his twenty had gone to finance either Cosmo's new tie or Bobby's rnlunch. \"How is she?\" \"The doctor will be in to speak with you as soon as he can. You can go rnon back if you want,\" the nurse said, her voice more gentle now. She paused a rnmoment before she spoke again, knowing how the condition of the patients, the rnmachines and equipment could bother some people. \"Your mother's fairly ill rnright now. She's on a ventilator and sedated. You might want to be prepared rnto see....\" \"Won't freak about it, promise.\" Noah said with a slight grin. Where is rnshe?\" \"Second room on the right,\" the nurse told him as she motioned in the rnproper direction. \"I'll let the doctor know that you're here.\" As the two men moved rapidly down the hall, something suddenly occured to rnNoah. Not much connected to hospitals freaked him after his stay but he rnwasn't so sure about Sam. \"Ummm, Sam, the nurse said that Cath's pretty sick. rnThey've got her on....\" They reached the room and Sam was already through the rndoor, moving quickly in his haste to get to Catherine's side. \"Sam?\" Noah hurried after him, the other man suddenly swaying slightly, rnhaving to lean hard on Noah as he saw Catherine for the first time. \"Sam, rnit's okay, I promise it's okay. They're helping her.\" He quickly grabbed a rnchair, getting Sam sitting down before he could fall down. Noah was definitelyrnglrnad seeing Sam's reaction to Cath like this that he hadn't been there in the rnaftermath of the shooting, the coma. Noah would have never wanted him to have rnto go through seeing that. \"Catherine?\" Sam whispered, shocked, his hand reaching out, hovering rnover hers, not sure if he could even touch her. He had seen patients in ICU rnbefore, but somehow was simply not ready for the sight of Catherine in this rncondition. Her skin was deathly pale, her eyes closed. She looked just thernway she rnhad in his dream, lying in that coffin, except for the medical equipment she rnwas attached to. There was a tube in her throat, connected to a machine at rnher side, rhythmically forcing oxygen into her lungs, tape on her cheeksrnholding rnit into place. IVs were in both arms dripping blood and other fluids into rnher body, bruising already apparent from where she had been stuck for various rnthings. Monitors, wires, a tube in her nose, he didn't know there was thatrnmuch rnequipment that one person could be attached to. He glanced up at Noah, rnuncertain, looking for reassurance. \"Sam, she's going to be alright,\" Noah whispered, reaching out and rnputting a hand on his friend's shoulder. \"Go ahead; you can touch her. Itrnwon't rnhurt.\" He watched as Sam slowly covered Catherine's hand with his own. Noah rnsqueezed Sam's shoulder, then, gently. \"We've just got to be here for her nowrnand rndo whatever she needs to get better.\"[Chapter 26] June 2nd, 7:45 pm The two marshals were right next to Catherine, Sam holding her hand as herngently stroked the tiny bit of skin on her cheek that was not covered with tapernand Noah with his hand resting beneath the fingers of the hand Sam was holding.rnCatherine was attached to so much that what they could actually touch wasrnpretty limited. \"It's going to be alright now,\" Noah whispered as he gave her hand a slightrnsqueeze before glancing over at Sam for a moment, a bit of humor in his eyes. rn\"Sam managed to find his way to the hospital to collect us after all. You'verngot to get better now so we can all go home.\" Just then, they heard footsteps coming down the hall and a moment later therndoor opened to admit an older doctor in a rumpled pair of scrubs and a labrncoat[, carrying a folder. \"I'm Dr. Austin, you're Ms. Walsh's family?\" \"Yes,\" Noah said quickly. \"Do you know how serious her condition is?\" \"At the moment, it's very serious indeed,\" the doctor said as he moved overrnto Catherine's bedside, gently feeling her pulse and checking the readouts onrnthe monitors as he continued to talk. \"There was a perforation of the smallrnbowel due to the blunt trauma, resulting in a significant blood loss as well asrnthe release of the intestinal contents into the abdominal cavity.\" He openedrnthe folder and pulled out x-rays. \"Here's the location of the perforation.\" Hernheld the chart up to the light, angled so the two men beside him could see.rn\"I'm afraid it couldn't have been in a worse location. We were able tornstabilize her and repair the damage to the bowel while cleaning out thernintestinal contents, but with the nature of the injury, the odds ofrncomplications are high.\" \"Complications?\" Sam gave the doctor a look usually reserved for fugitives.rnThis man better not be giving up on Catherine so quickly. \"What kind of....\" rnSpecialists, were there some kind of specialists that the marshals' servicerncould call in? \"Infection. With the intestinal contents released into the abdominal cavityrnthe way they were, infection is almost guaranteed. Her white cell count isrnelevated right now and she's running a slight fever so we have her onrnintravenous antibiotics that will hopefully stop any infection that might bernpresent from spreading. There's also the risk that swelling of the abdominalrnorgans could occur due to the trauma and the amount of fluids she's received sornfar. I won't lie to you. The situation right now is extremely critical.\" Therndoctor glanced down at Catherine, a sad expression on his face, before lookingrnonce more at the two men at her side, the younger with a worried expression butrnthe older looking shell-shocked. \"The next forty-eight to seventy-two hoursrnare going to be what tells how well she's going to do. If the infection can berncontrolled and swelling doesn't develop, she has a chance.\" \"Chances. What are they?\" Sam asked, pain in his voice as he looked overrnat the doctor before once more turning to Catherine. He should have beenrnthere, should have prevented this. She couldn't die. \"Right now, maybe thirty percent.\" The doctor paused before continuing. Hernhated having to give news like this to families. \"I wish I had something morernencouraging to tell you. You should prepare yourselves for the worst.\"[Chapter 27] June 2nd, 8:00 pm \"Sam?\" Noah glanced over at the older marshal as soon as the doctor eft, rnhis face filled with concern when he saw the expression on Sam's face, the rnway he was stroking Catherine's hand as if each touch could be the last. Noah rnreached out and gently put a hand on his friend's shoulder. \"Sam, don't give rnup on her, okay? I know the odds with me had to be way lower than thirty rnpercent and I made it. Catherine's going to come through this too.\" Noah knewrnthat rnCatherine's condition was serious, that they really could lose her but what rngood was it going to do to focus on that? Better to think about what could be rndone to try to make her better. \"Looks like she did when Patrick died,\" Sam whispered in a voice so low rnthat Noah could barely hear him. \"Thought I was going to lose her that time rntoo but now...\" Wasn't fair, wasn't fair at all. They got Noah back. How rncould Catherine be taken? He knew he didn't deserve it but he started to rnsilently pray. Just give them a second chance, a chance to make things right. \"Sam....\" Noah paused for a moment, not sure of what to say. \"Are rnBobby, Cos and 'Vannah coming?\" Sam and Cath were definately going to need allrnthe rnsupport that they could get to make it through this. \"As soon as they can,\" Sam said, glad that Noah had mentioned them, had rnoffered him something to think about besides Catherine and how close she was rnto leaving him. \"Need to get hold of someone at the office, get the papers rnfaxed to start getting things straightened out, get you declared alive.\" He rnshook his head as he thought of what would be involved in correcting thatrnmistake. rnCatherine would have known exactly what to do, how to cut through the red rntape. \"Being declared alive would definately be good,\" Noah said with a soft rnchuckle. He couldn't wait to see the expressions on the faces of of the people rnin personel when they got the report on his return. \"We dan't have to be in rnany rush to do it though. I still get paid by the school for the summer so it rnisn't like I'm in danger of starvation.\" He glanced down at Catherine for a rnmoment before looking up at Sam. \"You know, I did some reading after I woke rnup trying to find out why in the world I couldn't remember anything. Lot of rnthe books said it helps if you talk to the person even if it seems like they rncan't hear you.\" \"Noah....\" Sam looked over at the young man, his eyes filled with pain rnas he was once more reminded of what had happened, that he had left one of his rnkids behind. Would it have made a difference if they had been there with him, rnhelped him recover faster? He knew that they could have prevented the rnamnesia. \"Sam, it wasn't your fault. I swear I'm not mad so don't go beating rnyourself up, okay?\" Noah said softly. \"Let's just think about what we can dornto rnhelp Cath get better now. Maybe we could call Dr. Kimble, see if he has any rnsuggestions about specialists?\" \"Specialists,\" Sam murmured, his voice a bit stronger now that Noah has rnsuggested something that could be done to help. \"Specialists are a good rnidea.\" And what had the boy said about talking to Catherine? He blinked,rnforcing rnhis eyes to focus, to push past the wall of pain. \"Think they can get a phone rnin here? Need to get someone to hunt down Kimble and there are some things, rnthings Catherine would want to have....\" \"I'll....\" Just then Noah heard a familiar noise, a familiar all too rnfrightening noise. He jumped up from the chair without a word, hurrying to the rnwindow to see the whirling shape of a funnel cloud quickly cutting a path, rnheading what appeared to be straight for the hospital. \"Noah!\" Sam grabbed him, dragging him away for the window and back to rnCatherine's side. Sam knew all too well what the noise meant, even without rnhearing it twice already that day. He pulled Noah down almost onto the bed, rnCatherine's frail form shielded beneath the bodies of the two men as the noiserngrew rnlouder, Sam pushing Noah beneath him as well. He had failed to protect Noah rnonce, had failed Catherine. He wasn't going to fail them now. \"Sam! Get your head down!\" Noah yelled, barely able to make himself rnheard as he reached up, jerking Sam down towards the bed as something crashedrnand rnthe room suddenly went black.[Chapter 28] June 2nd, 8:10 pm Ê\"Sam?\" ÊNoah raised his head slightly as soon as the noise stopped, not quite willing to move out of the protective huddle they had formed over Catherine yet. ÊCatherine. ÊA wave of fear washed over him as he recalled how serious her condition was. Ê If the tornado affected the machines.... Ê\"You okay, Noah?\" ÊSam demanded, keeping one arm protectively around the younger man in case the twister headed back as he fumbled with his free hand, checking Catherine. ÊThe lights were flickering, preventing him from seeing the machines, from trusting the readings that they were showing. Ê'Please, please....' ÊHis mind frantically ran over his basic medical training, trying to plan a course of action if worst came to worst. ÊHe wasn't going to lose her like this, wasn't going to let her go without a fight. Ê\"She's still breathing, Sam,\" ÊNoah murmured, a slight feeling of relief washing over him as the adrenalin rush from the storm faded a bit and he started to notice more, to feel a soft stirring beneath him as the ventilator continued its job unhindered, forcing oxygen into Catherine's lungs. ÊSam nodded although he knew Noah couldn't really see it, finally locating the proper place and checking her pulse, much more rapid than he thought it should be and her skin warm beneath his fingers. ÊThe two men moved off of the bed a bit, staying close just in case, but giving Catherine a bit more space. Sam's hand moved to her face now, gently stroking the bit of skin that was exposed as he looked with worry at the flickering lights and machines. ÊCatherine was safe for the moment, but if there was another twister, or the power failed..... Ê\"Everyone alright in here?\" Êthey heard a voice call from the doorway as the lights finally stabilized, a bit dimmer than before but more than enough to allow them to see. ÊThe two men turned to find Colleen, Noah's friend, standing in the doorway with a worried expression on her face. Ê\"We got down as soon as we heard it coming.\" ÊNoah motioned for Colleen to come in, waving her towards the bed. Ê\"What's happening with the power?\" ÊIf they lost that.... Ê\"Backup generators are running right now and the power company's on the way to work on the lines,\" ÊColleen told them as she started to check Catherine, relieved that the storm didn't seem to have caused any serious damage, any disruption of the ventilator or the IV lines. Ê \"Everything's fine there. Under control.\" ÊShe didn't like the way Catherine's heartrate was looking though, much too rapid, taxing her body too much. ÊrThe infection was already putting a strain on her and if she became too frightened..... ÊShe turned from the bed and headed for the door. Ê\"I'm going to go and see if her doctor left an order for something to relax her a little bit more.\" ÊSedation had it's own set of risks but if they couldn't get her heart slowed soon, it wouldn't matter. Ê\"What's wrong with her?\" ÊNoah asked softly as he reached out, gently covering Catherine's hand with his. ÊHe could tell from how Colleen was looking that although things might not be bad yet, they were heading that way. ÊHe saw Sam pale slightly, out of the corner of his eye. Ê They couldn't lose her now, not after all of this. ÊThere had to be something they could do, some way to help her. Ê\"Her heart's beating too fast. ÊRapid heartbeat's expected with a fever but with the fright of that twister, we need to get her calmed down now before it puts too much strain on her body. ÊWhy don't you try talking to her? ÊFamiliar voice might help as much as any medicine.\" Ê And with that, Colleen disappeared out the door. ÊSam and Noah stared at each other. Talk to her? What on earth did one say to a person in this condition, at a time like this? \"Uuuuhh, Sam? You got any ideas?\" Noah asked softly. \"Got no idea what to say.\" ÊHe had been able to talk to Catherine before but then he had been focused on keeping her conscious, and he could tell what was working and what wasn't. Ê\"Me either, son. But I guess we better try.\" The two men turned to the inert form on the bed. \"Cath? Baby, can you hear me? It's me, Sam.\" ÊSam didn't really know what to say, how to make it better. ÊHe had only seen Catherine like this once before and then.... Ê Maybe if she knew that she wasn't alone though.... Ê\"I'm here, too, Cath. It's Noah,\" the young man added, hoping that Catherine recalled what had happened earlier. ÊHe didn't want to frighten her if she didn't remember that he was actually alive. \"Remember? I dug you out...\" Noah paused, then stared at his hand, where it covered Catherine's. \"Sam, I...it twitched.\" Ê\"What?\" Ê\"Her hand. It twitched.\" Ê\"Damn! Baby? Catherine, can you hear us?\" ÊMaybe, maybe this would work, would make a difference. Ê\"There it goes again, Sam! She hears us! She understands!\" ÊNoah silently cheered at that weak motion under his fingers. ÊCath was still there fighting. ÊSam closed his eyes in gratitude. 'Oh, God. Let us help.' ÊNoah saw Sam's expression, emotions flooding them both, and he bent over the severely injured woman. \"Cath, we're both here, and we're gonna stay with you, protect you, I promise --\" Ê\"Me, too,\" came a hoarse interjection from the man beside him. Ê\"-- and we're gonna make sure you get better. I told the staff that you were my mom. Hope you don't mind.\" Both men glanced at the hand under Noah's, and saw it tighten for a long moment. They smiled at each other. \"And I told 'em Sam was my dad. Hadda get us in to see you somehow. Besides, it's about halfway true.\" Another squeeze. \"You don't mind?\" Eyelids fluttered against pale cheeks, and the corners of Catherine's lips turned up just slightly. \"Good,\" Noah said softly. \"I'm glad.\" Ê\"Cath, it's Sam,\" Gerard spoke then. \"Looks like we got that son we always wanted, after all, honey. Noah's a good one. He's taken good care of yo...of...of us. Of us both,\" he choked, remembering how Noah had looked out for him earlier that evening when he had passed out from low blood sugar. He paused for a moment, to get control, before continuing. \"The rest of the team's on the way too. They'll be here soon. Ê Dunno what story we're gonna give the staff to get them in, but we'll think of something. That okay?\" Noah nodded at her hand, indicating another light squeeze. Gerard nodded in reply. \"Okay, darlin'.\" His natural accent began slipping through. \"Doc's gone to get you something to help you relax, so I want you to lie there and just rest, okay? We're gonna get you well. I swear we will.\"[Chapter 29] JJune 2nd, 10:00 pm \"What in the world happened?\" Bobby muttered as the trio of marshals pulled their rented van into the chaos of the hospital parking lot. Trees were down along the perimeter of the lot and vehicles from the local power company were swarming everywhere, people rushing about frantically shouting to each other as they worked. As they looked towards the hospital, they noticed the lights flickering slightly. \"Storm, I guess,\" Cosmo muttered as they climbed out of the van and headed for the ER entrance, 'Vannah carrying both of the bags that they had packed for Catherine, clinging to some small hope that it would be the first bag that she would need instead of the second. \"Sam must be so....\" 'Vannah knew that the storm wouldn't normally disturb their unflappable leader but the storm on top of an injured, possibly dying Catherine. Too much like Noah, way too much like Noah. She closed her eyes for a moment as she thought of the young deputy. Hurt so bad to remember, hurt all of them to think of him and how they lost him. \"I'll go find out where they are,\" Cosmo said quietly as they entered the ER, flashing their badges to get through the crowd. If Sam had lost Catherine.... Noah's death and Sam's reaction had damaged their little family but Cosmo knew that Catherine's death would destroy it completely. 'Let her be rokay. Just let her make it through this. Don't care how bad she's hurt if....' They had time off, with how hard Sam worked them, they all had tons of time off. They could take turns, take care of Catherine. 'Please let her....' 'Vannah and Bobby watched Cosmo's progress towards the desk, both wrapped up in their own thoughts, 'Vannah so distracted that she didn't notice for a moment when Bobby moved away from her and over to a table covered with food. \"Hey, is this stuff free?\" Bobby asked the nervous looking man, the vice principal of the junior high, who was standing near the table. When he glanced up at Bobby in puzzlement for a moment and then nodded, Bobby eagerly reached out, snagging a plate and piling it high with slices of meat loaf. They rdidn't have anything on the chartered flight and he was about to starve. \"Bobby, get away from there,\" 'Vannah muttered as she pulled the larger deputy away from the food before he could help himself to everything on the table. How in the world could he eat so much anyway? A moment later Cosmo came hurrying back, not looking as bleak as he had ever since they had heard the news about Catherine but still looking very worried. \"Cos....\" \"She's in ICU.\" Cosmo told them, motioning for them to follow him towards the nearest elevator. \"How bad is it?\" 'Vannah asked quietly as they headed upstairs, inwardly rejoicing that Catherine wasn't dead but at the same time worrying that her survival simply meant that their grief would be prolonged. Having to sit there, watching her die after getting their hopes up..... \"Is Sam....\" \"He's probably up there with her. It doesn't look good,\" Cosmo said with a slow shake of his head. \"She made it through surgery but.... Might not make it through the night.\" 'Vannah felt tears beginning to prick at her eyes as they stepped off of the elevator and headed for the nurse's desk. If Sam had to.... They were there though. Maybe that would make a difference. They could support him, comfort him if worst came to worst. \"We're here about Catherine Walsh,\" Cosmo told the nurse starting to reach for his badge once more in case. \"We've been expecting you,\" the nurse said before Cosmo could say anymore, recalling what the young man had told her earlier about the rest of the family who would be arriving. She looked at 'Vannah for a moment, a puzzled expression on her face before shrugging. Who said families had to be matching? \"Your sister's in the second room on the right. You can go on back if you like. Her husband and son are with her right now.\" Sister? Cosmo didn't ask questions though, just glad that Sammy had been functioning well enough to think of a way to get them back to see Catherine. Husband had to be Sam but who in the world could the son the nurse had mentioned be? \"Cos?\" The group suddenly stopped, hearing the sound of low voices coming from behind the closed door of Catherine's room. One of those voices, so achingly familiar. \"Sam needs us,\" Cosmo whispered as he reached for the door. He had heard the voice, had recognized it too but there was no way. Ears had to be playing tricks on them. \"Sam?\" As the door swung open, the marshals' eyes were first drawn to the pale figure in the bed, more wires and tubes than they thought possible attached to her body, the only sign of life the mechanical movement of the ventilator forcing air into her lungs. Then their eyes moved over, to the man at the bedside, his hand resting on Catherine's his face almost as pale as hers. Further, just a little bit further. Right next to Sam was another man, younger.... \"Noah?\" 'Vannah whispered, her eyes widening in shock, the bag dropping from suddenly numb fingers. How....?[Chapter 30] June 2nd, 10:15 pm The three marshals stared in shock at the young man beside Sam, not rbelieving what they were seeing for a long moment before Bobby's knees started to rbuckle and within seconds, the entire group had hit the floor like a row of rdominos. \"I hope that was just shock and not the meatloaf,\" Noah said quietly r,attempting to make light of the situation, as he gave Catherine's hand a rreassuring pat before he and Sam hurried to the side of their teammates. \"I rrecognize that meatloaf. Killed a substitute science teacher last month.\" He looked rdown at the plate of meatloaf critically for a moment before helping Sam to rhaul the swaying marshals to their feet. \"I think some of that might be the rsame meatloaf.\" \"Who the hell are you?\" Cosmo shrugged off Noah's helping hand, glaring rat Noah with a look that would have done the poor boy in if looks could kill. \"You look like... Noah.\" 'Vannah whispered as she stared in wide-eyed rshock. \"Why do you look like Noah?\" She wanted to rush over, to hug him, to rpray that some sort of miracle had occured but she couldn't move, couldn't let rherself believe what she was seeing. \"You can't be Noah...can you?\" \"Impersonating a US Marshal,\" Bobby muttered angrily as he fumbled for rhis cuffs. How could someone be so cruel, especially at a time like this? Noah shook his head, wondering if he was going to go through this with revery last person that he knew. Maybe he could get Sam to write him a note or rsomething, an excuse note for being misplaced? Or maybe Colleen if she managed rto figure out how he had ended up lost to begin with. \"Guys, I'm not dead. rI don't know how everyone ended up being told that I was but....\" Cosmo's sharp glare didn't waver as he stared at Noah. \"The hell you rsay. We buried Noah Newman three years ago. I don't care what you say. That rboy's dead and if you don't get out of here now....\" He looked over towards the rbed at Catherine, so frail and broken. How could someone do something like rthis, pretending to be Noah? Loosing him had nearly destroyed the team and now rfor someone to show up claiming to be him when they were on the verge of rloosing someone else.... He was surprised that Sam hadn't gone off on the man ralready. Sammy had to be in seriously bad shape to have not reacted to something rso cruel. Cosmo stormed over to Noah, reaching out and catching the collar rof his shirt. \"I told you to get the hell out of here! NOW!\" Noah started to jerk away from Cosmo but stopped when he caught sight of rCatherine, the machine monitoring her heartbeat starting to beep ominously rfast. They couldn't do this, not here. Not with every angry word putting rCatherine's life in danger. \"Oh, God. Just stop it, Cosmo, okay?\" Noah said rquietly. \"We'll settle this later. Catherine needs to stay calm right now.\" He rglanced over at the machine again. Heartbeat way, way too fast. He pulled rhimself free of Cosmo and turned to Sam. He didn't want to leave him alone right rnow but if it would get things to settle down. \"Sam, I'll go out in the rwaiting room.\" He looked over at 'Vannah and Bobby out of the corner of his eye. rBobby still looked about as mad as Cosmo but 'Vannah looked torn, like she rmight believe him. \"Just go back where you came from before we get the cops in here,\" Cosmo rmuttered as he glared at the man. \"We don't need you, whoever the hell you rare. We've got enough problems. You got a helluva nerve, coming in here, rimpersonating our dead colleague! I oughta deck you right here, right now! And if ryou don't GET OUTTA HERE --!\" Cosmo moved threateningly toward Noah, raising his rright fist, not noticing the beeping of the heart monitor becoming faster, rmore erratic. \"He isn't going anywhere.\" Sam had moved silently to Noah's side during rthe argument, unnoticed by the other marshals. His tone brooked no rdiscussion. \"Boy's who he says he is and if you have any issues with it, you can leave. r Or take it up with me. Personally.\" Sam's face was set in a grim rexpression. He thought of the members of his team as his kids but if it came down to rit, if they expected him to let them drive Noah away.... They'd find out how rtough Samuel Gerard could really be.[Chapter 31] June 2nd, 10:25 pm Cosmo and Bobby both stared at Sam in shock, unable to believe that he was taking the side of this impostor over them. Cosmo shook his head slowly. They all knew what Noah's death had done to Sam but for him to fall for something like this.... He had to be in seriously bad shape. \"Sam....\" \"Leave him be or get out, Cosmo, That simple,\" Sam said quietly as he glared at Cosmo, hating that it had come to this but not seeing any other way to handle the situation. He wasn't letting Cosmo drive Noah off, wasn't letting Catherine.... Catherine? Sam turned as the frantic beeping of the heart monitor finally sank in, hurrying back to Catherine's side. \"Cath? Catherine? It's okay, baby,\" he spoke softly to the quiet form. \"I swear, it's gonna be okay.\" If anything happened to her because of this.... \"What's wrong with her?\" 'Vannah asked Noah quietly as she moved over to Catherine's bedside as well, ignoring the look Cosmo gave her for actually speaking to the boy. She still wasn't one hundred percent sure that this actually was Noah returned to them somehow but if there was any chance.... There was something about him, definitely something about him that was achingly familiar. She chose not to think about at that at the moment though. If it were really Noah.... Well, there would be time to deal with that later. 'Vannah looked down at Catherine worriedly, surprised to note small lines of tension on the other woman's face. The truth dawned on her. \"She can hear us?\" They had just assumed that Catherine was so deeply unconscious that she couldn't hear when they came in. Noah nodded, reaching out and gently putting his hand over Catherine's, a worried look on his face. \"Catherine, it's okay, honey. It's okay.\" Where in the world was a nurse? If they couldn't calm her fast.... He was going to kill Cos for this one. \"Bobby, go get a nurse in here now,\" 'Vannah said, shooting a look at Cosmo as she spoke. He had an angry scowl on his face and was shooting daggers at Noah as he spoke to Catherine, trying to calm her. \"Cos, she can hear us. If you can't behave do what Sam said and leave. You're making her worse.\" Sam let himself smile slightly at 'Vannah's words. Least one of his kids seemed like they might trust Noah. Sam reached out, gently stroking the bit of skin on Catherine's cheek that he could touch safely, leaning down to whisper in her ear. \"It's okay, baby. It's going to be okay. Don't you worry about a thing right now. Just relax and let us help you. Everything's gonna be fine.\" \"Cath?\" 'Vannah reached out, gently patting Catherine's other hand, being careful not to disturb the monitor clipped to one finger. \"Hey, it's okay. You know what Cos is like. Don't pay any attention to him. No one else does. Well, maybe the fashion police. Had to go by his place before we caught our flight and.... Wonder the turkey isn't an endangered animal with how many seem to have died for his wardrobe.\" \"That's it, honey. Just calm down now,\" Noah whispered, grinning slightly at 'Vannah's comment, not having to look to know the expression on Cosmo's face over the comment about his clothes. He glanced up at the heart monitor, sighing slightly in relief as he noted that Catherine's heartrate had slowed back almost to normal again. \"What's going on in here?\" the nurse said as she came in followed by Bobby, glancing at the monitors with a worried expression before turning to glare around the room. \"If you can't keep quiet and let her rest, then all of you will have to leave. She can't be put through any stress right now.\" \"No one's going to be doing anything,\" Sam said quietly, staring at Cosmo with a stern expression. \"See that you don't. If there's another incident....\" The nurse looked at Sam and Noah with a gentler expression now. \"I'm very sorry but your wife can't take much more strain. If anything else happens, it could very well prove fatal.\"[Chapter 32] June 2nd, 10:40 pm \"Sam, what happened anyway?\" 'Vannah asked as the nurse finally left once more satisfied that things in the room were all right. She had never seen that before, the look of despair on Sam's face at the nurse's words, that Catherine might not.... This was a nightmare, definately a nightmare. Here they had come to help Sam and they were making things worse. \"We got trapped in the basement together after the tornado hit,\" Noah murmured as he gently stroked Catherine's hand, tears stinging at his eyes that he could barely control. She had to get better, she just had to get better. If they lost her like this.... He glanced over at 'Vannah for a moment, relieved at least to see that she didn't have a hostile expression on her face. What was Cosmo thinking? Didn't he care what this was doing to Sam? He shook his head, forcing himself to continue with his explanation. If Cos wanted to damage their family like this, there was nothing that he could do to stop it. \"I tried to take care of her, to get us out as fast as I could but there was just so much damage to the building and Catherine....\" \"Ruptured intestines, infection,\" Sam whispered as he stroked Catherine's cheek, hoping that touching her, some sort of positive contact, would make a difference. \"Claiming he saved her? Yeah, right,\" Cosmo muttered to Bobby under his breath, still looking at Noah with an angry expression. How could this guy fool Sam, fool 'Vannah? He could tell from how she was looking at the boy that she already halfway believed him. \"Why don't we go and get some coffee or something?\" 'Vannah said softly as she looked over at Cosmo with a pointed expression that belied her words. Something was going to have to be done about his attitude, and fast, before damage was done that couldn't be fixed. \"Looks like it's going to be a long night.\" \"'Vannah, you know that can't be....\" Cosmo said the second they were out of the room, barely keeping from shouting, he was so angry. They had loved Noah, they had all loved Noah, and for someone to come in like this and desecrate his memory was intolerable. \"Cos, I don't know,\" 'Vannah whispered, a wave of conflicting emotions washing over her now that they were where they could talk freely without worry of endangering Catherine or enraging Sam. Sam seemed utterly convinced that the boy was Noah. Din't that count for something, no matter how rattled Sam was? Sam wasn't the type to go off half-cocked, no matter how upset. If he believed the boy was Noah, there had to be a reason, and a good one. \"There's something about him.... and we didn't see....\" They should have seen him, looked at him one last time but everyone had been so rattled. \"Sam saw! He's the one who told us!\" \"Cos, keep your voice down, okay? I'm not saying it is Noah but something.... And Sam seems to believe him. Gotta be a reason why Sam believes him...\" 'Vannah mused out loud. \"You know,\" Bobby said with a puzzled tone in his voice as he thought back on things, munching on the remaining meatloaf as he thought. \"Now that I think about it, something did seem a little off when we were carrying that coffin. Felt heavier than it should have. Thought you weren't carrying your end right, Cos.\" \"Me? It was you that wasn't doing it right,\" Cosmo grumbled. \"Almost dropped the damn thing!\" \"Guys, come on,\" 'Vannah led them into the waiting room and over to the coffee machine, swiftly pouring cups for everyone. \"I'm not saying that we have to believe it's Noah. I'm not sure myself. I think we need to at least accept it as a possibility right now though.\" \"Sam's going to get hurt,\" Cosmo said quietly. Although he and Sam definitely had rough patches in their friendship, Cosmo cared, and he couldn't stand that thought, couldn't stand it if he had to just sit there and let some impostor.... Didn't 'Vannah see, remember what losing Noah had done to Sam? When this guy was exposed as a fake.... And what if Catherine didn't make it? How would Sam handle a double blow? \"Cosmo, Sam needs that boy right now.\" 'Vannah reached out, putting a hand on his shoulder, knowing that she had to make him understand. \"Catherine's sick, maybe dying. If it is Noah, then we've been given a miracle. Let Sam have some hope that maybe another miracle will come through for Cath. Even if it isn't.... Cos, we can't take that boy away from Sam right now no matter what we think. He's giving him hope and that's what Sam needs.\"[Chapter 33] June 2nd, 11:00 pm Ê ÊThe three marshals headed back towards Catherine's room once more, all deep in thought. ÊCosmo shook his head slowly, wishing there was something that he could say to make 'Vannah understand. ÊHe wanted that boy to be Noah too, wanted it just as bad as she did but how.... Ê He couldn't do it, couldn't let himself get his hopes up knowing that they were just going to get dashed again. ÊHe hadn't seen Noah's injuries but from what he had heard, he didn't see any way that the boy could have survived. ÊAnd even if he did, that didn't explain.... Ê They had buried someone, definately had buried someone. ÊHe had nearly thrown out his back on that coffin. Ê ÊThe three stopped in surprise when they saw Noah waiting outside the door, a nervous expression on his face. Ê Ê\"Catherine's not....\" Ê'Vannah started to say, sudden worry hitting her at the sight of him. ÊShe wanted to believe so badly that the boy was Noah but.... Ê Ê\"She's okay,\" ÊNoah said quietly, closing his eyes for a moment before starting to speak again. ÊThis had to be fixed somehow. ÊHe didn't think Cosmo was going to blow up like he had again but.... ÊCatherine had accepted him without question, Sam had after he had told him about the fishing spot. Ê Surely there was something that he could do to make things right with the others as well. ÊHe just wanted his family back the way that it had been before. ÊThey were the only family that he had and he wanted them back. Ê\"Listen, I know that you don't trust me too much right now, and I guess I can understand that, but is there something, any sort of test, that might convince you? Ê I don't want things to keep going on like...\" he nodded back over his shoulder, indicating Catherine's room behind him, and sighed.\"Ê It wasn't his fault that he had ended up misplaced, he shouldn't have to be the one constantly having to prove things but... Ê Ê'Vannah shot a look at Cosmo, warning him not to start another arguement before turning to Noah. Ê\"Why don't you start with telling us where you've been for the last three years if you are Noah?\" Êshe said softly, something in the boy's expression tugging at her heart. Ê 'Please, please, let this be....' Ê\"They told us you were dead. ÊSam told us....\" Ê Ê\"I really, really don't know how that happened,\" ÊNoah said with a shake of his head. Ê\"If you want to though, you can go find Colleen Harper, tiny little thing, silver blonde hair, you can't miss her. ÊShe's the administrator of the hospital I was at and she was going to do some checking on that. Ê Maybe she's already figured out how it happened.\" ÊHe shook his head in slight pity for the staff members that he was sure were going to be in very big trouble over this one. ÊFor a tiny little thing, Colleen was extremely persistant. Ê\"All I know is that I woke up about a week later with no idea of who I was and nothing to identify me.\" Ê Ê \"They gave us all your credentials and stuff,\" 'Vannah remarked quietly, and Noah nodded in understanding. Ê Ê \"I just hope that no one spent that twenty,\" ÊNoah said in a light tone as he glanced over at Cosmo and Bobby. Ê Ê\"Amnesia?\" ÊCosmo had a sceptical but at the same time puzzled expression on his face. ÊAmnesia was one of the oldest tricks in the book but at the same time.... ÊIt was something that was so unlikely that maybe.... ÊCould it be true? ÊAnd something about the boy's offhand comment about a twenty.... Ê Ê\"I tried everything, anything anyone suggested to remember. ÊIt was like there was this great big empty space where I knew something was supposed to be but I didn't know what,\" ÊNoah said quietly, not really wanting to think about that time but hoping that talking about it might help, might convince them to give him a chance. Ê \"There were no missing persons' reports, no one called the hospital looking....\" Ê Ê\"We didn't exactly know we needed to look,\" ÊBobby muttered, starting to slowly feel like 'Vannah did over the situation. ÊHow could it be Noah but.... ÊSomething about this kid just felt so right. ÊSurely they would know, would be able to sense something..... Ê \"But if that wasn't you in that coffin....\" ÊMarshals' Service was just going to love this. ÊWho had they buried if it wasn't Noah? ÊFunerals weren't cheap. Ê Ê\"I have no idea,\" ÊNoah said with a shake of his head. Ê\"Might have been the John Doe that they thought that I was since no one came looking for anyone.\" Ê Ê\"It'd sure explain the weight,\" Bobby thoughtfully remarked to the air. 'Vannah nodded, thinking hard, and Cosmo frowned for a moment, trying to remember. Bobby had a point.Ê Ê\"How did you end up here? ÊIsn't exactly close to the city,\" ÊCosmo asked, having to fight to maintain control, to keep himself focused. ÊHe wanted to believe this was Noah, it would be so easy to let himself believe that it was Noah but.... Ê Ê\"Hospital beaurocrats tend to frown on people who can't remember what insurance company can be billed for rather expensive medical procedures. ÊThey wanted to ship me to a homeless shelter but Colleen found a job for me here at the junior high instead. Ê So I've been playing janitor for the last three years, and trying to keep up with the kids. My bills are all paid, though. Well, almost. Just a few more thousand to go.\" Ê Noah glanced over at Bobby for a moment, as the others stared at him in shock. Ê\"Ummm, I really, really wouldn't eat anymore of that meatloaf if I were you. ÊI'm fairly sure that piece there is the one that did in the substitute science teacher.\" Ê Bobby stared down suspiciously at the plate in his hand, then silently discarded it into the nearest wastebasket. Ê Ê\"You willing to have fingerprints, DNA?\" ÊCosmo said, forcing his voice to come out slightly harsh. ÊIf this kid was tricking them somehow, well it would be easier if it came out now instead of when.... Ê Ê\"I'm willing to do anything.\" ÊNoah spoke in a quiet yet determined voice. \"I just want things like they were before and whatever it takes to get things back that way, I'll do it.\" Ê ÊCosmo's eyebrows shot up. \"Big bluff, my man,\" he warned the young man. \"Easy one to call.\" Ê Ê \"No bluff,\" Noah answered quietly. Ê Ê \"Easy to find out,\" 'Vannah cut off Cosmo's retort. \"Let's go find the lab and have the tests run.\" Ê Ê \"Right now,\" Cosmo added harshly. Ê Ê Noah pushed away from the wall. \"Let's go,\" he said calmly.[Chapter 34] June 2nd, 11:10 pm Ê ÊSam leaned against the door, hearing every word that Noah and the others were saying before they finally moved away. ÊHe shook his head as he headed back to Catherine's side once more, reaching down and coving her hand with his. Ê\"Noah's a good kid, Catherine,\" Ê he said softly, gently stroking her fingers as he talked. ÊWhy couldn't Cosmo just accept that Noah was really.... ÊBoy shouldn't have to do all of this to prove himself. ÊHe closed his eyes for a moment as he thought, the stress of the day nearly overtaking him. Ê Hadn't even been twelve hours yet. ÊHow could everything have happened in such a short time? Ê ÊSam leaned over the bed, gently pressing a kiss against Catherine's forehead. Ê\"Noah's a good kid,\" Êhe repeated. Ê\"I always thought....\" ÊHe hesitated for a moment. ÊThis was something that he had never discussed with Catherine, something that he had always tried to push away. Ê \"If Patrick had lived....\" ÊHe felt tears start to prick at his eyes again at the thought of their son, had to fight to keep talking about him. Ê\" ÊIf he had lived, I hope he would have been like Noah.\" Ê ÊMaybe the first words made it easier to talk, maybe he just realized that this was something he had to do but he slowly continued. Ê\"We never talked much about Patrick after and I'm sorry that I did that. ÊBoth of us throwing ourselves into work, trying to hide.\" Ê What he had done with Noah, he realized. Ê\"I made mistakes back then, Cath, and if I could undo them....\" Ê So much that he would change. ÊThere was nothing he could have done that would have prevented the crushing loss of their son but he could have tried harder, kept from losing Catherine, losing all hope of a family. Ê ÊHe felt a tear rolling down his cheek as he looked into her pale, still face. Ê\"I loved that little boy so much and when he was gone.... ÊShould have been there for you, should have at least made sure that we got to see him. ÊWhen I got that call that he was gone, that you nearly died....\" Ê He reached out, gently stroking the bit of her cheek he could touch. Ê\"I didn't want to believe it, prayed the entire way there for some sort of a miracle.\" ÊHe closed his eyes again, reliving that moment. ÊThe call from Catherine's father telling him that the baby was gone and there was no need for him to be with Catherine anymore, the rush to that hospital praying the entire time that their son really wasn't gone. Ê Should have been him if anyone had to go. ÊPatrick had his entire life ahead of him, didn't get the chance to live. Ê He'd been such a strong baby, would have grown into a good man, Sam was sure, silently remembering the times he and Catherine would lay cuddled in each other's arms feeling that little boy kicking inside of her. ÊEven after all this time, for that baby to be gone so suddenly.... Ê Ê\"I miss him, Catherine. ÊI still think about him and what we could have had every day,\" ÊSam whispered as he leaned over and gently kissed her again. Ê\"My fault, all my fault that things fell apart. ÊWhen I saw you like that and found out how close I came to losing you.... Ê I was wrong, honey. ÊI was so wrong.\" Ê Ê\"You have to get better, Baby. ÊI want us to make a fresh start of things, do things right this time, the way they should have been all those years ago.\" ÊHis fingers gently stroked her ring finger for a moment. Ê\"You know, I still have your ring. Ê Guess maybe I was hoping that someday.... ÊWe can still be a family, Catherine. ÊI swear we can be. ÊJust get better.\" Ê Ê His hand, which he'd tucked carefully under her pale fingers, suddenly registered pressure. He froze, staring down at the small fingers encircling his large ones. \"Cath?\" he whispered in a strangled voice. This time he saw her fingers tighten, just slightly. \"Oh God, Cath.\" Her head suddenly tilted slightly toward him. \"Baby, I...\" Sam straightened up, determined. \"I swear, baby, I'll get that ring and put it on your finger as soon as we get home. You just have to hurry and get better, okay?\" Fingers tightened on his again, not strong, barely noticeable, but to Sam's senses, heightened by emotion, it was an unbreakable grip. He squared his shoulders and raised his head, lips curving in a smile, eyelashes wet with unshed tears, as he promised her, \"You're mine, and I'm not letting you go again.\"[Chapter 35] June 2nd, 11:15 pm \"Hey, Frank,\" Cosmo said when the other marshal finally answered the rphone back at the office. \"Cos, did you find them?\" Frank Henry quietly asked, several other rnearby marshals looking up at the sound of Cosmo's name. Normally by this time, rthere wouldn't be many people in the office unless a big case was going down, rbut with the situation with Catherine.... \"How is....\" He braced himself, rwatched the others bracing themselves as well. Catherine was their boss and she rwas a good one. To lose her so senselessly would half-kill them. And then rthere was how her death would affect Sam. \"Made it through surgery. They've got her in ICU on support right now,\" rCosmo said quietly as he watched Noah rolling his sleeve back down as the lab rtech finished taking the blood samples. Kid hadn't hesitated at all about rthe fingerprinting, the blood tests. Had even offered to have copies of his rmedical records sent down if it would help. Could it be that he was telling the rtruth? Cosmo shook his head slowly, not able to believe it no matter how much rhe wanted to. \"Frank, we're going to fax some prints in a couple of minutes. r Need someone to run them through the computer ASAP, compare them to Noah's.\" \"Noah?\" Frank said in confusion, not sure why in the world Cosmo would rbe asking for fingerprints on Noah after three years. \"Cosmo, what's going on rout there?\" They had gone out to see about Catherine and Sam. How did a boy rthat had been gone for three years end up being mentioned? \"Just check them and call me right back, Frank,\" Cosmo said slowly rbefore giving him the number of the lab phone. \"It's important.\" Cosmo wasn't rgoing to tell anyone else what was going on, not until.... Maybe that was what rthis kid was wanting, to throw the entire office into confusion claiming to be rNoah. Cosmo shook his head as he hung up the phone. Kid had to be an rimposter, couldn't be Noah but.... He wanted him to be, wanted him to be that boy so rmuch that it hurt. \"They'll have the results soon,\" he said in a gruff tone as he turned to rface Noah. He looked so much like.... He had to force a harsh expression ronto his face. \"Last chance to tell the truth about this or are you going to rtry to claim some hand injuries to explain....\" \"Cosmo, I'm not stupid enough to touch the school mystery meat bare rhanded. My hands are fine,\" Noah said with a shake of his head and a grin, not rreally upset about having to go through all of this anymore when he caught a rglimpse of the expression on Cosmo's face. Cos wanted to believe that he was for rreal, definately wanted to believe it. Noah just hoped that the hospital had rturned over the right bullets at the time of his shooting. But surely they rhad. 'I mean, if the bullets hadn't matched, surely someone would have called rthe hospital to check that, might have thought to check and make sure the body rthey got matched.' \"One of us should probably go back upstairs and stay with Sam and rCatherine,\" 'Vannah said quietly. She had hated to leave them alone with how sick rCatherine was but if they were going to get this mess straightened out.... She rsilently closed her eyes for a moment, murmuring a soft prayer under her rbreath. She didn't care how, but please let this boy be Noah. \"Sam.... might want some time alone with her,\" Noah said, not really rhappy about leaving Sam and Catherine alone either, but at the same time rremembering some of the things that Sam had told him earlier and knowing that some rprivate time might help the older marshal. \"Ummmm, if you three want to, you can rstay at my place.\" He shook his head slightly as he thought of where he was rcurrently living, above the vice principal's garage. \"Well, one of you might rhave to sleep in the bathtub but.... Hey, Cos, did you make it here with your rluggage this time?\" He could probably put up his three friends but he wasn't rsure he could put up Cosmo's wardrobe. All three marshals froze, then spun toward the young man. \"Wha-what did ryou say?\" they all stammered in unison. \"Did your luggage get here this time?\" Noah repeated. \"I remember what a rhassle it was last time. You spent hours on the phone, trying to recover rit...\" \"Oh, no --\" 'Vannah whispered. Her hand moved to her lips, covering them ras she suddenly flashed back to that day three years ago, arriving in New rYork to Cosmo's complaints about his luggage. \"...Can't be...\" Bobby gasped, staring. \"Oh, my God,\" Cosmo murmured, eyes wide. \"N-Noah?\" How could the kid rknow about that, how could he know unless.... Just then the phone rang, causing them to start slightly at the noise rbefore Cosmo reached out and hastily grabbed it up. \"Cosmo, what the hell's going on here?\" Frank demanded, not able to rbelieve the results that the computer had just shown. \"Why do these prints match rNoah's?\"[Chapter 36] June 2nd, 11:30 pm \"Cosmo?\" Frank said after a moment of silence on the other end of the line. A worried expression filled his eyes as he waited for some sort of reply. What was going on there and why wasn't Cosmo talking? \"Cos, why do those prints....\" No answer. Frank got even more worried. \"Cos...talk to me, man. What's going on?\" \"Oh, God. How close a match?\" Cosmo said quietly, finally shaking himself out of his shock enough to speak. His eyes were wide, his hand barely able to hang on to the phone. He stared at Noah in shock. How? How could....Noah was standing there, just watching quietly. No sign of anger, of resentment. Just...Noah. Good old Noah. Calm, quiet, sure. This wasn't... How was this possible? Noah watched Cosmo, listening to his end of the conversation. He'd seen the realization on Cos' face, the sudden acknowledgement that Noah was indeed really who he claimed. He no longer had any resentment; he knew they were doing what they had to, what their training required. Hell, he would probably do the same, in their shoes. He realized that they had truly believed him to be dead, and their mourning had been deep. A warm sense of family suffused him then, and his eyes met Cosmo's, as he tried to convey that affection to the stunned older man. He saw Cosmo's attention return to the phone, and knew that Frank was answering Cos. \"Perfect match, Cos. Prints're exact,\" Frank said quietly. \"If I didn't know better, I'd swear Noah gave 'em to you, instead of their being latents. What's going on out there? Where did you get Noah's....\" What in the world was going on? Where could Cosmo have found Noah's prints after three years? Why would he even need them run? \"Frank, pack a bag. Get on the next flight out. Bring the tissue samples. Hand-courier...\" Better to have someone hand deliver those blood samples for DNA testing, although Cosmo was now fairly sure that it was just going to be a formality anyway. He shook his head slowly, remembering how he had treated that boy when he saw him. How could he.... would Noah -- COULD Noah -- ever forgive him? And Sam.... \"Cosmo, what's going on?\" Frank demanded again, totally confused by this point and starting to get worried for all of his friends. \"Frank, you probably wouldn't believe me if I told you. Got to see this one for yourself.\" Cosmo said softly, so softly that Frank could barely hear him, still staring at Noah in shock. \"I think... I think that boy's standing right in front of me.\" \"What?!\" What in the world was Cosmo talking about? Frank was starting to get really worried now. The situation with Catherine, had to be the situation with Catherine. He shook his head slowly. How bad was she really? Had to be bad for everyone to be acting like this. ...I know it's bad. Catherine...and Sam's probably losing it...and...\" Cosmo shook his head, giving up trying to explain. Frank was just going to have to see this for himself. \"Just get yourself on the next flight out. Oh, and swing by Sam's on your way to the airport. Couple of boxes in the hall closet I want you to bring.\" Cosmo said before hanging up the phone, not able to talk anymore. He slowly took a step towards Noah before stopping, not really sure of how to react. His eyes were fastened on the boy. \"Cosmo?\" 'Vannah said quietly, her eyes rapidly moving between Noah and Cosmo, not knowing exactly which one to focus on. How could he have known about Cosmo's lost luggage if he hadn't been there, if he wasn't.... Why didn't Cosmo say something, give them the results? She just wanted to grab that boy and hug him but she felt like she couldn't, not until.... \"Cos?\" Bobby looked over at his friend for a moment before focusing on Noah again. \"That was Frank. They got a match. Perfect match.\" Cosmo said slowly as he reached out a suddenly shaky hand. He had nearly hit that boy, he tried to throw him out, had.... \"Perfect match?\" 'Vannah whispered, her eyes widening, tears suddenly flowing. \"Noah.\" Before Noah could react, she suddenly had her arms around him, hugging him fiercely, joined a second later by the two other marshals. A miracle. They had been given a miracle.[Chapter 37] June 2nd, 11:35 pm The three marshals hugged Noah for what felt like forever, not wanting to rlet him out of their grasp, afraid if they did they might wake up and find rout that this was just some sort of wonderful dream. \"Guys, I kind of need to breathe here,\" Noah said with a chuckle rfinally, causing them to release their grip on him just a tiny bit. He could feel rtears stinging his eyes, tears of happiness this time. He had his family back. rNow they just had to get Catherine better and everything would be like it had rbeen before. \"Noah,\" 'Vannah whispered in a tone of awe as she stared at the boy, her rhand drifting up and ruffling his hair meaningfully. \"See you let this get rlong again. Sam said anything about it yet?\" \"Give him time,\" Noah said with a soft chuckle, reaching out now and rhugging his friends. \"He's been kinda preoccupied. I missed you guys, really rmissed you guys.\" \"You have no idea how we missed you, baby,\" 'Vannah answered softly, and rthe men nodded. Noah ducked his head shyly. \"You were in that courthouse,\" Cosmo said slowly, still not really sure rwhat to say to Noah, how to make up for how he had treated him. How could he rhave done that? He.... He was never going to be able to face Sam after this, rafter doing that. \"You did get a doctor to check you, right?\" Bobby demanded before Cosmo rand 'Vannah could ask that very question. \"Everyone seems to be asking that today,\" Noah said, chuckling again. r\"I'm fine. One little cut and some bruises. Landed in a pile of permanent rrecords. Never should have tried to make those kids behave all those times. rCould have skipped the bruises altogether if the pile had been a bit bigger. rMaybe then Catherine wouldn't have....\" He stopped, a pained expression in his reyes as he remembered the basement and what had happened there with Catherine. rShe had to be okay. The others saw the expression change, and glanced at reach other, worried. \"Sweetie, what happened?\" 'Vannah said gently, leading the group over to ra cluster of chairs. \"We got stuck in the basement after the tornado hit,\" Noah said softly, rsuddenly struggling to keep tears of worry back. The last few minutes had rbeen so emotional that now it was hard to restrain his emotions. Okay, rCatherine was going to be okay. He wouldn't let himself believe anything else. r\"There was debris blocking the stairs and Catherine.... She's a tough lady.\" Noah rclosed his eyes for a moment, getting control before continuing. \"Was rworried about Sam, didn't want to hurt him. She believed she was dying. She rthought I was there to take her away for awhile. Guess she figured, if I was dead, rI had to be an angel or something. Funny, huh? Me, an angel? I tried to make rher as comfortable as I could, tried to get us out as fast as I could.... rThat mess was definitely worse than the chain reaction at the last science fair. rShe was so brave. Held out for over two hours and she had to be hurting way rbeyond bad.\" \"She's going to be okay,\" 'Vannah whispered softly, wrapping her arms raround Noah, hugging him against her, and feeling him lean into her, drawing rstrength from her. He had to be dead tired. And in shock, too. He didn't look rthat great, come to think of it. If Sam had been traumatized by what had rhappened to Noah, the boy must be beyond traumatized about seeing Catherine.... \"We rgot one miracle getting you back. We're not going to lose Catherine after rthat.\" 'Vannah smiled slightly, but her voice was firm. \"Hey, she puts up with rSam every day and he's way worse than a tornado. Lady's going to come through rthis fine.\" \"Sam wanted to see if there were specialists or something we could get in rto take a look.\" Noah shook his head slightly, laughing a bit at 'Vannah's rremark, trying to force himself to think positively. He didn't believe rconsciously that Catherine was going to die but whenever he thought of her in the rcondition that she was in while trapped in that basement.... \"Maybe Kimble would rhave some suggestions?\" \"I'll see about getting hold of him,\" Cosmo said quietly. Here was rsomething that he could do to make up for the harm that he had caused before. Fix rthis, he had to do whatever it took to fix this. \"Sam wanted us to keep in rtouch with him, after all that mess back there, anyway. About time to check in, rsay hi.\" \"And while he's doing that, we'll go and get some food,\" Bobby said in a rtone that signalled that disagreement wasn't permitted. \"I swear, you were ralways skinny, kid but.... come on. They do have non-poisonous food here rright?\" \"There ya go,\" 'Vannah encouraged. \"Everything's gonna be just fine, rNoah. The U.S. Marshals are here.\" They all smiled.[Chapter 38] June 3rd 12:15 am Ê Ê\"Kids've been gone a long time,\" ÊSam said quietly, gently stroking rCatherine's fingers as he talked. ÊHe had been a bit concerned at first, Noah going roff with them with how Cosmo had reacted but.... ÊThey were good kids, if rthey had been gone this long, they must have worked things out. ÊHe shook his rhead slowly, determinedly. ÊDamn well better have worked things out. ÊThey needed rto pull together now, not bicker and fight. Catherine needed them, needed all rof them, and Sam would not tolerate anything but calm, soothing behavior raround her. Ê ÊHe smiled slightly when he felt Catherine's hand twitch in his grasp. Êr\"They'll be back soon,\" Êhe told her, reaching out to gently stroke her forehead rwith his other hand. ÊHot, her skin felt much warmer beneath his fingers, rsomething he hadn't really realized until then. ÊHe closed his eyes for a moment, rconcern washing over him. ÊFever going higher, that couldn't be good. ÊThey rneeded to get hold of Kimble, find out if there was a specialist they could get rin here to take a look and fast. ÊHe wasn't losing Catherine, not now, not rwhen they finally had a chance to be together again. Ê ÊHe stood, moving over to the small bathroom, finding a washcloth and rrunning cool water over it before coming back to Catherine's side once more, rgently pressing the cloth against her forehead. Ê\"That feel any better, darlin'?\" Êrhe asked quietly as he took her hand again, felt a tiny bit of pressure on his rfingers. Ê\"Good. ÊWe're going to take good care of you, baby. ÊYou'll be rbetter before you know it.\" ÊHe sat there quietly, gently stroking her fingers for ra few moments before continuing. Ê Ê\"Don't know if there's any place special you'd like to have the wedding rbut kids and I visited this island once chasing this fugitive, Mackinac, I rthink. ÊIt was pretty. That might be a nice place.\" ÊSam closed his eyes for a rmoment once more, thinking of the wedding, remembering what he and Catherine had rplanned so long ago. ÊNot what he supposed a lot of women would want, just rsomething simple at a courthouse but.... ÊHe was going to give her something rbetter this time, maybe not perfect but at least they'd finally be together. Ê Ê ÊHer family, her family would be a major problem. ÊHe wondered if he rshould call them, let them know what had happened. Ê'Damn, guess I should. ÊLast rthing I wanna deal with now. ÊMaybe Savannah can do that when the kids get back. rShe's real diplomatic...' ÊHe shook his head slightly as he thought of rCatherine's family. ÊThey had hurt her, hurt her badly after Patrick's birth and rdeath. ÊProbably wouldn't come when they heard what had happened but if they did rshow up.... ÊThey weren't hurting her again. ÊHe wouldn't let them. Ê ÊJust then he heard a noise and turned as the door opened, surprised to rsee an older man dressed in the garb of a priest entering instead of the kids.rÊ Ê'Priest? ÊWhat's a priest doing here?' Êhe thought, worry rapidly rreplacing surprise. ÊHe didn't think that Catherine was even.... Ê\"Can I help you, rsir?\" Sam asked automatically. The priest waved a gentle hand in dismissal. Ê Ê\"No, son, I'm here to help you. ÊI'm very sorry for your loss. ÊThe rhospital called me a little while ago,\" Êthe priest said in a gentle tone as he rreached out, patting Sam gently on the shoulder before the marshal could react. ÊrIt was always so tragic, losing someone so suddenly like this. ÊHe reached rinto the bag he had brought with him, taking out the necessary items for radministering last rites. ÊThis was one of his least favorite tasks. ÊBut he prepared rcalmly under the disbelieving stare of the marshal. Calm, the old priest had rfound, was a good thing in a situation such as this. It tended to ease the remotions of the bereaved. And this poor man, he thought, looked like he could use ra soothing presence. Ê ÊSam couldn't bring himself to speak, shock now overriding worry as he rwatched the priest praying over Catherine, gently applying some sort of oil... ÊrHe vaguely recalled seeing something like that once or twice with a victim. ÊrLast Rites? ÊBut.... ÊNo, this couldn't be happening. ÊShe couldn't.... ÊHow rlong? ÊThey hadn't told him she was dying. How long did he have with her? ÊThis rwasn't happening, he wouldn't let it happen. ÊHe felt tears stinging his eyes, rtears he could barely force back. ÊHe reluctantly let go of Catherine's hand, rhalf afraid if he let her go, that she would slip away automatically under the rpriest's ministrations. ÊHe hurried to the door, motioning to a passing rnurse, pulling out his badge as he did so. Ê\"Have Cosmo Renfro, 'Vannah Cooper, rBobby Biggs and Noah Newman paged now! ÊI want them here five minutes ago!\" Êhe rdemanded before rushing back to Catherine's side once more. ÊHe couldn't lose rher, not now, not like this. ÊHe could only stare at the scene in horror as the rpriest continued his task.[Chapter 39] June 3, 12:15 am \"Kid, you've got to eat more than that,\" Bobby said with a shake of his rhead as he followed Noah out of the cafeteria. 'Vannah had already finished rher food and headed down to the gift shop and Cosmo was off somewhere trying rto track down Richard Kimble for advice. \"Not really hungry, Bobby,\" Noah said quietly. He had thought about rCatherine; worry about how she was doing and how Sam was holding up had haunted rhim through the whole meal, putting a real damper on his appitite. \"Besides, ryou ate enough for all of us put together. You know, there are other people rhere that might have appreciated it if you had left some food for them.\" He rchuckled lightly. How in the world could he have ever forgotten what Bobby was rlike with food, Cosmo's wardrobe, Sam..... He had missed them, had missed them rso much. \"Kid, a good strong breeze could blow you away.\" Bobby shook his head as rhe looked at Noah. \"What have you been doing for the last three years to get rso skinny? You were thin before but....\" \"I chased kids, Bobby. Chased lots and lots of kids.\" Noah shook his rhead as he thought of it. Wonder if the kids had heard about his memory rreturning yet? He had to admit that he would kind of miss the kids when he went home rdespite the trouble that they could cause. Just then he heard a soft patting rnoise coming down the corridor. He glanced up as a girl, tiny with long rbrown hair swinging loose, came down the hall carrying a large tray covered with rdonuts. \"What do you know. Here comes one of the kids now. Hey, Cindy, rshouldn't you be at home in bed?\" \"Power failure. Electricity was out forever and there's a wedding rtommorrow at noon. Well, there's a wedding at noon if Father Murphy gets himself rback to the rectory by then. Sister has no idea where he's wandered off to. No rone's in bed over at my place. Daddy said we had to clean out everything so rhe'll have space to redo wedding stuff.\" The girl shook her head as she held rout the donuts. \"Want them? School's closed tommorrow and I think Vice rPrincipal Dunbar's about to have a breakdown. The superintendent made him bring rthe leftover meatloaf over to donate and he's just waiting for someone to drop rdead now.\" \"Tell your dad thanks, Cindy. And anyone who gets poisoned by that rmeatloaf has only themselves to blame. They shoud have thought before eating,\" rNoah said as he reached out and took the donuts. Sam would definitely like them rif he could be persuaded to eat. \"You have a ride home, right? You rshouldn't be out so....\" \"Tim's around somewhere. Since someone ate all of the meatloaf,\" the rgirl shook her head. Wonder when they were going to find that corpse. \"The rsuperintendent decided to clean out all of the freezers at school and donate the rstuff. Tim's helping Vice Principal Dunbar hide it all before there's a mass rpoisoning. Are you really a US Marshal? Can the superintendent be arrested rfor that? Donating poisoned food to disaster victims?\" The girl paused for a rmoment, spotting someone down the hall. \"Got to go. You can drop by rtommorrow if you want to. If Father Murphy doesn't show up, Daddy's going to have rplenty of wedding food that will need eating.\" \"Nice kid,\" Bobby said slowly as the girl hurried away, reaching out as rhe talked and snagging a donut, while mulling over the odd invitation she'd rissued Noah. Noah rolled his eyes. \"Nice because she's alone. They normally travel rin herds. Leave the chocolate ones alone, okay? If Sam's able to eat....\" \"Cosmo Renfro, Bobby Biggs, Savannah Cooper, Noah Newman, please report rto ICU. Cosmo Renfro, Bobby Biggs, Savannah Cooper, Noah Newman, please rreport to ICU.\" The two men stopped short as they heard the announcement blaring rover the intercom. Their postures announced their shock. \"Catherine,\" Noah whispered, horrified, looking over at Bobby for a rmoment before the two men turned and headed for the elevators at a dead run, rmeeting 'Vannah and Cosmo there, Cosmo beating frantically on the elevator UP rbutton. If anything had happened to her.... Noah felt tears starting to sting his reyes as the elevator doors parted and they all piled in. He had to have done rsomething, missed something. If anything happened.... \"Awww, no,\" Cosmo whispered as they stepped out of the elevator a few rmoments later only to see the door to Catherine's room opening as the priest rexited. \"Cath....\" His fault, it was his fault if she was gone. Yelling at rNoah, threatening to.... Sam would never forgive him, he'd never forgive rhimself. Cosmo hung his head. This couldn't be happening. \"She's prepared now,\" Father Murphy said quietly as he approached the rgroup. \"Her transition will be peaceful. Is there anything else that I can do rto help?\" The marshals couldn't say anything, just stared at the old priest for a rmoment before 'Vannah shook her head and they all went rushing into Catherine's rroom. Prepared, he said Catherine was prepared. Did that mean that she rwasn't gone yet? Maybe.... \"Sam?\" Noah whispered as they entered, shock filling his eyes at the rsight of his boss. Sam was holding Catherine's hand, gently stroking her rfingers, seemingly calm but the expression on his face as he looked up at his \"kids\" rone of fear. Fear? Noah didn't think anything could frighten Sam Gerard. \"Sam, it's okay.\" 'Vannah moved to their boss's side, reaching out and rlaying a hand on his shoulder. The machines Catherine was connected to were rstill steadily beeping. Priest or not, that had to mean something. \"What rhappened?\" \"Last rites. He gave her last rites.\" His voice was hoarse, rough, even rto his own ears. Sam closed his eyes for a moment to try to get control rback. No one had told him, why hadn't they told him that Catherine was.... No, rhe wouldn't let her go, wouldn't let her leave him, not if he had to fight revery step of the way to keep the life in her body. \"Kimble's getting ahold of a specialist in New York now to see if there's rsomething else that they can do for her. He's flying in himself, as soon as rhe can get a plane. I told him I'd arrange a Marshal Service plane for him. rAlready made the call.\" Cosmo stared at Catherine for a moment, fear almost rovercoming him as well. His fault, this was his fault. If she.... There had to rbe something, anything that they could do to fix this. Catherine couldn't rdie. \"She's not going anywhere. We aren't going to let her.\" \"And Father Murphy being here doesn't really mean anything,\" Noah said rslowly, not really sure if it did or not but knowing that they needed to get rSam calmed down somehow. \"You know, he delivered a sermon once on sexual sin. rYou would never think an elderly priest would have read the Kama Sutra, would ryou? Only problem was that he was supposed to be conducting a christening at rthe time. Bet he got the room mixed up or something and gave last rites to rthe wrong person. She's going to be fine, Sam. She's going to be fine.\" As rSam bent over Catherine, planting a shaky kiss on her forehead, the marshal team rglanced at each other apprehensively, and hoped that Noah was right.[Chapter 40] June 3, 12:30 am The group sat silently at Catherine's side, eyes all focused on the still rfigure as if they could hold her there somehow by the force of their gaze. rNoah slowly reached out, gently touching her hand. Skin was warm, much warmer rthan it should be in the cool confines of the hospital. Feverish. Damn. rCatherine was really sick. Why did they keep it so cold in there anyway? Didn't rdo much good for the patients if they got hypothermia. He stood, not able to rsit any longer, going over to the bathroom and getting a fresh washcloth for rCatherine's forehead. He handed it to Sam, who took it silently and replaced the rtepid one already on Catherine's head. He handed the warm one back to Noah, rwho nodded and placed it on the towel rack over the sink in the bathroom, to rdry. Then he came back out and stood beside Sam. Sam glanced up at him, a rvulnerable look in his eyes that Noah had never seen before. Without thinking, Noah rreached out and put his hand on Sam's shoulder, squeezing gently, hoping to roffer some sort of comfort. Sam closed his eyes, letting his head drop, as he rsighed softly. Noah felt the broad shoulders slump under his grip, and realized rwith a shock that Sam was letting Catherine go. \"No,\" Noah whispered, and rGerard looked up, into Noah's face. \"Not yet, Sam,\" he added before moving towards rthe door. Don't give up yet.\" He had to do something, he wasn't sure what rhe was going to do yet, but he had to do something to try to make this rsituation right. This was his family. He wasn't letting this happen to his family. \"I'm going to go and check with the nurse, see how in the world Father rMurphy got mixed up this time,\" Noah said with a determined shake of his head. rFather Murphy had to have been mixed up. He wasn't going to accept any other rexplanation for why he had been there. Catherine wasn't going to.... He rclosed his eyes, slumping back against the corridor wall for a moment outside the rroom, suddenly overcome with weariness, memories of Catherine right before rhelp arrived running through his mind. \"Hey!\" He looked up, opening his eyes as he heard a familiar soft patter rcoming down the hall. \"I thought you went home, Cindy, and are you supposed to be up here?\" rNoah asked the young girl as she hurried up to him. Was she supposed to be rhere? Why was he even asking? This kid was never where she was supposed to be. \"Tim and I were going home. Sister called. She got a call from Fred rJohnson's family wondering why Father didn't show up to give him last rites. rSister told us to find him and get him back to the rectory. Have you seen him?\" rThe girl shook her head. \"Sister says that Fred Johnson isn't getting last rrites again until she sees a second, third and forth opinion that he's actually rdying. The anointing oil's getting kind of expensive.\" \"Fred Johnson, is he the one that....\" \"Faked dying twenty-three times in the last two and a half years? That's rhim. Daddy's sueing him over a couple of those faked dying things. I really rdon't think calling for catered last meals and then claiming your recovery is ran act of God that the caterer should give you free food for is believable. rHave you seen Father? Sister was very upset. He picked up her glasses by rmistake and now she can't find her way out of the rectory to hunt for him rherself.\" \"Father Murphy was here for Fred Johnson, not for anyone else? Because rhe just gave my boss....\" Noah was practically grinning now. \"If he had been here for anyone else, then the nurses would have talked rto Sister first. She's the one who organizes everything. Johnsons know better rthan to pull this with her. What happened to your boss? Did you know that rthe superintendent's seeing if he can demand your salary back seeing as you're rreally a US Marshal and not a janitor?\" \"Hey, wasn't like I knew at the time. Good luck on that. If he can pry rit out of those beaurocrats somehow.....\" Noah shook his head slowly before rstarting to talk about Catherine. \"My boss was in the courthouse when it got rhit. She got hurt pretty bad. The doctors really aren't sure how she's going rto do right now and Father Murphy showing up like that.... Kind of scared reverybody to death.\" \"And that is why Sister supervises Father,\" Cindy said with a shake of rher head before reaching out and unexpectedly hugging Noah. \"Hey, your rfriend's going to be okay. And if there's anything we can do....\" \"Just go catch Father Murphy before he comes back, okay? My other boss risn't going to be happy when he finds out about the mixup and I don't think rhitting a priest would look good on his record,\" Noah said with a chuckle as the rgirl nodded, turned and hurried off down the hallway again. He watched for a rmoment before turning and heading back into the room again. Okay, everything rwas going to be okay. They weren't going to lose her.[Chapter 41] June 3, 12:35 am As Noah came back into the room, everyone turned to look at him except -- rSam, who kept his eyes focused on Catherine's still form with a look of total rdespair written all over his face. \"Sam?\" Noah hurried over, putting a hand on the older marshal's rshoulder, pain running through him as well. Something, there had to have been rsomething that he could have done to prevent this. \"Sam, it's okay. Priest made a rmistake. He was here for someone else, not Catherine.\" \"He wasn't....\" Sam looked up at Noah for a moment, a small glimmer of rhope suddenly igniting in his eyes. Then, as if she knew that Sam needed some rsort of sign, Catherine's hand twitched in his grasp, weakly squeezing his rlarge fingers as if to say, 'I'm okay, Sam. I'm not dead.' \"Cath?\" He turned to rher once more, leaning over the bed and pressing a kiss against her warm rforehead. 'Please, please let....' \"He was supposed to be here for Fred Johnson,\" Noah said with a shake of rhis head, glad to see Sam rebounding to his usual self -- well, almost his rusual self. \"You would think that even Father Murphy would have caught on that rsomething was wrong after being called 23 times in two and a half years.\" \"Well, why wasn't he doing his job and giving the Johnson guy last rites rinstead of wandering in here and....\" Cosmo shook his head, the panic of the rlast few minutes slowly fading. Nothing could happen to Catherine, they rcouldn't lose her. If they did, it would be all his fault. \"He accidentally put on Sister's glasses. I'm suprised he actually was rable to see well enough to make it over here.\" Noah looked down at Sam once rmore, relieved to see that look of despair had now totally vanished. That, that rwas something he had never expected to see on Sam's face. Was this what Sam rhad gone through when they thought he was dead? He quickly shoved that rthought away, not wanting to think of his friends in that much pain, as he took a rseat at Catherine's side once more. This was going to be okay. That's all he rwas going to let himself think about. This was going to be okay and they were rgoing to be a family again, just like before. He reached out slowly, gently rtouching the bit of skin on Catherine's cheek not covered with tape, caressing rthe skin of the woman he thought of as his mother. She was going to get rbetter. She had to. Just then, her eyelids slowly twitched, as if in response to Noah's rtouch, her hand moving slightly once more in Sam's grasp. \"Baby?\" Sam whispered as he leaned over her, wanting to be as close as rpossible, wanting to make sure that she would know that he was there. Her eyelids twitched once more and then a third time before they slowly, rslowly slid open. Her eyes had a kind of dazed look in them as she stared up rat the gathered marshals but there was a kind of strength as well as she rlooked slowly at each of them, obviously alert and aware, her other hand grasping, rreaching out for Noah. \"It's okay,\" Noah whispered as he leaned in, laying his hand over hers, rnot really wanting her to move it too much and risk dislodging the monitor or rsomething worse. \"We're all right here. The whole family. Me, Sam, Cos, r'Vannah, and Bobby. No one got lost or anything. You just go back to sleep now. rEverything's going to be fine.\"[Chapter 42] June 3, 12:40 am \"Hey,\" Cosmo paused for a moment as he approached the bed, not really rsure of what to say, what might make up for the damage that he had done, but rknowing that he had to do something. He slowly reached out, ruffling Catherine's rhair just a bit. \"You just rest and get better, okay? I'm going to get rthings fixed up with Noah so you won't have to worry about it when we get you rhome.\" \"And we're going to have a really big party as soon as you're feeling rbetter,\" Bobby added, reaching out and gently touching her hand for a moment, rfeeling kind of awkward as well and not knowing what would be best to do. \"Don't worry,\" 'Vannah leaned down and whispered into Catherine's ear. r\"I'll keep an eye on those two and make sure they behave. We brought you some rstuff from home. As soon as you feel better, I'll help you change, okay? rAnd don't worry, I didn't let Cosmo pick out the clothes.\" \"Hey,\" Cosmo said with a highly offended look as he heard what 'Vannah rwas saying. \"There's nothing wrong with the clothes that.....\" \"Cosmo, I'm surprised that people can find turkeys for Thanksgiving ranymore with the number that died for your wardrobe.\" 'Vannah shook her head rslightly, kind of glad to see Cosmo focused on defending his clothes instead of rfeeling guilty. She was annoyed with him for yelling at Noah, of course, but she ralso knew that the yelling came from the grief and pain they had all went rthrough when they thought that boy had been lost forever. \"Kids,\" Sam looked over at them, a spark, a tiny spark of humor that rcomforted all of them in his eyes now. He turned once more to Catherine, leaning rdown and whispering to her as her eyes started to slip shut once more. r\"That's it, darlin'. You just get some rest right now. Everything's going to be rfine, going to be just fine.\" As she drifted off into a feverish sleep once more, her hand firmly held rin his, Sam turned to 'Vannah. He paused for a moment before speaking. This rwas the last thing that he wanted to do but he knew it needed to be done. r\"Need you to call Catherine's family for me, let them know what happened,\" he rtold her, reluctance apparent in every word. He was going to make sure that rthey knw, it was the right thing to do, but they were not going to hurt Catherine ragain. He wouldn't let them.[Chapter 43] June 3, 12:45 am \"Catherine's family?\" 'Vannah said softly, the entire group looking at rhim in puzzlement. It was clear from the expression on their leader's face rthat this was something he was doing very reluctantly. Come to think of it, had rthey ever heard Catherine talk about her family? \"They don't.... There are some problems.\" Sam gently stroked rCatherine's fingers as he talked. He would notify them but he wasn't letting them hurt rher again, he wasn't letting anyone hurt her. \"You sure you want them called?\" Cosmo asked quietly. They had just rfixed one problem. No need to drag another one in and from how Sammy was rlooking, Catherine's family was going to be a problem and a half. \"Need to know what happened.\" Needed to be given one more chance to fix rthings, even though Sam sincerely doubted they would bother. He fumbled in rhis jacket pocket with his free hand, extracting an address book after a moment. r He handed the book over to 'Vannah. \"Should be in there under Walsh.\" He rclosed his eyes for a moment, not wanting to remember why he had that rinformation, the last time he had talked to those people. \"I'll take care of it,\" 'Vannah whispered quietly as she headed for the rdoor, her heart aching at the sight of the expression suddenly on Sam's face. They sat silently for a bit after she was gone before Sam glanced over at rNoah, sitting on Catherine's other side, gently stroking her hand and cheek. rThe boy looked like he was about to drop, a hint of dark circles under his reyes, a slump to his shoulders as if he was carrying the weight of the world. \"Son, when was the last time you slept?\" Sam asked quietly. \"Ummmmm,\" Noah had to stop and think about that one for a minute. \"Day ror two ago, I think. Vice-principal Dunbar did his \"School's almost over, I'm rsafe from the little deliquents for three months\" dance last night, kind of rhard to sleep through that.\" \"You have a place, right?\" Sam glanced over at the other two marshals rnow. Both Cosmo and Bobby looked exhausted as well, although not nearly as bad ras Noah. \"I live over a garage. I hope you didn't pack much, Cosmo,\" Noah said rwith a glance over at his friend. \"Because I don't think I can fit your rwardrobe in.\" \"Nothing is wrong with my clothes. Why is everyone picking on my rclothes?\" Cosmo muttered as 'Vannah came back in. \"Did you get them?\" Sam asked quietly as he looked up at her. 'Vannah nodded, not really trusting herself to speak. She looked down at rCatherine, not able to believe.... \"They aren't coming.\" she finally said rquietly. \"Got hold of her sister. She said....\" No, no way was she saying rwhat Catherine's sister had told her when she received the news. She didn't reven want to remember it herself. \"They aren't coming.\" she repeated. \"Didn't think they would but....\" Sam looked down at Catherine, gently rraising her hand slightly and kissing the still fingers before speaking again. r\"Why don't you go to Noah's place for a few hours, get some sleep?\" \"No, I....\" Noah didn't want to leave Catherine, not now, especially not rto go back to the place where he had been living. \"Kid, you look like you're about to drop, all of you do.\" Sam said rfirmly. \"Go on and get some rest. I'll call you if there's any change.\" \"But, Sammy...\" Cosmo began, and Vannah nodded. \"Yeah, Sam, what about you? You've been going longer than everyone, rexcept maybe Noah,\" she added. Leaving Catherine now, especially after the rconversation she had just had with her family, that just seemed wrong. \"What they said,\" Noah agreed. \"Knowing Sam, he probably was up all night rbefore the storm, too, going over some case.\" Gerard waved them all off. \"I'm staying here,\" he said firmly. \"Can't rsleep anyway.\" Even if he could sleep, he wouldn't. Dreams of Catherine in that rcoffin.... \"But, Boss,\" Biggs protested, \"you gotta sleep sometime.\" \"I'll sleep next month. Now, git.\" Gerard's expression and tone were runcompromising. They got.[Chapter 44] June 3, 1:25 am \"That step's kind of loose,\" Noah called quietly down the stairs as he rfumbled in his pockets for his keys. When he had first issued the invitation rfor his friends to stay with him, he had just been thinking of how wonderful it rwould be to be with them once more but now that they were actually here.... rWell, it was a little too late to do anything about it. Besides, with the rtornado and all, there might not be a room in a hotel if he couldn't put them up. \"WooOOOPS!\" Cosmo exclaimed, tripping over the step in question. \"Too rlate, kid.\" \"Cos?! You okay?\" Noah spun around and peered through the darkness. \"He's fine, kid,\" Bobby answered, shaking his head as he glanced over at rhis co-worker. \"He's just bein' Cosmo.\" Noah finally found his keys and quickly opened the door, flipping on the rlights as he came in. \"Ummmm....\" What could he say to them? He should have rnever listened to Sam, should have stayed right there at the hospital. Then rhe wouldn't have to explain this. \"Cosmo's got a jacket that matches this couch,\" 'Vannah said with a rchuckle as she ran her eyes around the room. Two battered, threadbare couches, a rold chair with stuffing poking out, a small bookcase, a tiny tv on an old rwooden spool. She hid the pain that she felt, knowing that it would only rembarrass Noah, that the boy'd done the best he could, all alone, and with little to rwork with. \"Cos, you and Bobby will have to take the couch, I guess,\" Noah said as r'Vannah looked over at him, obviously wanting to ask him a question or two rabout how he had been living. \"One of them folds out. 'Vannah, my room's rthrough there. You can have that.\" \"Baby, I'm not taking your bed,\" 'Vannah said quietly as she came over rto Noah's side, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. \"I'll take a rblanket and the floor before I'll do that.\" The boy looked even more exhausted now rthan he had when they were at the hospital, worry filling his eyes and.... rLooked like he could collapse any minute. \"Come on, sweetie. You need to get rsome rest.\" \"Don't think I could sleep,\" Noah murmured. He didn't even want to be rthere, wanted to stay with Sam and Catherine. He promised her that he would rtake care of her. He promised.... He needed to be there with them. He knew rthat rationally there wasn't anything he could do but if there was even a chance rthat his presence could help in some small way. He finally had his family rback and he just wanted to make everything like it was again. Just then, there was a crashing noise, causing the marshals to turn and rjump just as Bobby came out of the other door carrying a plate. \"How do you manage in that kitchen, kid?\" he muttered around a bite of rthe cake that he had found. \"Way too small in there and why do you have part rof a cake saying, 'Go Lu Fr'? And where's the rest of your food?\" \"'Good Luck Fred.' It was for a retirement party. Found out Fred rembezzled 1.2 million two days before his retirement. Needless to say, the party rwas cancelled.\" Noah said with a shake of his head. Leave it to Bobby to head rright for the kitchen. Noah deliberately ignored the rest of Biggs' queries. rHe didn't really want them to know the truth. \"Bobby, behave,\" 'Vannah shook her head at the other marshal before rtaking Noah's arm and starting to firmly lead him towards the bedroom. \"Let's get ryou in bed for a little while, Baby.\" \"I don't think...\" Noah was silent for a moment as they entered the rbedroom. How could he sleep when Catherine was in a hospital bed fighting for her rlife? \"Baby, Catherine would want you to get some rest.\" 'Vannah said quietly. r \"She's going to need all of the help that she can get to get better and you rcan't help her if you let yourself get this exhausted. Just try to rest for rawhile, okay? We'll head back to the hospital in a few hours before Frank gets rthere.\"[Chapter 45] June 3, 1:35 am Sam had been sitting quietly by Catherine for he didn't know how long, rgently stroking her fingers, letting his touch alone reassure her that he was rthere. Once the kids were gone, he really didn't know what to say to her, what rmight help. He closed his eyes for a moment, silently sending up a prayer. rShe had to come through this. If they lost her.... \"Darlin', want me to see what the kids brought for you?\" Sam released rher hand for a momnt as he moved over to one of the bags and opened it. Doing rsomething, if he was doing something then he wouldn't have to worry, wouldn't rhave to think about what would happen if he lost her. \"Hope Cosmo didn't try rsneaking something in here when 'Vannah's back was turned.\" Suddenly, he felt something soft, something painfully familiar and a rmoment later he pulled out the little, blue blanket. He felt a painful tearing at rhis eyes that he fought back fiercely as he held that little thing, rremembering the dream, remembering.... \"Patrick's blanket,\" he whispered as he gently raised her other hand a rbit, tucking the blanket under her fingers. He wasn't sure if giving it to her rwas a good idea or not, if the reminder of her son might make her decide to rgo on, to be with the baby. He blinked, forcing back tears. Maybe it was rselfish knowing what losing that baby had done to Catherine but he couldn't let rher go, not even to be with their son finally. He needed her with him too much. \"I know how much you miss that little boy, darlin',\" he whispered softly ras he lifted her hand slightly and kissed her fingers. \"but...\" He paused, rhesitant. Sam Gerard was never one to show weakness, but.... \"I need you, rCatherine. Our baby has the angels to look after him. I need you to stay here rwith me.\" He closed his eyes for a moment once more, the stress and pain washing rover him like a tidalwave, almost too much. Finally, he slowly opened his eyes, rgently kissing Catherine's fingers once more before heading to the bathroom, rwetting another washcloth, and gently applying it to her forehead once more. He reached into the bags once more, finally finding a bottle of lotion. rHe held it in his hands for a moment, letting it warm a bit before squeezing rsome out and starting to gently rub it onto her hands. \"That feel better? I'm rgoing to take good care of you, Catherine, I promise I am. You just hang in rthere for me.\"[Chapter 46] June 3, 1:55 am \"Is the kid asleep?\" Cosmo asked quietly as 'Vannah slowly came out of rthe bedroom. \"Either asleep finally or doing a better job of faking than I thought he rwas capable of,\" 'Vannah said as she dropped down onto the other couch, the rone that Cosmo and Bobby hadn't folded out yet. Now that Noah was tended to, rsafe and.... Tears started to sting her eyes. She still couldn't quite rbelieve that he was there, that they had recieved this miracle. \"How is he?\" Cosmo asked as he sat down next to 'Vannah, a slight tremor rof pain in his voice. How could he have treated Noah the way that he did, ralmost hit him? \"Worried about Catherine, worried about Sam.\" 'Vannah felt a tear slowly rrolling down her cheek now. She tried to fight it back, but others were on rthe way. \"He has scars. Don't think he realized that I saw them, big, ugly rones on his chest.\" Cosmo closed his eyes for a moment. He hadn't really let himself think rabout the shooting, about the seriousness of the injuries that they knew Noah rwould have had to have suffered. A new wave of guilt washed over him. They rshould have done something, insisted on seeing Noah one last time or.... Sam rhad been so torn up though, wracked with guilt, guilt that they had all felt to rsome degree. Noah had been the youngest, the kid that they loved and losing rhim.... No one had wanted to see that boy cold and still in a coffin but.... rThey should have looked! No matter how much it would have hurt, they should rhave looked! Then none of this would have ever happened. \"I don't know why the kid doesn't have more stuff,\" Bobby said , rpuzzled, as he finished prowling around the room and dropped down onto the folded-out rcouch, causing it to creak. \"He's been here three years, you would think.... r Hell, I had more stuff in my place when I'd been there three months.\" \"The bills, Bobby. He said he's been trying to pay off the bills from rthe hospital,\" 'Vannah said quietly. None of them had seen the injuries Noah rsustained in the shooting, Sam had never talked about it, but from the little rthat they knew, the medical treatment that would have been needed to save the rboy would have been astronomical. \"Yeah, but.... Kid just had this cake in the fridge and a loaf of bread. r Couple of packs of noodles and some macaroni in the drawers.\" Bobby rcontinued. \"That was it. Surely.... Where's the rest of his food?\" \"I think that might be all of his food.\" Cosmo said quietly, his head rhanging lower with each word. \"The kid's been living at the poverty level. Or rbelow.\" The others looked stricken. \"How are we gonna tell Sammy?\" Biggs asked, stunned. Noah had been going rwithout food? How.... \"We don't,\" Cosmo said firmly. \"Not yet. He can't deal with guilt from rthat, AND Catherine, right now.\" Biggs and Cooper nodded agreement. The mental rstate Sam was in, no way could he handle any more bad news. They didn't know how, but they were going to fix this situation somehow. rNoah had suffered long enough. The US Marshals had arrived. And they were rgoing to take care of him.[Chapter 47] There is a character in this part, Jane, who was introduced in a story of a friend. She's Cosmo's cousin and was dating Noah before the poor boy ended up as a janitor. Email JLDDC@aol.com and ask about the story Line of Drive if you want to know more. June 3, 2:15 am The plane was silent, too silent, the woman decided. Cosmo's cousin Jane slumped back in her seat and shook her head slightly, trying to chase any thoughts of death, no matter how small, out of her mind. Second time in three years, how could the marshals be facing this for the second time in three years? She felt her jaw tense at the unfairness of it all. Jane had been shocked when Cosmo had called her with the news of rCatherine's injuries, and of course her first thought had been to get to him and the others; to be there to offer support to her cousin and his friends. Fortunately, Deputy Frank Henry had been able to arrange a USMS flight for her out of Minneapolis to Chicago where she could connect with him and Dr. Richard Kimble on the trip to New York. \"...and I just thought you'd wanna know,\" Frank had said on the phone, moving rrapidly through the office as he talked, automatically making the rarrangements that Cosmo had requested. \"Oh, my God. Thanks, Frank,\" Jane had said, shocked at the news. \"I want to rbe there...How'm I gonna get there?\" Frank nodded, even though he knew Jane couldn't see it. \"I figured you would. rCan you be at the airport in twenty? I arranged for a Marshals plane to pick ryou up and get you here to me. You can go to New York with us.\" \"Yeah,\" Jane said absently, already searching for a bag to tumble clothing rinto. \"Who's 'us'?\" \"Doctor Richard Kimble and me.\" \"Kimble?!\" Jane repeated, shocked. \"You guys know some important folks.\" \"Well...\" Frank answered, unwilling to bring back the old case, when he knew rKimble had worked hard to live down the memories. \"Perks of the job and all.\" \"Yeah,\" Jane replied, tumbling clothing into the bag she'd retrieved, without rmuch thought. \"I guess so. Hey, lemme let you go; I'll be at the airport in rten.\" \"The plane'll be ready for you,\" Frank had promised. And it was. She shook her head slowly again, glancing down at her bag. She didn't even rwant to think of what she would find in there to wear. She hadn't paid much rattention when she was tossing things in earlier. 'Well, that don't matter much. I'll just scare up some scrubs when we get there,' she thought. She glanced up at the two men next to her; a vascular surgeon, Kimble was poring over a stack of faxed rpapers and making notes, while Deputy Henry sat across from them silent, and with an expression on his face rthat Jane couldn't quite identify. \"How does it look?\" Jane asked Kimble quietly, and Frank immediately rglanced up to listen. She hated to think of Catherine, so severely injured. In rthe aftermath of Noah's shooting, Catherine had been so helpful, arranging to rfly Jane in to support Cosmo and the others, and giving her a chance to say goodbye to Noah. She rfelt tears sting slightly at her eyes as she recalled the young marshal rthat she had been dating until his tragic death. Even now, years later, the rpain still popped up, unbelievably fresh. Like it had only been yesterday. \"Not good but....\" Richard glanced down at the papers once more, as rFrank winced. He had been surprised to receive the call from the marshals and rthen to learn the circumstances. Memories of his wife, of losing her.... r\"She's hanging on, though. That's the important thing right now. She's still rtrying to fight.\" \"Catherine's a strong lady.\" Jane murmured, silently willing the plane rto go faster. She had liked Catherine from their first meeting and now, rthinking of her in a hospital bed fighting for her life.... r The chiropractic physician looked intently at her surgical colleague. \"What can we do to help rher?\" \"I've got an ICU specialist flying in, too, like we are,\" Kimble said slowly, his rmind running over the situation for what felt like the millionth time as they rtalked. \"The most important thing right now is getting that infection under rcontrol. If we don't do that, and fast, we could lose her.\"[Chapter 48] June 3, 3:20 am Sam was almost in a light doze, the fingers of one hand gently stroking rCatherine's, the slight pressure of her fingers in his grasp offering a sort of rcomfort to him. The fingers of his other hand tangled themselves raffectionately in her hair. If she was still holding on, there was hope, a chance to rsave her. He wasn't going to let her go, not now, not when they had a chance to rfinally have all of the things that they had lost once more. \"I promise when you get better,\" he whispered, leaning down and pressing ra gentle kiss against Catherine's forehead. He hesitated slightly before rcontinuing to speak. The thought of what he was about to say still frightened rhim, frightened him in a way he never thought he could feel. If it would please rCatherine though.... \"If you want to try again, sweetheart, we will. rWhatever you want. You just get better for me.\" His hand reached out, gently feeling her forehead before going into the rbathroom once more and getting a fresh wet washcloth. He gently pressed it ragainst her forehead, smiling slightly when he saw her lips twitch as if she were rtrying to smile herself. \"That better, darlin'?\" he murmured, pleased, as he leaned down and rkissed her again. He reached out, gently brushing a few strands of hair off of rher forehead, absently noting the dust in her hair as he touched it. Dust and rblood. He closed his eyes for a moment before, not wanting to think about that rblood, before moving to the bags that the kids had brought. \"Want me to see if there's something we can do about your hair? Know how ryou always hated to have it messed up,\" he whispered as he finally located rthe antique silver plated brush that he had seen Catherine use so many times rbefore. He drew the chair closer to the head of the bed, reaching over and rstarting to run the brush through her hair, one strand at a time, slowly working rthe dirt out, cleaning her up as best he could. He felt the silken strands rslip through his fingers despite the blood and grime, secretly reveling in the rfeel. 'I always did love this,' he thought to himself, remembering sensuous rsummer nights when he had brushed long flaxen locks on a beautiful young marshal. r\"Remember this?\" he asked softly, and was rewarded with that almost-smile ragain. \"I do, too. I'll do it every night from now on, I swear.\" He kept brushing, gradually making the short hair presentable again, rcareful to work around the various bumps and lacerations. He wished she'd grow rher hair back out. He had loved it long, protested vehemently when she'd cut it. rBut she had, logically, pointed out two things: one, the style was easier to rmanage for a woman in her job, and two, he no longer had a right to protest. rWell, maybe now he'd have the right to ask her to grow it out again. \"That feel better?\" he said when he finished, taking her hand in his ronce more as soon as he had the brush back in the bag. Her fingers tightened raround his, but he knew instantly that something wasn't right. Instead of the rlight, reassuring touch, her fingers squeezed his in a shaky grasp, before rstarting to tremble uncontrollably. \"Catherine?\" No, this couldn't.... He shot a look at the monitors, rafraid of what he would see. Heartrate was up, even his inexperienced eyes could rtell that, other readings.... He leaned over her, pressing a kiss against her rforehead. Hot, her skin was so hot. \"Catherine?\" Her eyes flickered open rfor a moment, but that did nothing to reassure him. They were glazed, staring rat him as if she wasn't even seeing him anymore before slipping shut again. Sam turned as he heard footsteps at the door. \"Get a doctor in here rnow!\" he demanded as soon as he saw the nurse, his tone one that put fear into rthe hearts of fugitives everywhere. No, this was not going to be the way things rended. He wasn't going to let Catherine go.[Chapter 49] June 3, 3:40 am Cosmo lay balanced, barely hanging onto to his side of the bed as Bobby rtossed about, taking up pretty much all of the space. He shot a glance over at r'Vannah on the other couch, wondering if she might be willing to swap with rhim. No way was he going to get any sleep like this. \"'Vannah....\" he started to call quietly, not wanting to disturb Noah, rwhen suddenly he heard the faint ringing of his cell phone. He fumbled for it, his eyes closing for a minute as he finally found it. r'Please be Frank at the airport. Don't let it be....' He finally forced rhimself to speak. \"Renfro.\" \"You need to get back over here,\" Sam said, his tone something that rCosmo had never heard before in all of the years that he had known Sam, a mix of rdespair and hopelessness. \"Sammy, what happened?\" Cosmo said, sitting up and fumbling for his rshoes as he talked motioning for the others to get up as well. He waved with one rhand to keep 'Vannah from going into Noah's room. Best to let the kid sleep ras long as they could. \"They don't know what's wrong,\" Sam said slowly, glancing back towards rCatherine's room,where the doctors frantically worked, as he talked. He hadn't wanted to leave her side but at the same time he knew that she would want them there, Noah especially, if.... No, this couldn't be how things ended. Not after.... They were going to be together, be happy. This couldn't.... \"Get down here now.\" The phone slipped rfrom his fingers as he headed back towards Catherine's room. He was going to be rthere for her no matter what happened. \"Cosmo, what's going on?\" 'Vannah asked quietly,sitting up in bed, her eyes wide at the sight of the horrified expression on Cosmo's face. \"Sam didn't say exactly, but Catherine's worse.\" Cosmo shook his head, a rpainful stinging in his eyes that he had to fight back. If anything happened rto that lady.... His fault, all his fault. \"How bad is she?\" A voice caused the marshals to turn and find Noah rstanding in the doorway, fully dressed, pale as a ghost, hazel eyes haunted, and looking as if he hadn't slept at all. \"Baby.\" 'Vannah whispered as she hurried over to him, putting a rcomforting hand on his shoulder. Noah glanced at her numbly, but otherwise showed no sign of acknowledging the contact. \"Kimble's going to be here soon, kid. It's going to be okay,\" Bobby rsaid quietly as he moved over to Noah's other side. He didn't know if it would rbe okay, none of them did, but seeing Noah like that, in so much pain.... If rthey could somehow spare him for a few minutes, they would do anything. They had just got the boy back and to see him hurting so badly.... \"Let's just get over there and see about her,\" Cosmo said quietly. rMaybe, maybe that would make some sort of difference.[Chapter 50] June 3, 4:00 am The group of marshals silently entered the hospital once more and headed rfor the elevator. Noah closed his eyes as Cosmo angrily hit the up button. rNoah didn't feel 'Vannah's comforting touch on his shoulder, didn't feel ranything except.... His mind automatically flashed back to the basement, to holding rCatherine and trying to comfort her. There had to have been something, rsomething that he missed somehow. His eyes began to sting. If anything happened rto Catherine, it was his fault. He had never really had a mama before, hadn't rreally thought that it mattered but.... It felt good, being part of a family. r It couldn't end this way, it couldn't. He wouldn't let it. Cosmo led the group off of the elevator, heading back towards Catherine's rroom, all senses alert, taking in every detail. He closed his eyes briefly ras he noticed the look of sympathy that the nurse at the desk was giving them. rWere they too late? No, no, no. If Catherine died, it was his fault. How rcould he have done what he did, yelling, upsetting her? Even with runderstandable doubts, anyone with half a brain would know better than to start a fight next to someone's sickbed! If they lost her, if Sam lost her.... \"Sam?\" Noah said quietly when he spotted the figure of their leader rslumped against the wall across from Catherine's room, staring through the door at rwhat was going on within with an expression of total hopelessness. \"Sammy, what's going on?\" Cosmo asked quietly as they approached, having rto hug the wall to keep out of the way of the rushing medical personnel. \"Brushed her hair for her,\" Sam whispered, a kind of numb, disbelieving rtone in his voice. \"She hated having it messed up.\" The last thing he had rdone for her was to brush her hair. He closed his eyes for a moment. She had rknown what he was doing, he was sure of that. That brought a tiny bit of rcomfort. She knew he had been there, caring for her. \"Dad, let's get out of the way here, okay?\" Noah said gently, taking rSam's arm. He glanced over into Catherine's room as he talked. Couldn't even rsee her with all of the people swarming around her, frantically working. rWatching that couldn't be good for Sam. He reached out, hugging the older marshal rclose, slightly surprised that he didn't resist the embrace. Noah silently rsent up a frantic prayer. 'Please let her be okay!' \"'Dad'?!?\" Bobby murmured, staring at Noah and Sam in shock. \"Aw, ain't rthat sweet!\" \"Shut up, Biggs.\" 'Vannah whispered, as Cosmo glared. They had enough rto worry about without Bobby's wisecracks. What in the world was happening to rCatherine? Just then, they heard more footsteps coming down the hall, not the steps rof the medical personnel but more familiar. \"Aw, no,\" Frank Henry muttered as he saw the group huddled together routside of the room. They had rushed right to the hospital from the airport rbut.... Too late, were they too late? They couldn't be. Kimble had ideas, plenty rof them, about how to help Catherine. They couldn't be too late! \"Cosmo?\" rhe called. \"What happened?\" Richard Kimble finished for him, moving past Frank to rthe group by the door. If there was any chance that Catherine was still rsavable, speed was critical. \"We don't know,\" Cosmo said with a shake of his head and a concerned rglance over at Sam's blank face before turning to look into Catherine's room. r\"We just got here. Could you....\" \"I'll see what I can do,\" Kimble said , sizing up their situation in a rglance as he turned and hurried into the hospital room. As a vascular surgeon, rwhat he could do in a situation like this was limited, but he was damned well rgoing to try. Jane slowly approached the huddled marshals as Kimble moved away, knowing rthe best thing for her to do at the moment was to comfort her cousin and his rfriends. She closed her eyes for a second, then opened them again. Way, way rtoo close to what happened with Noah. \"C...\" She started to call her rcousin's name when she suddenly noticed something, the man standing with Sam, rembracing him. \"N.... Noah?\" she squeaked, her voice high with shock. What in the rworld was going on?[Chapter 51] June 3, 4:10 am A nurse appeared at Kimble's side almost as soon as he entered the room. r\"I'm sorry, Sir, but you're going to have to....\" \"Dr. Richard Kimble,\" he said, glancing over at the bed. reassured that rhe could still hear the bleeping of the heart monitor. Not as bad as he had rfeared, it wasn't as bad as he had feared. When he looked down at Catherine rthough.... The small body was trembling uncontrolably as the medical staff rworked frantically around her. \"The Marshals called me in. What happened?\" The doctor at Catherine's side glanced over at Kimble, surprise in his rface at the sight of the doctor, recalling what he had heard about Kimble. His reyes widened even more as he suddenly placed the marshal as well. Why was rKimble here for his wife? \"We're friends.\" Kimble said simply, guessing what the doctor was rthinking. \"I'm...their doctor.\" He moved to Catherine's side as he talked, rautomatically reaching out and taking her hand. Memories of his wife came rushing rback, unbidden. He thought about Gerard, of the desolation in his face in the rhallway earlier, of the smile that always appeared on Sam's face whenever he rsaw Catherine -- the same smile he'd recognized from his own face whenever he rsaw his wife. No, he wasn't going to let that happen again, not if he could do rsomething about it. \"What happened?\" \"Fever spiked about thirty minutes ago and she started seizing,\" the rdoctor said, talking as he worked. He slowly injected another drug into the IV rport, carefully watching Catherine for any sign of change with one eye while rkeeping an eye on the monitors with the other. Heart rate was way too fast. If rthis went on for much longer, they were going to lose her. \"The fever or....\" Kimble asked meaningfully as he gently stroked rCatherine's fingers. He couldn't do anything medically for her but maybe, just rmaybe, having someone there focusing on comforting her would help. \"Likely the fever but....\" The doctor relaxed slightly when he saw the rtremors starting to slow, Catherine's heartbeat becoming a bit more steady. r\"Up the dosage a bit. I want her fully under for now.\" He motioned to a nurse rto get a cooling blanket over Catherine as he turned to Kimble. \"Ice bath, if rthat doesn't work,\" he added to the nurse before turning his attention back rto Kimble. \"She had a head injury, though. It's possible that there could be ra brain bleed going on. We need to get her stabilized as soon as possible so rwe can figure out what in the world we're dealing with here.\" Although it rwasn't spoken, Kimble could sense what else the doctor was saying. They were rafraid that there was no hope for saving Catherine.[Chapter 52] June 3rd 4:10 am \"What....\" Jane's eyes widened as she stared at Noah in shock. This rcouldn't be, wasn't possible. She had been at the funeral, had seen Noah buried. r She closed her eyes for a moment knowing that he would be gone when she ropened them. Tears burned as the pain, the loss, came rushing back anew. She rstill couldn't believe that Noah was gone, even after three years. \"Jane? Sweetie?\" Cosmo said as he approached his cousin, a worried rexpression on his face as he took in the situation, his cousin slightly swaying, rher eyes closed. 'Oh, this is not good.' He reached out, putting what he rhoped was a steadying hand on her arm. \"What did you put in those cigars you sent last month?\" Jane demanded rtiredly as her eyes opened once more in response to Cosmo's touch. 'It had to rbe the...' She looked over once more. 'No... He was still there, Noah with rhis arms around Sam and the strangest expression on his face, like he was torn rabout something.' She looked around the hallway frantically. 'Where was Richard?' \"Psych referral,\" she murmured under her breath. \"I need a psych rreferral....\" \"Jane,\" Noah whispered, arms aching to go to her, to hold her and rreassure her that he was real, that everything was okay. It had been so long. Sam rthough.... The pain and tension that he could feel in the older marshal's rbody, no way could Noah leave him like that. He gently rubbed Sam's back, rholding him close against him. \"It's going to be okay, it's all going to be okay.,\" rhe told him quietly. \"Let's go in the waiting room, okay? Kimble's going to rtake good care of her.\" \"Bobby, help the kid,\" Cosmo said quietly as he motioned for 'Vannah to rjoin him. He reached out and gently took his cousin's arm, leading her off to ra vacant room with 'Vannah and Frank following. \"Cosmo, what.... Who is that?\" Jane whispered as the marshals sat her rdown, a tear slipping down her cheek now as memories of Noah came rushing rback, from their first meeting when she was wandering all over Chicago with a rconcussion to that last painful time in New York City. \"It can't be....\" \"It's Noah,\" Cosmo said as gently as possible. 'Don't let her faint. rJust don't let her faint.' They had had way too much of that already that day. r He reached out, pulling Jane to him. \"I don't know how it happened but rthat's Noah, really Noah. The kid's fine.\"[Chapter 53] June 3, 4:25 am Sam allowed Noah and Bobby to lead him into the waiting room, his mind mercifully blank as Noah guided him into a chair. He didn't want to think, didn't want to feel. How could Catherine.... \"Sam, it's going to be okay,\" Noah said gently, wrapping an arm around the other marshal. His eyes widened when the older marshal didn't react to the embrace at all, didn't even seem to feel it. He fought back a wave of despair. They would lose both of them if.... No. \"She's going to be okay, Sam. She's going to be okay. That lady held on for two hours down in that basement. She's not going to give up now. She's not going to.\" Sam closed his eyes, leaning slightly against Noah. He wanted to believe what the kid was saying, wanted to believe that he wasn't going to lose Catherine but.... \"Sammy, what happened?\" Bobby asked, a worried look on his face as he observed how the older marshal was responding. Bobby had been shocked that they had been able to budge Sam from the door to Catherine's room but he had let Noah lead him away like he was a lost child. That, that just wasn't normal. \"Brushed her hair,\" Sam said quietly, the memory of his fingers running through those soft strands playing once more in his mind. He had made her happy, if he lost her at least he knew that he had made her happy before.... He closed his eyes again, fighting back the stinging of his eyes as he thought of it. This.... What would he do without her? \"It's okay, Dad, I promise it's going to be okay,\" Noah murmured. \"Kimble's in there. He's going to take care of things. He's good, really good, remember? Mom's going to be fine.\" \"She started shaking,\" Sam murmured, as if he didn't even hear what Noah was trying to say. \"She started shaking and the way she looked.... I don't think she even knew that I was there.\" His shoulders slumped once more. Had Catherine thought that she was alone, that he had abandoned her, in those last frightening moments? \"Seizures?\" Noah murmured, his mind swiftly running over the idea. If Catherine was having seizures.... \"Wait a minute. The fever. Dad, it's okay. I promise it's okay. Her temperature must have spiked and caused the seizures.\" He shook his head slightly as he recalled his experience with just that situation. \"Happened one time at the school.\" Noah cringed remembering it. \"The kid was fine. Chemistry lab wasn't fine after the explosion but the kid was. Mom's going to be fine too. They've just got to get her temperature down, is all.\" Sam looked at Noah, a slight bit of hope flickering in his eyes for a moment before the memory of Catherine staring at him, not seeing him, overpowered it. His shoulders slumped once more, his face going completely blank. \"Dad,\" There had to be something, anything, that Noah could say to Sam to get through to him. He couldn't stand to see him suffering like this. As he started to speak, though, he heard approaching footsteps and looked up to see Cosmo coming in, his arms wrapped around his cousin. Sam could feel the change in Noah immediately, the tension suddenly filling the younger man's body. He opened his eyes, looking into Noah's face, not really knowing what was causing that torn expression. Then he looked across the room and spotted Cosmo's cousin. \"Go on, Son.\" Sam said quietly, \"She needs you now.\" He wasn't going to let Noah make the mistakes that he did, wasn't going to let him lose what was slipping away from him. I'm sorry to say that it doesn't look like I'll be finishing this story. I was a member of an email list for Tommy Lee Jones fans and that's where I started writing this story and my other US Marshal's fiction. One of the list members that I was really close to left recently and isn't speaking to me anymore. This really hurt me and my heart just isn't in writing anymore. I miss you, Carlie. Chanda Brokenhearted ","Summary":" June 2nd 2:00 pm Catherine Walsh paced impatiently outside of the courtroom in the little rtown of "}]