[{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"It Would Be Beautiful","Author":"Evita the Akita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4186636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Veni Scripsi Vici VeninScripsi Vici NOTES :nI'm back! Sorry for my lack of updating due to my idiot computer.nI've been busy writing away over spring break and I've got somengood stuff coming up! This particular piece is a poem about/inspirednby The Talented Mr.nRipley. It takesnplace after the end of the movie. Yes, Peter dies. I don't do AU.nPlease review! ItnWould Be Beautiful Hensees small clouds, trying to hide the stars. Likenhe hides everything. Henfeels the gentle rocking of the ferry. rocking, rocking, rockingnthem all to sleep. Henhears the water lapping against the ferry's side. Quietnsplashing. Nearlynspeaking. Hensmells the salt in the air. It'snalmost comforting. Almost. Hentastes the salt now, but now, it isn't from the ocean. Saltnfrom blue eyes. Tonanyone else, it would be beautiful. Gorgeous. Notnfor the murderer. Notnfor the cloud. Hendoesn't see it. Allnhe sees are empty green eyes. ","Summary":" Veni Scripsi Vici VeninScripsi Vici NOTES :nI'm back! Sorry for my lack of updating due to my idiot"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Érték","Author":"Bacard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6918381","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kategória: Gen, UST, Krimi, Drabble Terjedelem: 100 szó címestül Szerzői jogok: Tom Ripley karakteréért Patricia Highsmith-nek kell hálásnak lennünk, míg a Tom-Dickie kapcsolat filmbeli árnyalataiért tisztán Anthony Minghella a felelős. Én egy pár köteten és DVD-n kívül semmit sem birtoklok, és mindez számomra semmilyen anyagi hasznot sem hajt. Megjegyzések: - Van az LJ-meme, amelyben össze kell kötni a felhasználó-képeinket egy történettel. Én megpróbáltam, aztán rácsodálkoztam a közepére, aztán újraírtam, és ez lett a végeredmény. - Az én saját kis fejemben ez egy crossover a harmadik Ripley-kötet (\"Ripley és a Maffiózók\"/\"Ripley's Game\"), és az első Ripley kötetből készült (ismertebbik) film között. Érték Viszonylag gyakran gondolt Dickie-re. Már csak anyagi értelemben is kénytelen volt néha foglalkozni a gondolattal, hogy… Nem, nem azzal, hogy \"Mi lett volna, ha…\" az ilyesfajta töprengés soha nem szolgál tényleges hasznot, sokkal inkább azzal, hogy \"Minek kellett volna történnie ahhoz, hogy…\". Ami persze nem volt igazi megbánás. Szép emlékei is voltak arról a nyárról: zene és tenger és napfény és éjszakák. A barátság illúziója az összesimuló vállaikban. Dickie forró tenyere a vállán, Dickie félhomályban kirajzolódó arcéle, és Dickie figyelme, ami még mindig egyfajta etalonként, mértékegységként szolgált… ugyanúgy, mint Dickie halála. Mert azóta minden gyilkosságot valahol Dickie megöléséhez mért. ","Summary":" Kategória: Gen, UST, Krimi, Drabble Terjedelem: 100 szó címestül Szerzői jogok: Tom Ripley karakter"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"The talented mr Ripley","Author":"lisabruijnincx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12792808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ' You are Thomas Reepley?' the captain of police asked, with no more interest than if Tom had been a dog that had been lost and was now found. 'May I see your passport?' Tom handed it to him. 'I don't know what the trouble is, but when I saw in the papers that I am believing missing –'. The policeman stared blankly at him. 'What happens now?' The man called to Rome and told him that a representative of the Rome police would be in Venice that evening after eight o'clock to speak to him. 'Thank you.' Tom spent the rest of his day in his hotel room. He was nervous. He looked like Tom Reepley again, no trace of the man he pretended to be for a few months. Richard Greenleaf was gone. He was worried that the police would recognize him. Maybe they already knew that he killed Richard Greenleaf that day in San Remo. At eight-thirty that evening his phone rang and the switchboard operator announced that Tenente Roverini was downstairs. Toms heart dropped, it was the police officer he had talked to in Rome. Would he recognize him? 'Would you have him come up, please?' Tom said with an unsteady voice. His hands were sweaty. He washed them so the man wouldn't feel it when he shook his hand. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door. Tom took a deep breath and opened the door. 'Buona sera,' Tom said with the iconic shy smile of Tom Reepley on his face. 'Buona sera, signor Reepley.' Roverini smiled. His face showed no suspicion and Tom relaxed a little bit. Behind Roverini was another police officer, Tom didn't know him. He let them in, closed the door and enjoyed the cold metal of the door handle against his glowing hands for a second. They took place in the sitting room. 'Can I see your passport, Tom?' Roverini asked. 'Of course.' Tom handed him his passport and did his best to have the same tense expression on his face as he had on the photo. The officer studied him intensely, smiled and gave him his passport back. 'We have made quite some effort to find you, signor Reepley. Where have you been?' Like always, Tom was prepared to answer any question. 'I have been traveling around the country with a car I bought. I haven't really followed the news, so I had no idea I was missing.' 'We checked the hotels in every big city in the country and couldn't find your name anywhere.' Tom gave Roverini a shy smile and said: 'I have been sleeping in my car mostly. You know, Italy is quite expensive.' Tom wore his oldest clothes, so it was easy to see that he didn't have loads of money to spend. He started to relax a little more. The conversation went well. He could easily answer all the questions Roverini asked. He offered the police officers something to drink, but they declined. 'So you haven't heard from signor Greenleaf since he left for Sicily? We think he might have murdered his friend Freddie Miles, but he disappeared when we wanted to talk to him after his trip.' Tom acted like he was thinking about it. 'Freddie and Richard were not very close and Freddie had Richard nothing to offer. I don't think there would be a reason to kill him,' he said. Roverini frowned, Tom raised his eyebrows. 'Maybe Richard was afraid Freddie Miles would see that he wasn't who he said he were?' Toms heart turned into ice. 'I don't understand.' He did his best to look calm but he felt the cold sweat running on his back. 'Thomas Reepley, do you really think we are this stupid?' Tom kept his mouth shut, but exploded on the inside. 'I have to admit that I'm quite impressed by your actions. It takes a genius mind to think all the details out like that. But you underestimated the girl from Mongibello.' Tom sighted and whispered: 'Marge.' Roverini smiled. 'An intelligent young lady. When you told her that Richard Greenleaf was at the police station, she immediately called. Of course, he wasn't there. She then watched you leave in a hurry for Sicily, when you were supposed to meet her for a drink. We figured the rest out.' Tom felt defeated and actually he really was. Roverini had cuffed him and took him outside. The entire village watched him as he was pushed in the police car. Thomas Reepley got charged with first degree murder and identity theft. He spent the rest of his life in the Italian prison. ","Summary":" ' You are Thomas Reepley?' the captain of police asked, with no more interest than if Tom had been "},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Morning in Venice","Author":"Words of Heresy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9337769","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Found this in storage, don't know why I never posted it before; but here it is three years later lol. Enjoy! Contrary to popular belief Venice was surprisingly quite on this particular morning in early June. Though perhaps, thought Tom as he indulged in his espresso, the rush was still too come along with the sweltering heat of mid-morning weather. He smiled, lowered his empty cup on to the saucer and felt a shiver run pleasantly along his spine. The morning breeze was crispy and pleasant against his skin. Allowing him self to lean back in the chair Tom briefly glanced at his partner across the intimately spaced coffee table. As if drawn by his lover's gaze Peter lowered his morning paper in order to return the silent affection. By unspoken agreement they reached out and clasped hands under the table. Linked together and resting on Peter's thigh, Tom began to draw firm circles with his thumb, gazing fondly into his partner's rapidly expanding pupils. Funny he thinks what effect I have on this man that I have come to love; love more then anything, love even more then… \"Tom?\" The blonde startled at the familiar voice, jumping so hard his chair would have certainly tipped over had Peter not launched forward to pull him back. No he thinks, no it couldn't be him. It couldn't. But the voice, it was his. It was the voice Tom had used countless times while in bed, whispering caresses and promises with his eyes firmly shut and right hand frantically working under the covers. He needed that voice. Needed the man. Dickie. But the man was gone. The voice was gone. The scent was gone. Even the blasted saxophone that had been the catalyst for many a disagreement was now nothing but a prop in a pawn store. \"Tom!\" Then there was Peter's voice and he could breathe again; safe in the knowledge that he was loved. Perhaps even for the first time. Peter never judged, he respected his privacy and never pried too far into the whole Dickie fiasco. They were in love before they even had a chance to really get to know each other. Though Peter continuously insisted he fell in love at first sight, Tom was more reserved with his feelings; justly fearful of being hurt again. It didn't stop his longing for the dark stranger with the gentle eyes. The same eyes that were now jumping around in worry, darting between his face and the owner of the haunting voice. Tom was happy to note he was looking well enough, though perhaps a little bit paler then on their last encounter. Then again considering that was over a year ago the blonde barely took note of it. He still looked fit and ruggedly handsome with his sandy hair tossed all over the place atop the head that held two precious azure jewels; jewels that were currently narrowed in anger. \"What the hell Tom? You've been here all along? I told you to wait for me in our flat in San Romeo.\" Unable to say a word and still regarding the blonde like one might a ghost, Tom chose to remain silent; while Peter having recognized the intruder jumped from his seat and rushed to examine him better. \"By god if it isn't Dick Greenleaf! We thought you were dead man!\" \"Peter,\" Dickie acknowledged coldly, shrugging of the hand that had landed on his shoulder. \"I heard you've been living with Tom at his place, helping to renovate, or at least that's what the people say.\" Peter looked a bit miffed but answered promptly. \"Yes we have indeed found it more convenient if I reside with him during the course of the renovations...\" \"Is that all Tom?\" Dickie spoke over Peter, taking another step forward so that the only thing left separating the two was a small metal table. Tom having regained some of his equilibrium, dropped his gaze and shifted uncomfortably in the seat. Trying to spare his lover some dignity Peter chose to answer first. \"But of course Dickie, why else would…\" Ignoring the brunette, Dickie shouted, \"You were suppose to wait for me god damn it, not sidle up to a new boy toy less than a year…\" \"It's been more than a year,\" Tom whispered but Dickie having been shouting failed to hear him clearly. \"What?\" \"I said it's been more than a year Dickie,\" Tom screamed at his ex, leaping up and tossing his chair to the side with one angry hand gesture. \"You left don't you get it? You left me to \"figure things out\" aka \"go of gallivanting with your whores\" while I waited patiently in that damn apartment of yours, for instruction that you didn't even have the decency to give me over the phone. Instead you sent telegraphs that meant nothing to me, that left me feeling just as empty after I read then; just as alone and miserable as I had been since the day you walked out that door. I couldn't wait for you Dickie, don't you get it? It was killing me!\" Dickie looked startled by the outburst but recovered quickly, unfortunately not as quickly as Peter who glanced between the two men repeatedly before facing his lover and saying softly, \"Is it true? Were you two…together?\" Tom rushed around the table to comfort his partner, \"Peter I…\" but he was cut short by Dickie's sudden move to grab him around the waist and spin him around, pressing Tom's back firmly against the wall. \"You're mine,\" the blonde growled menacingly, barely an inch from the shorter man's lips. \"You belong to me Tom Ripley. You will always belong to me,\" he tapped his hand against the frightened man's heaving chest, \"right here I already left my mark.\" A hand landed heavily on the furious blonde's shoulder, and Tom could see his lovers dangerously pursed lips and narrowed eyes glaring pointedly at the back of the golden head. \"Leave us you stupid Brit. This is between Tom and I.\" \"I don't think so Mr. Greenleaf. You see you're right, I'm not just renovating at Tom's; I'm also attempting to build a life with him. A life you so conveniently threw away for a chance to, if I am to assume correctly, play an elaborate prank on your father and escape your responsibilities as an heir. Would I be right in my assumptions Dick?\" The blonde spun around and shoved the brunette, hard; but Peter was ready for him and with practiced ease that alarmed Tom beyond measure, pressed the struggling blonde, chest first against the wall; one arm tightly wound behind his back. A distressed waitress began to approach them, but Peter waved her away dismissively. \" E 'multa. Abbiamo solo bisogno di un momento .\" She nodded and scurried back inside the shop, Tom couldn't blame her. He had half a mind to do the same. What happened to the mild mannered man he fell in love with, who is this Peter who breaks out James Bond moves, with such alarming familiarity? \"Now Dickie, are you paying attention?\" When the incapacitated youth just snarled at him, Peter pulled at the captive arm until the blonde broke out in a desperate wail. Tom watched his lover quickly silence the man. \"Ok, and what about now?\" \"Yes,\" panted the blonde, as soon as the hand was moved far enough to let him speak. \"I'm going to make this very clear for you boy. You will leave Italy tonight. You will not speak of this encounter to anyone. If I so much as hear of allegations spewing from your mouth about my relationship with Tom, I will hunt you down. Are we clear?\" The blonde nodded through a growl, and Peter softly tapped the man on the cheek. \"Good. You did a good job of disappearing once; I suggest you make a follow up attempt. Only this time make sure you stay dead, or I will have to assist you.\" Satisfied, Peter took a step back, and released Dickie's arm. The blonde had just enough nerve to shoot one final glare at Tom, before walking quickly away and disappearing down a small alley. \"P…Peter?\" Tom couldn't help the stutter. He shakily observed his boyfriend straighten his coat lapels and fix his scarf. \"Yes my love.\" \"What…how… what happened?\" \"I fixed a problem,\" drawled the brunette, like one might comment about the weather. \"How…\" \"Its not important. I will of course tell you everything; but another time. Right now I believe I saw an antique market setting up on City Square on our way in this morning. I do believe we should head over there and browse.\" Tom gapped at the nonchalant way Peter seemed to dismiss the incident. As if the entire encounter never even occurred outside of Tom's over vivid imagination. \"But…Dickie\" \"Will not bother us again,\" supplied Peter with a somewhat exasperated sigh, \"now come along.\" He grabbed a gentle hold of Tom's elbow and gently guided him from the café; withdrawing a couple of notes from his coat pocket he tossed them carelessly atop the table. Tom allowed himself to be lead away, still somewhat confused but warm and surprisingly reassured by his lovers firm hold. Honestly why should he push this now, when there's an antique market waiting and his lover couldn't be more eager to start building their home together? After all Peter did say he would explain himself later, what would be the point of ruining a perfect Venice morning? Tom hugged the other man closer to him, already dreading having to let go when they arrive at crowded City Square. \"Yes, I do believe we are still in need of a dark wood dinning room table,\" the blonde muttered. He didn't need to look, to feel Peter's smiling gaze on him all the way to the market. ","Summary":" Found this in storage, don't know why I never posted it before; but here it is three years later lo"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Victims","Author":"Marnie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2506345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The snow is pocked with deep blue shadows a shade lighter than the indigo sky. Against the purity tourists laugh, trivial and lost, all but one. With his skis over his shoulder, and his improbable golden curls bared to the sun, Dickie Greenleaf strides towards the lifts - elemental and beautiful as the mountains, and as pitiless. On the balcony of their hotel, Peter stands - an elegant man with the pallor of an Englishman, very dark hair, and eyes so tear-dazzled their colour cannot be told. Grey-green, perhaps, like sunless ice. Behind him, faintly, through the closed glass doors, comes the sound of the house orchestra sleepwalking through Boccherini's Sonata for Violin & Cello in D Major, and by his side a matronly woman in an exquisite cashmere shawl gives him an embarrassed, sympathetic look. He musters a smile for her. \"The sun on the snow. Doesn't it make your eyes water? I should go inside before I blind myself.\" Inside, where he hopes it is the musician's lacklustre performance and not his own soul that makes the music sound so flat, and there is Marge, the other half of his duet of shame. \"Peter!\" she pats the sofa beside her; openly glad to see him, and he wonders how she can bear it. Braver and more generous than he is, she still looks kittenish in her white mohair jumper and scarf; but it is a Siamese kitten, all breeding and bright blue eyes. \"Have a drink. You've had enough of the slopes too?\" What he really wants to do is to go to his room and pack. Every moment between now and being at home will be too long. But Marge deserves an explanation, so he takes a martini from the waiter and sits down next to her, careful not to crush her feet - she's curled up, kitten like, with her stockinged toes neatly tucked into a corner of the leather cushion. \"I've been given my marching orders,\" he says, and tries the unconvincing smile again. \"Oh god,\" she sits up, puts a small hand on his knee, the heat of it uncomfortable after the chill outside. \"Oh, Peter, I'm sorry. He can be such a bastard sometimes. Was it very bad?\" The glass is fragile between his fingers, and the colourless liquid looks more like slime than water. \"I've nothing to complain about.\" The words 'sponging pervert' burn him with remembered shame, but he's been called worse, though admittedly rarely by a man he loved so much. \"I suppose I've just worn out my welcome. I should leave now before you end up despising me too.\" \"You know I could never do that.\" He can see the chandeliers reflected in the surface of his martini; false as the crystalline world in which he's been living these past months, and he wonders if it ever occurred to her that his feelings for her lover might be more than mere friendship. He hasn't been dishonest about what he is, but she is something of an innocent. \"I would, if it was me. You are the one he loves, why should you have to put up with these incessant hangers-on?\" She laughs, and it trembles the world in his glass. \"I ask myself the same thing, sometimes. He brings home the most oddly assorted oiks, and I bear with them because I know how soon it will be over. He needs to feel he can still charm the birds from the trees, even if he doesn't know what to do with them once he has them.\" This does nothing to ease the low, burning misery of having made an utter fool of himself. Heartbreak he can suffer with dignity, it's the humiliation he can't stand. \"But you're not like that. You're as much my friend as his, and I won't have you driven away like this. Who'll be on my side when he tries to make me listen to the kind of Jazz that makes my head burst? Who'll come with me to recitals, or help me think of scenes for my book? You can't go. I don't want you to.\" \"I have to, Marge. I can't bear it.\" How juvenile it is: I want to go home. But it's the truth, and he needs the truth at present. He needs his own small cluttered apartment, the stench and clear light and mild, English-spring weather of Venice. Music, and the truth. She puts her own drink down on one of the leather and glass side tables, where it leaves a wet imprint. \"He'll... come round. In a few months, maybe a year, he'll say 'I wonder what happened to Peter. We should invite him back.' You'll come then?\" \"So that he can assure himself I'm still under his spell? No, I don't think so. I have at least a little pride.\" It's a bitter speech, and he can see her flinch at it. Though he's angry, it doesn't please him to hurt anyone, so he laughs. \"Besides, I really can't afford any of this. Maybe you can visit me?\" \"Both of us?\" Dickie Greenleaf in his world? On his threadbare carpets, pushing the sheet music off the dilapidated chairs, and joking because there's three week old bread in the pantry and cat hairs over the single, neglected sofa. Marge will smilingly call it 'Bohemian', but Dickie... Dickie might laugh, charmingly, and inside be secretly tallying up Peter's income, to fling at him later in insult. The 'sponging' remark returns in full force. \"Just you.\" She gives him her hand, and they shake on it solemnly, and if perhaps she thinks this is a little ridiculous, the gesture makes him feel better. British restraint, reassuringly cool after all the unwelcome heat. \"I'll take you up on that, Peter,\" she says. \"Look after yourself.\" It's a good six months, sitting alone at the waterfront cafes, mulling it all over while the gondolas nod against their moorings and the vaporetti slide between the high, dingy walls, before he begins to recover his faith in love; his self-respect. Never again, he tells himself. Never again will he fall for glamorous lies. So when he meets Tom; fresh-faced, freshly abandoned, and far more hurt than he was - so innocent he doesn't understand even his own desires - how can he help but want to make things better? Tom is real, where Dickie was a dream. Tom needs him. He is afraid to ask, but Peter can see that Tom needs him, and it's a kind of sacrament of forgiveness, to be needed. Tom plays the piano with such sweet melancholy, as though the music has been new made for him. Peter lays two places at his table, trying not to frighten away this shy, damaged young man. Between them, he thinks - though it may take all the patience he has - they might after all be able to make something beautiful out of being Dickie Greenleaf's victims. ","Summary":" The snow is pocked with deep blue shadows a shade lighter than the indigo sky. Against the purity t"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"I'm Not A Bad Person","Author":"Jamie L. Vaughan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1899298","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: My own version of the ending to the film, The Talented Mr. Ripley. I had to do this as an assignment for my high school, Creative Writing class. The beginning dialogue is obviously directly quoted from the film, the rest is all my own. Edit - I've fixed the formating because it drove me crazy! Looks a lot better now! Disclaimer: I don't own characters or story, both copyright of Patricia Highsmith. After my short talk with Meredith I went back to my cabin. I had once again become Dickie. But it wasn't my fault, she knew me only as Dickie. Tom was just an acquaintance of Dickie whom she may have heard of once or twice, but he was a nobody to her. Tom was a nobody to all of them, even to Peter. I had told Meredith that I was alone; Dickie was alone. Peter could look like anyone; her aunt had just been mistaken. Meredith was safe, safe from Dickie, safe from the truth. But Peter…Dickie was here alone. I headed back to my cabin, Peter was there of course. I saw him looking at a libretto, I'm guessing for his concert. He seemed rather engrossed with it; I didn't want to disturb him. \"How was it?\" He asked me. He didn't want to look at me, I don't know why. \"Good,\" I answered, almost serious, \"But I think we should stay in here for the rest of the trip.\" I looked over at the coat rack but I was cold, so I kept mine on. Peter's robe was hanging there also. \"Was that Meredith?\" I felt as if I was being interrogated, again! I decided to play dumb; another case of mistaken identity. \"Was who Meredith?\" \"Meredith Logue. You were kissing somebody. Looked like Meredith.\" He mumbled, making all attempts to avoid eye contact. He had seen me. He'd seen Meredith kissing Dickie. I had kissed Meredith. Dickie and Meredith aren't together. Marge and Dickie are...no...Marge and Dickie were. \"Hardly kissing. Kissing off.\" I haphazardly said, shrugging my shoulders to ensure him that I was sincere. \"Didn't look that way to me-you know-from a distance.\" He sounded hurt. What if he would see her later on the trip? I noticed the robe again. \"I lied...to her. She thought she'd seen you.\" Another lie. I grabbed the cord from the robe. I don't think he noticed. \"Why lie?\" \"Dickie and Peter, that's just too good gossip, isn't it?\" Dickie! Why did I say his name. Dickie isn't with Peter. Dickie's dead. How could he be with Peter? Tom is with him. No, Tom is the one who's dead. \"Or Tom and Peter even.\" I don't think he caught what I had said. I think he's ignoring me. Dickie ignored me. I'll just humor him. \"Well that would be even better gossip.\" I faked a laugh. Dickie fakes a lot of things. \"Really, why?\" He finally looked up at me. I guess Tom finally got his attention. He looked puzzled, \"Sorry, I'm completely lost.\" Probably not as lost as Tom. \"I know. I'm lost, too.\" Tom speaks the truth, \"I'm going to be stuck in the basement, aren't I? That's my...that's my...\" I've told truths before and I was rejected. No, I rejected him. I could feel the sting of tears. Dickie caused so many tears, \"Terrible and alone and dark...\" I couldn't decipher his expression. My own tears, Tom's own tears, were blurring his vision, \"And I've lied about who I am, and where I am, and so nobody can ever find me.\" I clutched the cord in my hands, the tightness burned. I'm in the dark, hiding. \"What do you mean lied about who you are?\" The look on his face, he didn't understand. None of them would ever understand. Tom wasn't one of them. Dickie was, of course. They understood Dickie. \"I suppose I always thought...better to be a fake somebody, than a real nobody.\" Why was I telling him this. My conscience was making me. Tom's or Dickie's, I couldn't tell which. Both were fake to me. \"What are you talking about--you're not a nobody! That's the last thing you are.\" Oh Peter, always trying to make Tom feel at ease. Always believing you have the answers. Perhaps he should know. Perhaps Tom needs to escape from the darkness. \"Peter, I...I...\" \"And don't forget. I have the key.\" The key. I wish that were true. But you can't use the key if you can't find the door. \"You have the key.\" I thought I'd humor him. I moved closer, \"Tell me some good things about Tom Ripley. Don't get up!\" I put my head on his back. His heart had a stead beat, \"Just tell me some nice things.\" Cain was in need of his lullaby. \"Good things about Tom Ripley? Could take some time!\" Now he was humoring me. My fingers turned purple. \"Tom is talented...Tom is tender...Tom is beautiful-\" \"You're such a liar...\" I laughed. I wondered if he meant it. \"…Tom is a mystery…\" Dickie had told me this. But was Tom a mystery or was he just misunderstood? \"Tom is not a nobody. Tom has secrets he doesn't want to tell me and I wish he would.\" His wish was my command. His heartbeat was melodic; mine was going at a rapid pace. The tightness of the cord cut into my hands. My eyes burned. \"Tom has nightmares. That's not a good thing. Tom has someone to love him. That is a good thing!\" I sobbed and moved my body upwards. \"Tom is crushing me.\" He said it almost jokingly. I cried even more. \"Tom is crushing me.\" His heartbeat sped up. I could hear mine within my ears. The pull on my hands was excruciating. \"Tom, you're crushing me!\" Peter was in Tom's nightmare. It wasn't a good thing. The door remained locked, my only key was gone. I cried, alone. I had gone back to my cabin. My tears were dry and guilt had set in. I wouldn't have to see anyone for the rest of the trip; at least until we arrived in Greece. But what about Meredith? She knows that Dickie is on the ship. He's on a much deserved vacation. She believes Dickie's in \"R\". She'll still expect to see me there then. I walked back into Peter's cabin. He lay there, looking at his libretto. His libretto…His concert! It hadn't occurred to me before. But had Tom realized it? A performance in Greece to an opera crowd; it had occurred to Tom. But could Tom get away with it? I picked up Peter's score and looked it over; he didn't notice. I had played it before. Tom had played this piece before when the investigation was still active. Tom could play it again. It was meant to be. The deed would have a good outcome, Tom knew it would. I brought the libretto back to my cabin. Peter was scheduled for his concert in two weeks. He was a wealthy man. I looked at his libretto. There's nothing more naked than you're handwriting. No one on the ship knew Tom. Tom was a nobody. Meredith knew Dickie. Her aunt was mistaken, Peter wasn't there. Dickie hadn't seen Peter in months. No one had seen him since the investigation; except for Tom…and Marge. But no one would believe her. No one believed that Tom had killed Dickie. I sat in my cabin, studying his libretto. I heard the sounds of activity on the deck, my heart skipped a beat. Tom had to get rid of his mess. But he couldn't now. But what if someone came to the door? Peter was sleeping, that was all. His eyes were tired from reading his music all night. Tom would have to move him before the trip was over but when and how? Not now, there are too many witnesses. Maybe I can do it later tonight, when no one's up on deck. But he'll float, people would see him. I looked around my room for an idea. Nothing! I went to his room. Peter didn't stir. I found the cord still lying on the bed. I quickly pocketed it. I saw a change dish sitting on the night stand next to a Bible. Both caught my eye. Then inspiration came. I quickly took off his shoes and stuffed them full of change. I put them back on the best I could, it must have felt extremely uncomfortable. Then I took the nearest coat and put it on him; placing the Bible in one of the pockets. I then went back to my room to await midnight. The air felt cool on my skin. And the wonderfully melodic sound of the waves was a blessing. I stared into the darkness, hoping my plan had worked. Nothing. Peter was gone along with his money and his beliefs. Tom had his music. I walked back to my cabin. Praying I wouldn't run into anyone. \"Dickie!\" I'm caught. I'm suddenly Dickie again, \"What are you doing out so late?\" If only she knew. \"I guess the same could be said for you Meredith.\" \"Well I have a God-awful time sleeping while I'm traveling. Just the thought of being unconcious on an ocean is frightful!\" I'm sure Peter felt the same way. \"Personally the rock of a boat puts me to sleep...\" Suddenly the image of the boat in San Remo with Dickie. Him threating me, mocking me. Our argument, the stuggle. It all came back to me in a rush. His voice in my head, 'Tom, I don't love you...I'm actually a little relieved you're going...You can be a leech...You can be quite boring!' The anger just built up inside me, like I wanted to burst all over again. \"DICKIE!\" Meredith had jilted me from my thoughts. \"Huh? What?\" Had I told her anything? Had she heard anything? \"I said 'what are your plans when you arrive in Greece', that is where you're going, isn't it?\" She hadn't heard. Tom was safe. \"Oh, well I'm just going to probably do a little sight-seeing, become a tourist, keep out of sight, you know.\" Dickie had remained cool and confident. \"I see because of the whole...situation. Oh! But don't worry, I'll keep your secret. I never saw you!\" She'd keep my secret, it was almost laughable. I believed I even grinned. \"Thank you Meredith. It really does mean a lot.\" Hopefully she would be satisfied. \"Dickie would you mind taking a walk with me?\" \"Meredith, I-\" \"Just a walk around the deck. I just want to talk somewhere more--formal--than this hallway...please?\" I debated the request. I could say I was tired and go back to my cabin. However she would probably insist on walking me there and know where my cabin was, where Peter's cabin was. \"Sure, a walk sounds nice.\" She took hold of my arm and we proceeded to the deck. All I had to do was entertain her for a few minutes then I could go back to my cabin. Everything would be fine. \"It's such a gorgeous night, isn't it? I swear I could stay out forever on nights like this!\" I looked over the side of the ship out into the sea; still nothing. I let out a sigh of relief. \"Oh don't worry, I won't keep you out here with me.\" She let out a laugh, I just smiled, \"Dickie, I hope you don't find me too brash when I say this. But I just truly need to know, for my own sanity.\" I could feel myself turning red. I anxiously awaited the next statement. My eye then caught something in the water. Something floating! I stared at the object. Nothing. My eyes were playing tricks on me. Dickie suddenly came to mind. \"Dickie...Dickie!\" She had brought me back once again. \"I'm sorry Meredith, what did you say?\" \"I asked if 'you remember our conversation in Rome, after the opera'?\" How could I forget. \"Of course, how could I forget?\" \"Well remember when you told me that you still had feelings for Marge-\" Oh Marge! Dickie said that he loved Marge, but I don't think he ever did. I told her I loved her, '...just write it on a piece of paper or something, and keep it in your purse for a rainy day. Tom loves me.' She didn't care. She always accused Tom of the murder when no one else ever thought to, how naive. \"...care for me?\" She had finished and I had missed it, again. \"I'm sorry Meredith, my mind has been racing around tonight, could you please repeat that?\" \"Dickie, are you feeling all right? I don't think I have ever seen you so distracted before.\" She sounded concerned. Though whenever it is for their own well-being, everyone becomes concerned. \"I'm fine, I just have some things on my mind. The whole thing with Freddie has really been getting to me.\" It was at least partly true. \"Yes, Freddie...\" She looked away from me for a moment. Did she know? \"I mean can you imagine that. Being attacked in the middle of the night. You know that they say that the killer must have been in the back seat of his car, waiting for him to leave your hotel. It's absolutely horrible. The kind of person to do that to someone else, the mindset they must have to be in.\" She seemed relatively dumbfounded by this. \"Well perhaps the killer thought that someone like Freddie wasn't worth enough to live anymore. I guess it's almost like with your coat. Someone deemed that mink not worthy enough to live, so they killed it and made it into a coat. It's the same type of mindset.\" \"Well I hardly think that you can compare the killing of an animal to the murder of a person, especially of Freddie's notoriety.\" \"They're both murder, Meredith, no matter which way you look at it.\" She seemed to contemplate this for quite some time. \"Well either way, I hope that when Freddie's murderer gets caught that he is charged to the fullest extent of the law.\" Now it was my turn for silence. Tom had to change the subject. \"Meredith is this what you wanted to talk about? Because if it is than it is a little to macabre a subject for my taste.\" \"No it's not. I'm sorry, I should have probably chosen my words better. Actually what I did want to talk with you about is the subject of Marge.\" My heart skipped a beat. \"Yes, what about her?\" I thought I heard someone behind us but it was just the murmer of the ship. \"Well, I was under the assumption that after our little tete-a-tete in Rome that you were going to be going back to to her in Mongibello. But yet I find you here, headed for Greece.\" \"Yes...it's...it's a long story Meredith and I-\" \"We have all night. Please, I just want to know that I'm not getting pulled along with you. I mean that...kiss earlier...well I don't know about you but it felt like something more. I mean I'm not jumping the gun here am I?\" If only she knew how long a story this was. Tom didn't want to get her involved in it at all, but Dickie always somehow did. Tom really didn't want to know anyone when he went to Greece, yet Dickie now will. The cause of all this chaos was Dickie, Tom just put on a simple jacket. \"Dickie?\" Her voice was full of such pain, Dickie always caused such pain. \"Well Meredith, I don't know how much of this you may even want to hear.\" I went to sit down on a nearby bench. \"I want to know everything, please tell me.\" I don't think anyone would want to know everything. She sat down next to me and held my hands. They were so cold compared to mine. \"It's true, I was planning on returning to Mongibello. When we were at the opera, I did happen to run into Tom Ripley. Who you may hav-\" \"Oh yes, I've heard of him before.\" Who hasn't heard of Tom? \"Well I ran into him and he told me that he had seen Marge there with Peter Smith-Kingsley. Not wanting to start a scene I told him to invite them to go with him to Dinelli's Cafe the next morning.\" I tried to think hard, putting all of the events in some sort of logical order. \"Yes, I remember. I waited for you, but you never showed.\" \"I know, I got tied up in some business that morning, it was out of my hands.\" \"I even met Peter and Marge there. Oh, she looked so distraught. I hope that you got to meet up with them. She looked so upset over you, like her heart had been literally ripped out of her chest!\" \"I did...finally get there anyway. But when I got there I saw them embracing-\" \"WHAT! No! I don't believe it! You must have been mistaken!\" \"No, it's true. I...I mean there I was...going to Marge to ask her to take me back...and she...and she...\" I started to cry. Wasn't it only a few hours earlier that I was crying? It must have been pent up for a while. Meredith tried to comfort me. \"I am so sorry! If I would have known...well then I never would have--I'm sorry, I apologize.\" \"No! I'm the one that should really apologize,\" I quickly stood up, wiping the tears from my eyes, \"I made you think something that wasn't really there. I've led you on and I didn't really mean to. That kiss...I don't know what that was-\" \"No, I'm the one with the blame. You were under such stress and there I was, just making it worse. I'm truly sorry.\" I could see that she was starting to cry as well. We stayed silent for a while. Just absorbing in what was said. Tom had built another lie upon his already fertile foundation. \"Well...\" \"Yeah.\" \"Here we are then, yes? I'm just glad I finally know the truth.\" \"I guess so.\" Dickie had finally pushed her away. \"Well I guess there's really nothing more to say. I do hope that we can still be friends?\" She sounded sincere. \"You bet.\" I smiled, I don't know if Tom really meant it. \"You know you really should always save pain for daylight!\" I saw a few tears stream down her cheeks. \"It seems to be a habit of mine, but at least this way you'll feel better in the morning.\" She smiled, trying to keep herself from crying anymore. Seeing her obvious pain I hugged her. It may have even been Tom. \"I think this really is goodnight.\" She said softly, backing away from me. \"Do you want me to walk you-\" \"No! It's all right, I can manage.\" She then turned and left me alone on the deck. I knew I wouldn't see anymore of her for the rest of the trip. There wouldn't be anymore of Dickie for the rest of the trip either. The rest of my voyage was seen without incident and I arrived in Greece an unknown. I had caught a glimpse of Meredith and her aunt and uncle while checking my bags. She flashed me a small, mostly civil smile, but that was all. With Tom and Peter's passport in hand I boarded a train to my hotel in Athens. The ride made me remember all of the train rides I had taken with Dickie: Rome, the Jazz Festival, San Remo. Spending his father's money along the way. I was technically still spending his money, but now this time he had actual knowledge of it. When I had arrived at my hotel I was slightly nervous. I had used Dickie's passport to check-in to hotels, hopefully I could use Peter's as well. \"Yes? Checking in?\" The hotel clerk looked quite old, hopefully I could use that to my advantage. \"Um, yes. Under the name Smith-Kingsley.\" \"Yes, Mr. Smith-Kingsley, we've been expecting you. All I need is to see your passport sir.\" My hand literally shook as I reached into my coat and grabbed the passport. He took it in hand and examined in carefully. I tried to keep a straight face. \"I haven't gotten it changed since Oxford. I need a new one, I know.\" \"Yes, Mr. Smith-Kingsley,\" He handed the passport back to me, \"it's standard policy, you understand.\" \"Yes, of course.\" I was saved again. The clerk than ordered his bellhops to assist me with my baggage. \"Enjoy your stay Mr. Smith-Kingsley.\" That evening I attended Peter's rehearsal. Unlike in Italy, in Greece I was completely anonymous. I could be anyone or be no one. Meredith was the only person in the country who know who I was and even she wasn't talking with me. It was a freedom Tom had never experienced before. Tom could start a new. Forget everything about the past months and focus on the now. Dickie, Marge, Freddie; they were all out of my life. I hoped for good. That night I returned back to my hotel not as a new man. \"Mr. Smith-Kingsley?\" The hotel clerk called me over. \"You have a letter.\" I could feel myself start to panic. Who could it be from? What did it say? Without saying anything I returned to my room and quickly opened it. Peter, Please know that this letter is for your eyes only. The last we met I did not get to formally wish you good luck with your concert. However as much as I do, I don't consider it wise to discuss those matters in a letter so urgent. I believe that you are in serious danger! Contrary to what you may believe, Dickie was not in any way responsible for Freddie's murder. Nor was Dickie even responsible for his own. Mr. Greenleaf assures me that the police have found concrete evidence to support both deaths but I know, from the bottom of my soul, that Dickie would not kill himself. I know that Tom Ripley is responsible. He was last scene with Dickie and supposedly communed with Dickie for months after he left Mongibello. Then suddenly we find out that Dickie is dead and the only person around is Tom! I even found Dickie's rings in Tom's apartment in Italy. If that doesn't say he's guilty, than I don't know what does. Please don't think of me as Mr. Greenleaf and Detective MacCarron do. I know that I'm not crazy. I know that Tom is responsible for everything. And I think that you are in danger if you associate with him any longer. Please show this letter to no one and respond back as soon as possible. With Love, Marge Sherwood Marge was trying to turn Peter against me. But she was too late. She was always too late. So she wouldn't get suspicious I sent back a telegram simply stating that I didn't find Tom a threat at all and that she was just trying to find someone to blame. Hopefully she would give up and be satisfied. During the next week and a half I went to concert rehearsals, toured the city, and enjoyed life; my life. Playing in a concert hall was my one dream and I was finally living it. My whole life seemed to be a wonderful dream. The past locked away in my basement, never to be revealed to anyone. One night, in my hotel room, while I was looking over my libretto a knock came to the door. \"Mr. Smith-Kingsley?\" (Knock, Knock) \"We need to speak with you.\" Cautiously I opened the door. There were two Greek men standing at the door. \"Yes, how may I help you?\" \"Mr. Smith-Kingsley, we've come across some items that belong to you.\" I was confused. Had they found some of Tom's luggage? If they did why would they be asking me about them. I tried to stay calm. \"Oh? And what items are these?\" \"We can't disclose the nature of the items, however we need you to come with us to identify them.\" \"Well I would, but I really must look over my libretto for my concert tomor-\" \"Sir, it will only take a few minutes. I think that you can spare them.\" I unwillingly followed them. They placed me in the backseat of a car. \"Excuse me, but where exactly are you taking me?\" \"Just to international customs, so you can identify your belongings.\" I was starting to become paranoid, but remained silent through most of the ride. I spoke after about five minutes. \"How exactly important are these items, because if it's just some jewelry or a few pieces of clothing then I really don't want them.\" Dickie's rings suddenly came to mind. But that was impossible, Marge had them. \"I think that you'll miss these items Mr. Smith-Kingsley.\" Before he even finished, the car had stopped in front of the customs bureau, \"Come with us, Mr. Smith-Kingsley.\" They violently grabbed me by my arms, forcing me to go with them. \"Hey, what the hell...what's going on?\" It was then as we entered when I saw them: Detective MacCarron, Mr. Greenleaf, Marge and Meredith. Everyone there, almost like a mock funeral. A look of hate was across Marge and Mr. Greenleaf's faces. Meredith was standing next to them sobbing. Detective MacCarron kept on a stern demeanour. Tom knew what was going on. \"Listen, there is some mistake.\" \"There is no mistake Mr. Ripley. You are under arrest for the murders of Herbert (Dickie) Greenleaf, Jr., Frederick Miles, and Peter Smith-Kingsley.\" I could see Marge burst into tears at the sound of Dickie's name. Mr. Greenleaf tried to comfort her, but began sobbing along with her. I even began to cry myself. They had taken me to a local police station that very night. Tom was like a mouse caught in a trap of his own making. He had taken too many chances and now he was caught. Detective MacCarron was outside talking with Mr. Greenleaf, probably about a reasonable punishment for poor, old Tom. Suddenly, Detective MacCarron walked in, I straightened up. \"Let's just cut to the chase. We both know that you're responisible. But I'm sure that you're curious as to how you got caught when you got off scot-free in Italy?\" I didn't say a word. \"Well Tom,\" He sat down in the chair across from me, \"You see Peter's body was found last week in a harbor just outside of Athens. At first it was thought to be an accidental drowning, after an autopsy the body was found to have been strangled beforehand. Now the real riddle was how Mr. Peter Smith-Kingsley was wearing a jacket belonging to a Mr. Ripley. Apparently in the same pocket that the Bible was found, there was also a boarding ticket for the Hellenes.\" As he spoke I could almost see myself making the wrong move. I saw my mistake. \"Now the other event that really put the final nail in the coffin, so to speak, was the letter that Mr. Greenleaf recieved about two weeks ago, from a Mrs. Joan Logue. She said that while vacationing to Greece, her niece had met up with Dickie Greenleaf and that she believed that he and Peter Smith-Kingsley were travelling together. Now of course Mr. Greenleaf thinks she is mistaken, his son is dead. So he writes back to Mrs. Logue. Now at around this time, Marge Sherwood recieves a telegram from Peter Smith-Kingsley in response to a letter she wrote him about you. Well it was only a matter of time before each piece fell into it's place and everyone came to the same conclusion. Now I can assure you, that Mr. Greenleaf will be making sure that you will be charged to the full extent of the law. Which is why you will be travelling back to the U.S. with us tomorrow. Now Mr. Ripley I-\" \"Detective MacCarron, we need you to fill out some paper work.\" \"Yes, all right. Mr. Ripley, we'll finish this later.\" He left me there, alone. In the end I always seemed to be alone. My life as I knew it was over. No more extravagent parties. No more beautiful scenery. No more beautiful people to surround myself with. No more Dickie. No more Peter. No more Marge. No more Meredith. No more Tom. I was a nobody again. I had nothing. Tom felt nothing. I could no longer keep Dickie and Peter alive. I could not keep Tom alive. We were all dead. We were in the basement. Alone, in the dark. Hidden from everyone and from ourselves. In the end what I did made sense. However terrible or horrible everyone may have thought it was, it made sense to me. I think it's that way with everyone. Everyone has their secrets; their basements. Because you'll never meet anybody who thinks they're a bad person and I'm one of them. JLV ","Summary":" Author's Note: My own version of the ending to the film, The Talented Mr. Ripley. I had to do this "},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"A Whole Building?","Author":"JillSwinburne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3673528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I love the character of Peter Smith-Kingsley in this movie ut we know so little about him. From a couple of things he says I decided that maybe he isn't quite so innocent as everyone else makes out. Nothing really bad, just a life. Anyway I hope you like it, I tried to keep everyone in character while keeping in mind the attitudes to homosexuality of the period. Do try and enjoy, oh and please review; reviews make Peter smile and that lights up my life : ) A WHOLE BUILDING? Don't look back, that was what Peter always thought. There's no point dwelling on the past, it only leads to pain and regret and depression. All of which was wonderful for music but was rotten if you were just trying to live your life. That was why he had left England. You see the problem with being Peter Smith-Kingsley, with being the younger son of one of the wealthiest families in England, with a Duke and several Earls among the branches of the family tree, the problem with all of that was that there were very few others like you and therefore you tended you see the same people over and over again. Unfortunately for Peter this was made worse by the fact that many of the people he was forced to socialise with, on an almost daily basis, were people whom he would sooner never see again in his life. The private school which Peter had attended as a boy was the best in the country. In the past the sons of many of the crowned heads of Europe had attended this particular establishment. Peter's father and his two brothers had attended as had his mother's brother and her cousin, even Peter's older brother had been there although he had been expelled in his fourth year and had been educated at home after that. When it came time for Peter to go he had asked whether he could not be schooled at home as well but his parents refused, Edward was a special case they told him. And so he was packed off to this formidable establishment with the weight of family tradition bearing down upon him. It just so happened that most of the other boys who would be attending with him were in exactly the same boat. So Peter had tried to get on with making his family happy. He made friends, he applied himself to his studies, he kept out of trouble and found favour with both teachers and students. His love of music and languages might have led to bullying from some of the other boys who were more interested in rugger but his dry wit and easy charm saved him from such a fate. All in all Peter's days at school could be said to be peaceful and fairly happy; his nights however were a different matter. Rumours of buggery and unnatural lust permeate the fabric of many establishments such as Peter's school. But these rumours are never spoken of outright, no complaints are ever made and no action ever taken. Such things are illegal but worse than that they are shameful and even potentially ruinous to any family connected with such a scandal. We shall not dwell on those things that happen in the dark but suffice to say that by the time Peter left the school, through no particular incident he had decided that he was homosexual. However as we have said English society is somewhat limited and so everyday Peter was forced into contact with young men with whom he had been at school, young men who knew his shameful secret, had heard him cry out in the dark for more. They knew and were cold towards him, after all how could you ever be totally at ease with one of them around. Not that they would ever rat him out, there was a code to be kept to and while he might be a rotten little queer he was still an old school-friend, a bond which could not be broken however much they all might like it to be. There was also the question of his music. Peter lived for his music; he loved the soaring feeling he got whenever his hands brushed the polished ivory of his piano, the delicate emotions which each note could stir. He loved to play music, to listen to it on records, to watch and listen to others play. He spent so much of his time at concerts and recitals, wrapped in the most perfect happiness he thought one could ever imagine. Music was his soul, his life, the thing that made him Peter. He wanted to write, to conduct, teach, play… But his parents thought it was not a dignified career. Why could he not go into politics like his father, or show some interest in business like his brother. But all Peter wanted was music. That was when he left his parents house for good. He got a place in London and began to advertise in the local papers. He would teach or play for a neat little sum and his name brought in good business. Peter was a success. Some of the best classical musicians to visit London met with and played with him and although his family still did not entirely condone his activities they somehow always managed to slip his success into conversation with some of their slightly lower class acquaintances. But it was not long before catastrophe struck. His name was Alistair and he was a violinist with a touring orchestra, wintering in London. Alistair seemed to make the world light up for Peter. The way he smiled, the way he laughed, the way he leant so close to Peter when they were together, his lips touching his ear whenever he whispered to him. Peter was in love, quite utterly. It broke his heart when Alistair told him he was engaged. Alistair laughed at the look on his face and asked why he looked so down and Peter couldn't lie to him. After that no one saw Peter for a few weeks until the bruises had healed. His body had mended but not his heart and it seemed to him that there was not a face in London which was not laughing at him in disgust. His saving grace was an invitation to come to America and play a couple of concerts in New York. Peter took the next boat out and promised himself he would never go back to that place where every smile was a sneer and every look an accusation. New York was good. It was perhaps not as wonderful as the people who lived there thought it was but it was pleasant at least. Slowly Peter began once more to come out of himself but he was more guarded, he knew he had to be more careful about himself. America was a good place to think about what he wanted to do next. Three months after arriving in New York Peter found himself in Europe once more but on the continent this time. He moved though Spain and France and finally Italy, playing as he went. His talent for languages made him a pleasant traveller and his bank account meant that he was treated pleasantly everywhere he went. He spent some time teaching in Berlin, even considered staying there indefinitely but there was an incident with one of his students which caused him to move on. When he reached Venice he knew he was home. He bought a little apartment off the Grand Canal and spent his time playing in churches and giving lessons although this time he was more cautious of his students. He loved everything about this city, the architecture, the people, the strange dialect which he picked up quickly. His home was shabby but his patrons didn't mind, all of Venice was like that and besides it suited him perfectly. He hummed as he walked the streets and built up something of a reputation as an affable is somewhat curious character whom the locals took under their wing almost immediately. The only time he left Venice was to play in concerts. Sometimes he was gone for months but he always came back, he loved this floating city almost as much as he loved his music. The only place he visited frequently outside of Venice was Rome and it was while there that he happened to run into a rather raucous bunch of Americans in the bar of his hotel one night. He had been running over the score for a new concert he was preparing for and had seated himself at the piano in the deserted bar after having closed the doors so that he wouldn't disturb anyone. However at about half past midnight the door crashed open admitting three loud and drunken men. Peter could tell they were American just by looking at them but decided to ignore them for the moment, he was busy. But they had noticed the piano and, worse, him. \"I'll pay you a hundred dollars if you'll play some jazz for us,\" said one of them, a golden haired Adonis whom Peter was trying hard not to stare at even as he swaggered over and grinned brightly at him. \"I'm afraid I don't play jazz,\" Peter replied, eyes on the piano. \"Oh come on, you must know something. All you hotel lobby guys know something good, you just don't play it for the stiffs!\" Peter looked up at the chubby fair haired man who had spoken. He had the drawl of a rich, bored New Yorker and Peter was disinclined to humour him. \"I'm afraid you are mistaken,\" he said coolly. \"I do not work here, I am in fact a guest. My name is Peter Smith-Kingsley.\" \"No shit!\" cried the Adonis happily, clapping him on the back. \"Freddy, you have insulted Mr Smith-Kingsley and I think you should apologise.\" Peter flinched at the touch and cast only a slight glance at Freddy who gave a mocking bow and an even more mocking apology. Italy was getting like this lately, overrun by the dumb elite of America who took everything for granted. He had met enough people like that in New York and while the big city with its tall buildings that caressed the heavens seemed large enough to contain their oversized personalities Europe somehow seemed too small for them. \"Our deepest and most sincere apologies,\" said Adonis insincerely as he and his friends headed for the door. \"We were just looking for a little fun.\" Then Peter did something completely insane, just as they were hauling the door open once more he brought his fingers back down to the piano and knocked out a few bars of \"Tu Vuo Fa L'Americano\" before he could stop himself. It was not a song that Peter himself had ever played before but he had heard the tune many times and had simply translated it to the keys. The men by the door stopped and Adonis grinned widely at him. \"Well what do you know, Mr Smith-Kingsley knows jazz,\" he cooed. He and his friends turned back to Peter who had begun to play once more another rag he had picked up from somewhere. The Americans grew closer, fingers twitching to the music, miming drums and trumpets. Adonis leaned over Peter's shoulder, hugging him around the neck. \"I'm Dickie Greenleaf,\" he said in Peter's ear, over the piano. \"I'm charmed,\" said Peter, and he meant it. Dickie was amused by Peter. He simply didn't understand how you could hear a tune and then play it without ever having seen it written down or having it taught to you. \"It's called playing by ear,\" Peter told him but Dickie just laughed. \"It's called being spooky Peter! Spooky!\" Freddy wasn't too bad once you got to know him, a little obnoxious, loyal to Dickie but a decent guy. He and Peter fought constantly about music and the merits of both jazz and classical which only amused Dickie even more. \"You have to come back to Mongibello,\" he told Peter, the morning before they were to leave. \"Marge will flip over you!\" Marge, so there was a particular someone rather than just the string of endless senorinas Dickie seemed to trail behind him. Peter had figured right from the start that Dickie wasn't homosexual. It bothered him only slightly, Dickie was exceptionally handsome but there was something sharp and occasionally rude in his manner which jarred with Peter, always so polite and kind. He had realised early on that Dickie was a man who liked to be worshipped but reserved the right to kick his worshippers should he feel they were in the way. Currently Dickie was amused by Peter and was happy to have him around so Peter saw no reason why he should not do as Dickie wished. Rather one day in the sun than a lifetime in the rain. So he packed his bags and left with Dickie on the train to Mongibello. It was a beautiful town and Marge was welcoming and friendly. She laughed at Dickie's story of how they met and apologised later on in private. \"Dickie just picks people up like a whirlwind. I hope you weren't too offended by the others, they have no time for classical music.\" \"And you?\" he asked, expecting her to side with Dickie and jazz. \"Oh I love it. I keep trying to drag Dickie the opera with me but he'd rather die I think.\" \"I can believe that. Well if you ever need someone to escort you I'd be more than happy to.\" \"Oh Peter you're just wonderful!\" and she hugged him. Peter found Marge's friendship both convenient and comfortable. He rather outlived his amusement value when they reached Mongi and Dickie remembered he didn't have a piano for Peter to play. Instead Marge took him under her wing; they went on shopping trips and out to lunch. He took her to Rome to the opera but had to leave soon after that for his concert. Marge made him promise he'd come back to visit which he did and continued to do. Although Dickie himself had no further use for Peter he seemed glad that Marge had taken a liking to him. For one thing it got him out of her boring intellectual conversations and helping with her book, tasks for which Peter was infinitely better suited. Marge even bought a little piano for her house in Mongi for Peter to practise on when he visited. Peter went back to America for a while for a couple of concerts and met a girl called Meredith who knew Freddy slightly. She invited Peter to stay at her house over Christmas which he accepted even though he had been intending to spend Christmas in Venice this year. That was in October and by the time Christmas rolled around he was only to glad to be with Meredith. Apparently Dickie had somehow found out about him and on his last visit there had been an explosive confrontation where Dickie had called him every name under the sun and professed himself utterly disgusted that he could ever have had such a close relationship with such a person. Peter had been banished from the sunlit circle and ran headlong into the welcoming embrace of Meredith Logue. Meredith was a good enough girl and slightly smitten with him. He happened to find her journal lying open on the floor one day where she had dropped it. His name, written in capital letters and underlined several times, jumped out of the page at him and he could not help but glance at the few lines surrounding it. \"Darling PETER SMITH-KINGSLEY arrived today from Italy. He's to spend Christmas with us which is simply too wonderful. Peter is very talented and ever so handsome and he speaks perfect Italian, I think perhaps I should like to marry Peter, if not someone very like him. Dinner was fish which was horrid.\" He closed the journal and slipped it into Meredith's room when she wasn't around. So Meredith wanted to marry him did she? Perhaps he should ask her, it was known that many men of his persuasion were married and even had children, why shouldn't he. Meredith was pleasant enough. But by the end of his time with her and her family he had rather changed that last opinion. Pleasant Meredith may be, downright decent even but dull as ditchwater as were her interminable relatives. On the whole he was rather glad to get back to his little apartment in Venice, despite the fact that in mid-January it was absolutely freezing and the winter flooding had made his front door unreachable except by boat. He had only been home a week when he got a rather unexpected phone call from Marge inviting to spend the week in Rome with her. \"Haven't you heard Margie darling, I'm a despicable piece of scum whom decent people aught not to talk to,\" he said, but not viciously because really he was over Dickie and his little temper tantrum, he just didn't want to see Marge caught in the middle of a fight. \"Oh Peter I'm so sorry about the whole thing, really I am. I spent the whole of Christmas pestering Dickie about it. He'll be in Rome, there's some new jazz club opening and this famous trumpet player is supposed to show up for the opening. He and Freddy have done nothing but talk about it all holiday. Please say you'll come and keep me company?\" \"And what does Dickie have to say about this?\" \"Dickie doesn't get to say anything about it. And when he sees you the most he's allowed to say is \"sorry\" and he knows it.\" \"Dear Margie, giving orders suits you.\" \"Maybe I should try it more often.\" They laughed and when Peter arrived in Rome Margie and Dickie were there to meet him and it was as though nothing had happened at all. Peter never did get that apology but he didn't really care, where Dickie was concerned complete silence on the subject was as much of an apology as he needed. After that Peter had a lot of concerts. The next time he heard from Marge was a distraught phone call asking him to come to Mongi because Dickie had left her and she didn't know what to do. Peter spent a month at Mongi with Marge, a month of tears and vitriolic monologues and more tears. Occasionally they would receive cryptic notes from Dickie who was apparently in Rome. Marge said he'd gone there after a trip to San Remo with a friend from America, Tom Ripley. Peter just nodded to these things and held her when she cried and took her drink when her hand shook. Eventually he decided staying cooped up in Mongi was doing her no good. They would go to Rome, he would take her to the opera, if she wanted to she could look for Dickie. She agreed. \"You're a good man Peter,\" she said quietly and gave him a watery smile. \"Maybe I should marry you instead.\" \"Sorry darling, you're not my type,\" he told her softly and she laughed. They went to Rome and Marge went into full socialite mode. Shopping and having lunch and showing off to the world and especially Dickie, if the bastard was watching, that she was Marge Sherwood and she didn't need to be anything else, although all the while she gripped ever tighter to Peter's arm. At the opera he bumped into someone who turned out to be the mysterious Tom Ripley. He wasn't gorgeous and he wasn't arrogant and he wasn't really much apart from Tom Ripley but Peter liked that. Although they only met twice he hoped they would meet again. He spent Christmas in Rome with Marge and then went home to Venice. He was home a week before news of Freddy's death hit the papers. He went back to Rome, there were questions from the police, seemingly endless questions. For some reason the Italian police seemed to be obsessed with the idea that the case had to do with homosexuality, a subject about which he lied with great skill and railed about in private. In the end he had to go back to Venice, he had a concert and students who should be getting his full attention. Of course the Venice police decided to question him as well, more for the sake of gossip than anything else. A short while later he got a call from Tom Ripley asking if he could visit. He wanted to talk to the police but he didn't want to go by himself and what with Marge being back in America visiting Dickie's father… Peter accepted immediately. Poor Tom, from what he could make out the Rome police had tried to say that he was dead too and that Dickie had murdered him in San Remo which was ridiculous. Even worse was when the Roman inspector who came to Venice to question him accused Tom of killing both Dickie and Freddy. He thought Tom was going to have some kind of breakdown right there but then they produced a suicide note, supposedly written by Dickie, addressed to Tom. Tom looked heartbroken when he read the letter but for some reason Peter was convinced it was a fake. People like Dickie Greenleaf did not kill themselves just because they were suspected of murder. And Dickie would certainly have never killed Freddy, unless it had been some kind of accident. The whole thing was very confusing. Peter took Tom home with him. Tom had walked straight over to the piano and ran his fingers over the cover. \"Do you play?\" Peter asked. \"A little,\" he replied shyly. \"Be my guest.\" As Peter laid the table for lunch he watched Tom at the piano. The more he looked at him the more he just wanted to put his arms around him and make all this horrible confusion go away. \"Don't you just take the past and put in a room, in the basement, and lock the door and never go in? That's what I do.\" Peter didn't even have to think about that one. \"God yes,\" he replied, making an attempt at flippancy. \"Though in my case it's probably a whole building.\" Tom went on talking and Peter listened. Tom said sometimes you just want to give someone the key to the basement and let them bring the light in, clearing everything out, all the darkness and all the monsters that you've kept down there. Peter smiled to himself. It was definitely the music talking, Tom was hardly the type to even pick a pocket never mind do something so horrible that there would be demons down there. He wished he could have Tom's key, not to open the door exactly but just so that Tom would know it was safe. He wished he could give Tom his key but maybe that wasn't such a good idea. Tom seemed to think him a paragon and perhaps Peter was just selfish enough not to want him to think otherwise. Besides, darkness, demons, depression… they were better for music than for just living a life and right now Peter just wanted to live his life, maybe even live it with Tom. ","Summary":" Okay, I love the character of Peter Smith-Kingsley in this movie ut we know so little about him. Fr"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Contrition and Comprehension","Author":"Evita the Akita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4257992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTES : Yo, I'm back after not updating anything for…forever…sorry… This is set right at the end of the movie. I don't do AU, so, yes, Peter dies. I'm so very sorry. Please, please, please review! Enjoy! Contrition and Comprehension \"Just… Just tell me some nice things…about Tom Ripley.\" I leaned on him, laying my head on his back. \"Good things about Tom Ripley. That could take me some time.\" I wound the cord of the bathrobe tightly around my hands. \"Tom is talented.\" I tried not to think about what I was about to do. \"Tom is tender.\" I just stopped thinking about it and listened to his voice. He had such a gorgeous voice. \"Tom is beautiful.\" That was what got me. It touched me and reminded me at the same time. \"You're such a liar…\" The words came out choked. He continued. He must have thought I was only laughing. \"Tom is – Tom is a mystery.\" I thought of what I wanted to say to him, how I wished I could answer him. \"Tom is not a nobody.\" But I am. I am to the world, Peter, even if I'm not to you. \"Tom has secrets he doesn't want to tell me, and I wish he would.\" I do, too. \"Tom has nightmares.\" He paused, then added, apologetically, \"That's not a good thing.\" You don't know, Peter. You don't know what it's like… \"Tom has someone to love him. That is a good thing.\" I tried as hard as I could to hold back the tears. I dug my head into his back, nuzzling him like a cat. He moaned with pleasure. \"Tom is crushing me,\" he murmured, chuckling. The cord still wrapped around my hands, I rolled onto him. Straddling him, I crawled up until I lay on his back. I kissed his neck, feeling shivers through his skin. \"Tom is crushing me,\" he whispered. He was so relaxed. That was my chance. Sobbing, I crossed the cord over itself, making a loop, slipped it under his head, and pulled. \"Tom… You're crushing me…\" I had to listen to his coughing as I sat on his back, pinning him to the bed while I strangled him. His voice grew fainter. \"Oh God, oh God…oh God…Peter…\" I couldn't take it anymore. I let go of the cord, falling off of him and turning him over. I knelt at his side, leaning over him, one shivering hand on his cheek, the other stroking his hair. The cord hung limply around his neck, but he was still suffocating. He was barely alive. I wished that he would come back, that he could start to breathe again. I knew it was impossible. I had crushed his throat. He had a few seconds to live, and in those few seconds, I begged. \"Oh God, Peter, please forgive me, please,\" I moaned, my tears falling on his face, his sweet, innocent face. There was disbelief in his emerald eyes, and pain. So much pain. \"Peter, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please, Peter, forgive me… Peter, I love you… I love you…\" I tenderly kissed his cheekbone as he passed away. Cradling him in my arms, I cried harder than I ever had before. I sobbed like a baby crying for its mother to come, to comfort it. Only I was crying for Peter. I held him to my chest, burying my face, my tears, in his soft brown hair. Still sobbing, I gently laid him down, caressing his head as I rested it on the pillow. The sheet music he had been studying was strewn across the floor where it had fallen, forgotten. His eyes were so empty… I closed my eyes, lying down beside him, my arms still wrapped lovingly around his lifeless frame. I kissed his cheek, my forehead pressed against his temple. \"I'm sorry…\" I whispered again. I cried myself to sleep as I lay, broken, at his side. I didn't sleep long. He filled my dreams. I whispered his name when I woke up. Then I remembered. I cleaned up the music slowly, carefully, gently, treating every page as if it were a part of him. I set the folder on the dresser as if I was laying him in his grave. I lifted his body, forced to fireman's-carry him because of his height. I got him to the door. I couldn't bring myself to take him any farther. I turned away from the door, carrying him to our bathroom and laying him down in the tub. I locked the bathroom door on my way out. I left our cabin and ran out to the deck. Trembling, I leaned on the rail, looking up at the sky. It was the middle of the night. There were a few small clouds. The stars were magnificent. A few tears fell down my face. I defy you, stars. I felt sick when I thought that. Shakespeare reminded me of Dickie. \"Dickie!\" I didn't have to turn around to know it was Meredith. I heard her footsteps coming nearer. I couldn't talk to her. I couldn't look at her. I couldn't believe I had kissed her. She was the reason. The reason why I was alone. The reason why the emerald eyes were empty. She leaned on the rail next to me with that usual expression of being exasperated and slightly helpless at the same time. \"Oh my God, Dickie,\" she said, rolling her eyes. \"If I have to deal with Aunt Joan and her little posse for one more minute, I'm just going to snap.\" She went on like that for I don't know how long. More tears welled up in my eyes. \"You think you've got it bad?\" \"What?\" \"Just leave me alone.\" I was crying again. She finally noticed. \"Oh my God, what's wrong?\" I didn't answer. I felt her fingers rubbing my shoulder. \"Dickie, what's wrong?\" \"Just leave me alone…\" I tried to catch my breath around the tears. It came out in sobs. Her hand slid around to my other shoulder. She leaned her head against mine. \"Dickie – \" \"Leave me alone!\" I roared, shoving her away. I strode, quickly, back to the cabin. She stayed behind, shocked and bewildered. My pace slowed down as I approached the door. He was asleep. I didn't want to wake him up. I entered the cabin, walking calmly to the bed. It was quiet. I could think. That was when I realized that I couldn't live with myself. I couldn't live with what I'd done. First I accused myself; I berated myself. You could have been happy, I told myself. You could have lived out your life with him. He loved you. You loved him. You could have been happy… Then I understood. Even with Peter by my side, loving me, caring for me, I would never have been happy. It was impossible. There were too many lies, too many secrets. Too many ghosts. The house had been crumbling. Now it's destroyed. All that's left is the basement. Now, my pencil scratches along the paper, telling everything. Confessing everything. I have my glasses on to see what I'm writing. It's been a long time since I've used my real handwriting. Strong slant to the right: Passionate, emotional, needs to be supported by others. Falling baseline: Tired, weighed down, out of hope. I need to tell them everything. They need to know they were wrong. Marge needs to know she was right. They need to know that I regret it all. It'll be easier, I think, for me, knowing that in the end I did the right thing and confessed. I finish the letter with my signature. My own signature. Thomas L. Ripley. I get up, remove my glasses, setting them on the sink, then rummage through my travel bag to find my razor. There is still a scar from when I cut my hand with it. Either get a safety razor or grow a beard… The memory of his silken voice makes my heart ache even more. I tape the letter on the bathroom door before taking the key out of my pocket, unlocking the door, and entering. I know what I'm going to see, but my heart still turns when I do see him, lying in the bath, staring at the ceiling. There are already bruises forming on his neck. I hate to see him like this. I'm shaking. I'm scared. But I have to. I can't live like this. Not anymore. I close my eyes, bringing the razor to my wrist. I apply the necessary pressure. I shiver when the metal penetrates my skin. It's easier, cutting the other. Quicker. It stings like hell. There's blood on the floor. Even after seeing Dickie's blood everywhere in the boat, after having to wash Freddie's off of the bust of Hadrian, it still makes me sick. I'm getting lightheaded. I'm seeing stars. I'm terrified. \"Peter… Peter, help me…\" No. No, he's dead. I killed him. I stumble to the tub and fall in, lying next to Peter. I don't want to get blood on him, but it's impossible not to. Spots of red are already spreading, defiling the perfect blue of his shirt. Even though I'm quavering like a leaf, I manage to reach up and close his eyes. My blood drips onto his cheek. I can barely focus my eyes. I gather up my strength and pull myself forward, kissing his frozen lips. When the kiss is over, I let myself drop. I don't want to move anymore. I'm too tired. My right hand is on his head. My left is on his shoulder. My head rests on his chest. I fall asleep. ","Summary":" NOTES : Yo, I'm back after not updating anything for…forever…sorry… This is set right at the end of"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Disintegrations","Author":"DagonSt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5498248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ripley had nothing to do with it. Dickie Greenleaf did it, killed Peter, killed Freddie, killed Tom Ripley in a little boat in the middle of nowhere. Why Peter? Because Peter thought he was Tom and would have given it all away. It almost worked. Except Dickie Greenleaf is months dead and Tom, Tom's on a boat to Greece now with a dead man and a girl who called him Dickie. He was only trying to be happy. He couldn't stay Dickie because that was dangerous, but he was trying to be happy. He had Peter and Peter cared and maybe understood, and he'd tried so hard to be happy. Peter had been. Peter liked Ripley. But Tom didn't like Ripley. Tom liked Dickie (far too much) and Peter (not quite enough), but knew too much about Ripley to really care for him. Tom is common, Tom is no-one ('Tom is talented; Tom is tender,' Peter had said). Tom must be mad. And Tom is going to be caught now. He wasn't talented at happily-ever-afters. He'd had that, maybe, with Peter, and had had to throw it away because Meredith and her family were there and she called him Dickie and - A few hours as Dickie Greenleaf before the boat landed and they found Peter and started asking questions. A few hours... Stupid, stupid mistake, Dickie. Or had it been a mistake at all? Why had he given Meredith that name? And why had he learnt Dickie's voice, movements, style, if not to become him? Tom thought that he had really loved Dickie, been close to Dickie; he couldn't have been so calculating, so cold, he wasn't like that at all - Except, wasn't it amazing luck to look like, sound like, act like Dickie after it was done? And wasn't it interesting how Tom had felt so compelled to confront Dickie out alone like that and he must have known how Tom felt before; and how Dickie hated confrontations, which Tom knew, and also his inevitable reaction; and - But no, it was not interesting in the least because the problem was really how he had reacted when trapped on a boat with many people who thought he was Dickie and one person who thought he was Tom and so sorry Peter, I couldn't kill them all and didn't know what else to do. A few hours...first to dawn, then to dock, then to death - Peter would not really be dead for Tom until he was found. Such a futile death for Peter, who was really too good; could he ever understand that need to be someone else? No, Peter wouldn't have understood, because he liked Tom, why Tom needed so badly to be Dickie. Dickie had seen, and was disgusted by it, and now Tom had to answer for them all - Dickie, Freddie, Peter. But if Peter weren't found? If he could get Peter overboard, convince Meredith to call him anything but Dickie (he'd need new papers again - Peter's?) maybe he could manage to not be Tom Ripley anymore. He had to act, and soon, to stretch out these last hours. He was talented at that, riding on an impossible situation until it changed for him. That much he could do, again and again. He just didn't know if he'd ever be able to stop. Tom closed his eyes and thought about what to do about Ripley. ","Summary":" Ripley had nothing to do with it. Dickie Greenleaf did it, killed Peter, killed Freddie, killed Tom"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Ripleys","Author":"the daroga","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3009688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ripley stared up at thenmonstrous creature as a dab of saliva, or acid, or whatever it was,ndropped from its slavering jaws. Not for the first time, hencursed the fact that a coincidence of naming had led him to believenthis would be easy. The plan had been simple—use this othernRipley's documents to get onboard the Nostromo (change the E to annA and he was Allen Ripley, and that was close enough to passncomparison with his own); ingratiate himself with the crew; failingnthat, kill them; and he was home free. The accommodations were anlittle Spartan, but he'd survived worse—as long as there wasnpromise of better things to come. Well he'd done all thatn(he left the cat alive, as it didn't seem to be in his way) and nownthere was this slimy thing trying to kill him . And hendidn't even have an oar. He'd tried replicating its behavior tonconvince it he was itself, but that had resulted in nothing butnconsiderable dehydration on his part and what he suspected wasnlaughter from the alien. The cat—Jones, was it?—chose thisnmoment to skitter to his side as if seeking protection, but thencreature moved faster and Ripley watched as Jones was reduced to anfew motes of orange fur. He'd had enough. Before thenalien had swallowed, Ripley was on it. With nothing but his barenfists he pummeled the creature repeatedly, avoiding its reach bynvirtue of hitting it continuously. It was how he won all hisnfights. \"You! Won't! Ruin! This! For! Me!\" he criednbetween punches as the slimy thing crumpled to the floor, whining innprotest until it made no further sound. Ripley got up, wiped hisnhands on Lambert's coveralls, and went to the mess room. Now,nif only he could get the food stores to cough up a reconstitutednolive for his martini. ","Summary":" Ripley stared up at thenmonstrous creature as a dab of saliva, or acid, or whatever it was,ndropped"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Cinquanta","Author":"Elske","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3066727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] o1. ring. Margenis hysterically sobbing some nonsense about Tom and Dickie's rings;nPeter holds her close, strokes her hair, tries his best to bencomforting, but his mind's on a certain key kept safe in his jacketnpocket. o2. hero. \"No, you look fine withoutnthem,\" he murmurs, reaching over and taking off Tom's glasses,n\"like Superman,\" and he doesn't notice the flash of memory-painnin the other man's eyes. o3. memory. Tom looksndown at the gondola and flinches because there are too many memoriesnin getting into a boat with a charming man. o4. box. \"Inwant to let you in,\" Tom whispers against his skin, \"but I'mnafraid you won't like me anymore.\" o5. run. Henruns away afterwards, because he's Tom Ripley and that's hisnnature; he wanders ashamed in Venice, embarrassed at fleeing, thenecho of Peter's kiss still warm on his lips. o6.nhurricane. Peter thinks bedtime stories might help with thennightmares, so he reads Shakespeare aloud; Tom smiles drowsily, fallsnasleep dreaming of Caliban and Miranda. o7. wings. Allnof a sudden they're kissing in an empty piazza and all around themnthe air is filled with wingbeats as dozens of startled pigeons takenflight. o8. cold. \"Are you cold,\" Peter asks inna whisper, pulling Tom into his arms; the sound of that voice sonclose to his ear just makes Tom shiver again. o9. red. Thensight of Tom's blood is disconcerting; it's soaking through thenbandage and Peter dares to ask \"Might I come back to check on younafter Marge is settled?\" 1o. drink. He findsnhimself transfixed by the way Peter holds the tiny espresso cup in anmanner that is somehow delicate yet not at all feminine; it'snenigmatic, Tom thinks, smiling shyly. 11. midnight. Hisnfirst night in Venice and Tom is still awake, listening to thenchurchbells ringing out the midnight hour and thinking of Peternasleep just on the other side of the wall; he presses one handnagainst the plaster, filled with a sudden inexplicable longing . 12.ntemptation. Meredith is so fragile, Tom thinks, and it wouldnbe absurdly easy to fit his hands around her throat and then she'dnbe out of the way and he and Peter might be happy; he's going to donit, he's going to, but somehow he only ends up kissing herninstead. 13. view. \"I think it's the mostnbeautiful view in Italy,\" Peter murmurs shyly, and Tom justnblushes. 14. music. \"Only the music talking,\"nsays Peter, and he's suddenly so close so warm so perfect that forna moment Tom actually wants to tell him everything . 15.nsilk. \"I haven't silk sheets or anything,\" he says,nopening the door to the guest bedroom, \"but it's all yours, untilnwe can find you a proper place of your own , of course,\" and fornsome reason he's actually nervous as he waits for Tom to say yes . 16. cover. He's always nervous withnMarge because he always has to remember to cover his tracks, andnmaybe he does love her a little but it's nothing like loving Peter,nwhich is effortless. 17. promise. He curls up innPeter's lap, whispers \"Do you love me promise you love menpromise\" and sighs against the other man's lips. 18.ndream. Tom wakes himself up screaming from the nightmares andnan instant later Peter is there, barefoot and sleep-disheveled and soncaring and concerned that the weight of Tom's secrets seem suddenlynheartbreakingly unbearable. 19. candle. A candlelitnbath, shared: neither admits it, but they're both thinking ofnDickie. 2o. talent. \" You're the talentednone,\" Tom protests, taking his hands from the piano keys andnlooking over at Peter, wondering \"won't you play something, allnthe songs I know by heart are too sad.\" 21.nsilence. Peter's quiet now, too quiet and the onlynsound is the soft echoing of Tom's sobs. 22. journey. Before, he was a virgin; now he stretches out at Peter'snside, aching and sated and wonderful and for the first time henrealizes that this must have been what he'd once wanted from Dickienafter all. 23. fire. He carries the memory of thatnaccidental touch (like fire like electricity) and that peculiarnpromise in the Englishman's smile with him, against the cold ofnMeredith's tears and the overpowering fear of the future. 24.nstrength. \"I wasn't strong enough to withstand hisnindifference,\" Peter admits softly, \"I worshipped him butnhe never noticed,\" and for a moment it seems Tom might be about tonsay something, but he just shifts closer, kisses Peter in thendarkness. 25. mask. \"Aren't you ever afraid, ofnbeing who you are, don't you just hide it all behind a mask untilnyou get so used to hiding that you forget who you are underneath it,\"nbabbles Tom, searching Peter's eyes almost desperately for somensort of understanding. 26. ice. \"You can'tnpossibly play with hands that cold, they're like ice,\" says Peternwith a shy smile; he takes Tom's hands and enfolds them in his own,nmurmuring \"there, isn't that better,\" and Tom blushes, nods yes . 27. fall. He'll love Athens in thenfall , thinks Peter; he doesn't realise it, but he's startingnto plan their life together. 28. forgotten. Timesnlike this he can almost put what he's running from behind him;neverything else is suddenly forgotten, all that's left is thenwarmth of Peter's skin against his own. 29. dance. There's a party after the opera, of course; they'rendancing and Meredith asks him coolly \"Can't you talk of anythingnbut Tom Ripley?\" 3o. body. The body splashes intonthe endless Mediterranean and Tom is suddenly tempted to follow itnoverboard. 31. sacred. They're kissing in thenshadow of the cathedral -- an inappropriate thing to be done in suchna sacred place, perhaps, but they're imagining themselves toonovercome by love (lust) to care. 32. farewells. Thenweekend audition in Naples is looming ahead and Peter confesses thatnthere's something he hates about goodbyes; in the doorway Tom poutsnlike Dickie, loosens the belt of his borrowed bathrobe and bravelynwhispers \"Then, stay .\" 33. world. \"There'snmore to the world than Italy,\" Peter breathes, a whisper in Tom'snear, \"and nothing keeping us here, come with me, we'll seenAthens, we'll see everything.\" 34. formal. Hensneaks a jumper out of Peter's wardrobe and there's somethingncomfortable about wearing it because it's soft and warn and warm,ncomforting, nothing like those horrid pieces of Dickie's borrowednformal finery. 35. fever. \"You're hysterical,nyou're going to make yourself ill,\" he tells Marge, manuveringnher over to the sofa, reaching up to feel her forehead, whispering,n\"don't think of Tom or Dickie or any of it, just rest yourneyes.\" 36. laugh. He watches Meredith laughingnand the sudden incline of Tom's head and then they're kissing;nPeter's breath catches and he returns mechanically to their cabin,nfeeling sullen and cold and something like heartbroken. 37.nlies. \"I love you,\" breathes Tom, and it's the firstnhonest thing he's said since leaving New York. 38.nforever. He curls up on the empty bed (it still smells ofnPeter) and realizes he really did love me forever . 39.noverwhelmed. \"Are you all-right,\" Peter murmursnafterwards; Tom's crying because he's happy and guilty andndrained and overwhelmed and wonderful and he'd never reallynrealized that loving could be like this . 4o.nwhisper. There's nothing in the world like the feel ofnPeter Smith-Kingsley's whisper; it gives Tom goosebumps, leaves himnwarm and shivery all over. 41. wait. Hours left tonwait, and all Peter can think of is the look on Tom's face when henoffered up the key. 42. talk. He babbles in Englishnand waits as Peter translates it into smooth perfect Italian; it'snironic really that the least-important lie ( are you a homosexual )nis the one that bothers him the most. 43. search. It'snMarge who alerts the police after the long suspect silence from anonce-dear friend; she's the first one they call when the fishermennrecover something suspicious and she hangs up the phone with shakingnhands thinking it's Tom Ripley to blame, I know it . 44.nhope. Things will be different this time, henthinks. 45. eclipse. \"Please, Peter, Please,\"nTom pleads, teary-eyed, curling up at his cold side, \"Peter,nplease, no ,\" he sobs and it's worse than being ignored bynDickie, worse than anything he's ever known, like the sun'snactually burnt itself out. 46. gravity. It's likenbeing weightless, he thinks; he cries out and everything goes out ofnfocus and Peter's there, everywhere , loving him. 47.nhighway. \"Marge always said America was boring,\" musesnPeter, \"all highways and prairies; that must be why you don'tntalk of America much either,\" and Tom just nods. 48.nunknown. \"He's a bit of a mystery,\" says Marge, \"Indon't know a thing about him, but I do think you'd like him,nPeter, I really think you'd like him,\" and from the verynfirst mention of this enigmatic Mr Ripley, Peter is enthralled. 49.nlock. \"Don't forget,\" he murmurs, \"I have thenkey.\" 5o. breath. And with his last breath henchokes out \"Tom!\" ","Summary":" o1. ring. Margenis hysterically sobbing some nonsense about Tom and Dickie's rings;nPeter holds her"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Could be Normal","Author":"SunnyRea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3574799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They sat at a largentable normally meant for five at some nameless café along thencanal. Peter's music was spread across the table, concert nextnweek. They both had coffee, untouched beside them. It was just annormal afternoon, sun shinning, a few clouds, and pigeons here andnthere. Tom watched Peter as henworked through the music, marking in spots for cues, portions to worknon with his orchestra. He held his pen in one hand, the othernflattening down the pages, keeping them from flying off the table. nTom couldn't believe how beautiful he was; his hair falling in hisneyes, so intent on his music. Tom didn't deserve someone like him.n Peter shouldn't be anywhere near him. Making another mark onnthe pages Peter's head titled to the side. He was so beautiful andninnocent. Tom had to look away. nMaybe he should just get up and run, run far away to keep Peter safenfrom him. Peter didn't need to see him, see how dark and terriblenis really was down below. \"Tom?\" Eyes intent on thencobble stone Tom answered Peter, \"Yes?\" \"Tom.\" At the tone of Peter'snvoice he turned. Peter was looking at him like he often did, like henwanted to turn the key but would only do so if Tom handed it to himnfirst. It just wasn't fair that someone as glorious as Peternshould be sitting near him looking at him like that. It wasn'tnfair to Peter. \"What are younthinking?\" Peter asked, putting his pen down. \"About you,\" Hensaid, realizing it was actually an honest answer if not the completentruth. Peter smiled a littlenand Tom knew that Peter knew he hadn't said everything. How couldnPeter read him so well? Tom had tried so hard to hide everything,nhide himself away in the basement. Did he even know who he was? Wasnhe separate at all from those deeds he locked away, from the fakenlives he had led? \"Thinking about menand what?\" Peter asked. Tom laughed a sort ofnhollow sound, \"That I don't deserve you. That you should be anfar away with someone better than me.\" He looked down at the tablenand thought about smashing his coffee cup on the ground and justnscreaming, screaming and screaming. Then Peter spoke again,n\"I think I am able to decide where I want to be. If I wanted to benfar away with someone else I would be.\" Tom looked up. Peter wasngazing at him with a serious expression on his face. \"But I wantnto be here with you, Tom, with you. And you deserve to be happy.\" nTom smiled despite not believing it. \"And Tom, I am going to trynand make you happy and…\" he paused. \"Peter… I'm…\" \"I just want you tonlet me in.\" Peter stopped him. Tom looked away. Henheard Peter get out of his chair across the table and sit in the onenbeside Tom. He could feel the heat of Peter's body beside him andnit reminded him of how cold Dickie became once he was lying still onnthe bottom of the boat. He shivered and tried to control hisnbreathing. Dickie's dead eyes and Freddie's blood on his statuenspun in his head. Tom had a sudden urge to flee, to run as fast asnhe could, to jump into the canal, to just drown. He knew he was anmonster with an angel beside him and the vulgarly of it made hisnstomach churn. Then Peter's handnclosed over his and he turned to look at the other man. Looking atnhis face, so accepting, so willing to love Tom despite the secrets,ndespite his mystery made the dark around Tom's mind brighten, ifnonly a little. Peter literally was the light of his life, the lightnabove the darkness. \"Ok,\" Peter saidnthat quiet acceptance back into his voice and he smiled, \"Do younwant to go?\" Tom nodded and quicklyngulped down half of his coffee. They both stood up, gathering thenmusic together and returning it to Peter's brown leather case. nLeaving their cups at the table they headed off into the afternoonndown the empty street. They walked together close enough for theirnshoulders to brush lightly at each step. As they walked Tomnthought, this could be it; this could be life, every day with him. nHe turned to look at Peter's profile beside him. He could spendneach day with that face, that smile. \"You haven't beennto Florence, have you?\" Peter asked, turning to look at Tom asnthey walked. \"No, not yet.\" \"We should go. You'dnlike it. No canals of course, but a city worth seeing.\" \"As long as I'mngoing with you,\" Tom replied and he was at once surprised withnhimself at how Peter brought such honesty out of him at unexpectednmoments. \"Good.\" Peternsmiled and Tom couldn't help but grin back at him. It was thatnsmile that made him forget everything; forget his past, what he'dndone. If Peter could smile at him like that what did it matter whatnhad happened before? He could live for now and pretend the past hadnnever been there at all. All there was now was Peter. Suddenly, not watchingnwhere he was going with Peter smiling like that, Tom tripped on anraised stone in their path. He stumbled slightly and accidentallynknocked Peter's case from his hand, spilling the music about thenground. Peter caught his arm to stop him from following the musicndown and chuckled. \"Looks like I'mndistracting you from walking.\" They both laughed andnTom stooped down to pick up the music. It really had fallen all overnthe place. Then he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked back andnsaw Peter looking down at him. He stood up slowly, pages of music innhis hands. \"What?\" Peter just smiled andnstood with his chest nearly touching Tom's. \"Nothing,\" henreplied, \"You're just so beautiful.\" His finger's touchednTom's temple, lightly brushing Tom's hair back from his face. nPeter kissed Tom firm on the mouth and Tom kissed him back. n\"Beautiful,\" he whispered against Tom's lips and kissed himnsoftly once more. For one moment Tom forgot everything, everythingnin the world, the past, present, everything except PeternSmith-Kingsley. Then Peter leaned backna little and took the music from Tom's hands. They kneeled andngathered up the rest of the sheets, placing them back in Peter'sncase. Standing up again Peter held out his hand down to Tom. \"Ready?\" From where he crouchednTom looked up at Peter. Peter. It could be like this everyday, henand Peter. Every day they could walk together, have coffee, go home,ngo out, stumble in the street, laugh, every day they could bentogether and be happy. Tom could forget everything, no more Dickienor Freddie; he could let the light of Peter slowly erase the dark. nCouldn't he? Couldn't he be happy and normal? Couldn't Peternsave him, if Tom let him? Tom took Peter's handnand stood up. \"Yes,\" he replied and they walked away, handsnstill together. Couldn't he letnsomeone as beautiful, and glorious, and so gentle and tender andncaring save him, erase the dark? ","Summary":" They sat at a largentable normally meant for five at some nameless café along thencanal. Peter's mu"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Destination","Author":"bleargh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1597327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was early morning when Tom Ripley trudged up the incline to the boat, small suitcase swinging against his leg. There was a cold wind on the Mediterranean and they'd needed coats; since not very many travellers bothered with sea travel in this kind of weather, the boat was half-empty, its metal creaking, the wood freshly polished. Behind him, Peter made his way up the ramp, holding his own bag over his shoulder. He was smiling, as always, and Tom found himself smiling back nearly as widely, if not as freely. A tall man in a dark uniform took their tickets and gestured toward the cabins, where the two men--brothers, no doubt--were to find their own. There weren't, after all, homosexuals in Italy. Nothing to worry about. The cabin, predictably, was a narrow room with a small bunk, a desk and a small cupboard. The wood was polished, the mirrors spotless. The small porthole, hovering a dozen feet above sea-level, offered a magnificent view of the tumultuous water and the grey sky that stretched into infinity above it. Peter voiced his approval, dropped his bag by the desk and knelt across the bunk to have a better look. Tom closed the small door behind him and locked it, watching him wordlessly for a moment; Peter's ever-present smile lingering easily on full lips; the muddy green of his eyes under thick brown lashes; the long, delicate fingers on each side of the porthole, slightly curled as they would be on the piano keys they were so familiar with. Tom watched for a moment, then put his own luggage down by Peter's and joined him on the bed, body coming to cradle the taller frame, fingers entwining. Tom fit his lips to the angle of Peter's jaw and felt the smile soften, the body give. \"Beautiful,\" Peter breathed, even though his eyes were closed, even though a slight mist had suddenly risen to blanket the water's surface and conceal it from their view. Tom took extreme care in peeling Peter's coat from his shoulders, in pulling Peter's sweater from his back. He breathed in the faint musk in the silk of his hair, lapped at the shivers running up Peter's spine. When Tom asked, Peter finished undressing and laid on his stomach, head pillowed on his arms, and closed his eyes under Tom's touch. Tom told himself it was just like touching a girl, only with extra feelings in the way. Peter said he loved him; Tom did too, but couldn't quite bring himself to say so. Peter curled up to him afterwards anyhow, and they talked about what they would do for the rest of the day. Tom let Peter compose their schedule however he liked, as long as they got to witness the sunset. ","Summary":" It was early morning when Tom Ripley trudged up the incline to the boat, small suitcase swinging ag"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"A High Point On A Sea Of Low","Author":"Juanita Dark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2416699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:rnA High Point On A Sea Of Low Author:rnJuanita Dark Rating: PG-13 Spoilers: The Talented MrrnRipley Summary: And then the boat was gone. There was nothingrnthere. Disclaimer: I feel I must apologise to Ms. Highsmithrnwho is at this moment spinning in her grave. Mr Minghella gets myrnprops, though. ArnHigh Point On A Sea Of Low Listing. Thernboat kept swaying from side to side, and every so often Ripley wouldrnglance up at the sky and find the sun a high impossible dot,rnstringing clouds behind it like the tail of a kite. The light wouldrnhurt his eyes making him close them, and he'd move closer to Dickiern– who was as warm and untroubled and dead as Ripley was thernopposite. Thernscreaming gulls were what finally made Ripley lift this head - andrnthen, he'd had to move Dickie's arm from his shoulder first. Thernboat had been drifting (he hadn't cared for how long) each wave onrnwave making him think of music, cascades of piano notes, his fingersrnfalling on the keys – each note eliminating the other with arndecaying but resonant harmony. Therngulls were strident reminders that he was closer to shore. He wasrnalways closer to shore. He had hoped once that he and Dickie wouldrndrift to an island somewhere and be alone together. Forever. But thatrnwas not to be. Hernwaited. Whenrnhe finally felt strong enough he lifted the bloody oar – that hadrnstruck Dickie beside the ear so cleanly earlier with a brutal lack ofrnconcern for his beauty or his vanity. Naturally, the oar seemedrnheavier now – or maybe he was weaker, and his smashings against thernbottom of the boat sounded briefly like the smashings at the bottomrnof a barrel, the echoes against the walls of a glass house. When hernfinally made some headway the water poured inward bringing up withrnits level the fragments of the underside. Forrna moment Dickie's hair wafted like seaweed against the surface ofrnthe water fighting its own immersion and the flickers of sunlightrnreflected there. One of his eyes was still slightly open yet not widernenough to capture Ripley. Never to capture Ripley. Ripleyrntook the ring from the smallest finger of Dickie's left hand withrnno small difficulty. Harder still was the removal of the jacket –rnwhich, in retrospect he should have tried to remove before opening arnhole in the bottom of the boat; his tugging left Dickie's armrnturned upwards, an empty gesture of something threat or plea. Thernboat was listing again and the gulls above him were starting to soundrninterested in what transpired below. As the level of water rose, itrnlifted Dickie suddenly, shifting the angle of his head. What stuckrnout now for Ripley was the half-closed eye not entirely escaping formrnthe clumps of blood-matted, blond hair. That kind of blue against redrnagainst something else. Hernstepped off of the boat, swimming beside it for a time, then turningrnit over so that when it finally sank it would take Dickie beneathrnwith it. Hernremembered that when it did so he was watching it from nearby rockrnformation that jutted (favourably or unfavourably – time wouldrntell) into the sea. The sun had sunk lower and the world seemedrndarker somehow and yet infinitely capable of projecting promise –rnall of which, he supposed, would be denied to him all over again. Hernwas shivering; and he'd pulled at Dickie's jacket resting on hisrnshoulders – everything wet through – not conscious that he wasrnpulling it closer, pulling it on entirely, one sleeve after another. Andrnthen the boat was gone. There was nothing there. Arngull flapped down to land on the rock farthest from him, rubbing itsrnbeak thoughtfully with one webbed foot. By then he had alreadyrnslipped Dickie's ring onto his smallest finger, and moved down asrnclose to the water as balance and common sense could take him. Hisrnface swayed in the waves below him, the sun an impossible world awayrnbehind him – where he must go. Hisrnshirt still held small specks of blood that he closed his jacketrnaround – not large enough to be telltale but not small enough tornescape detection. He wiped a hand across his chin, thinking,rnlogically, blood must be there too, but his fingers – those of hisrnright hand – came up clean. Therngull struck it's beak on the rock making an incongruously hollowrnsound. Turningrnhe and found the shore closer than he'd ever imagined. - fin - ","Summary":" Title:rnA High Point On A Sea Of Low Author:rnJuanita Dark Rating: PG-13 Spoilers: The Talented Mrr"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"A Fate Worse Than Life","Author":"PennythePyro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2001068","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Fate Worse Than Life by pennythepyro Clarissa C. Lyons sat in the coffee shop, sipping espresso and thinking. ","Summary":" A Fate Worse Than Life by pennythepyro Clarissa C. Lyons sat in the coffee shop, sipping espresso a"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"The Talented Mr Ripley continued","Author":"aims80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1222262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [A/N. Basically this story is yet another school assignment I did back in high school. We were asked to write another chapter from a book we liked and I picked \"The Talented Mr. Ripley.\" I wrote it in year ten, so you'll have to excuse it if it's not as good as it could be. It also occurred to me whilst reading it over that it could possibly be seen as slightly \"slashy\", however anyone who has read the novel and/or seen the movie would know that it was implied throughout that Tom was gay. Anyway enjoy it regardless.] In the novel:rnIt has to be noted here that in the novel Tom does not kill Peter. When they part Peter says to Tom that he is going home and that Tom is more than welcome to go and stay at his place in Ireland. In the novel the police then find Dickie's suitcase and clothes and decide to check them for fingerprints. Tom gets nervous at this and promptly leaves for Greece. Upon disembarking in Greece Tom finds in the paper that the only fingerprints found where those of Dickie, and that the search for Dickie is a futile one the police won't be continuing. Full of relief he checks at the American Express to see whether there are any letters for a \"Thomas Ripley\" only to find one from the Greenleaf's in response to Tom's forged note from Dickie, which tells him that they will honor Dickie's wishes and Dickie's trust fund and other properties will be made over to Tom. And the novel ends there. rn rn\"The Talented Mr. Ripley\" Chapter 31. I. ","Summary":" [A/N. Basically this story is yet another school assignment I did back in high school. We were aske"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Darkness Ascending","Author":"outruntheavalanche","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1350274","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Darkness Ascending Author: Just Alex Email: Salsashark30@aol.com Fandom: The Talented Mr. Ripley Pairing: Tom Ripley/Peter Smith-Kingsley Spoilers: Eh, pretty much the entire movie. Rating: R for character death. Archive: Gorilla-Dust, Movie_Slash, RareSlash, DamonAffleck. Anyone else, please ask. Disclaimer: The film, book and characters belong to Patricia Highsmith, Anthony Minghella, and Miramax. I am not profiting from anything. Summary: The slasher's death scene. Author's Note: I'm not sure I'm entirely fond of this. This is my first TMR fic. Maybe someone will like it. Soundtrack: \"Desperado,\" The Eagles, \"Breakdown\", Tantric, and \"Falls Apart\", Stabbing Westward. Dedication: AlmightyChrissy for beta-ing. Soundtrack: These are songs I listened to while writing this. \"Ebben? Ne andro lontano\" - La Wally (Catalani) \"O mio babbino caro\" - Gianni Schicchi (Puccini) \"Rabbiteen\" - Jack off Jill \"In This Life\" - Chantal Kreviazuk \"Mobile\" - Avril Lavigne - - - You better let somebody love you, You better let somebody love you before it's too late - Eagles, \"Desperado\" In your life you seem to have it all You seem to have control But deep within your soul You're losing it - Tantric, \"Breakdown\" This is where it falls apart This is where it falls apart I feel helpless as my everything comes Crashing down on me This is where it falls apart This is where it falls apart I feel helpless as my fucking world comes Crashing down on me Crashing down on me - Stabbing Westward, \"Falls Apart\" *********** Tom pushed open the door of the cabin, and stepped in. \"Hi.\" \"How was it?\" Peter asked, studying his sheet music intently, pausing to flip a page. \"It was good. But I'll tell you something. I want us to stay in here for the rest of the trip.\" He let out a soft chuckle. \"Was that Meredith?\" Peter didn't look up from his sheet music, and Tom's heart sunk in his chest like a rock. He sounded so disappointed in him. 'I did that,' Tom thought to himself, 'I did that to Peter.' Tom tried desperately to conceal his surprise and fear from Peter's ears. \"Was who Meredith?\" Tom asked, breathlessly, his heartbeat echoing in his ears. \"Meredith Logue. You were kissing someone that looked like Meredith,\" he said. \"I came out to find you...\" He trailed off, and an uncomfortable silence hung in the air between the two men, and Tom felt his reserve begin to crumble. He tried to appear as nonchalant as possible, but inside, he was losing control. His control was falling away from him, like sand in a timeglass. \"Hardly kissing. Kissing off.\" Peter sounded skeptical, and Tom knew right away that he had hurt him. \"Didn't look that way - from a distance.\" \"I lied. To her. She thought she'd seen you.\" Tom coiled the gray sash of Peter's bathrobe around his hand, behind his back, approaching slowly. \"Why lie?\" Peter inquired, softly. \"Dickie and Peter, that's just too good gossip, isn't it?\" he asked, laughing, knowing the moment the words slipped out of his mouth, that he'd made a terrible blunder. Peter furrowed his brow. \"Or /Tom/ and Peter even.\" Tom laughed, nervously, struggling to regain his control, but by now, it was far too late. Far too late. \"Well, that would be even better gossip.\" \"Really, why?\" Peter asked, incredulous, shutting his portfolio and putting it aside. He shook his head and avoided Tom's eyes, shrugging his shoulders. \"Sorry, I'm completely lost.\" \"I know. I'm lost, too.\" Tom whispered, so low, that Peter strained his neck to hear. \"I'm going to be stuck in the basement, aren't I, that's my. . .terrible and alone and dark. . .and I've lied about who I am, and where I am, and so nobody can ever find me.\" Peter looked up at him now, his dark eyes piercing, inquisitive. \"What to do you mean 'lied about who you are'\" Tom smiled, an empty gesture. \"I supposed I always thought it would be better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.\" \"What are you talking about? You're not a nobody. That's the last thing you are.\" \"Peter, I... I...\" \"And don't forget. I have the key.\" Peter offered Tom a smile. \"You have the key.\" Tom lay down on the bed next to Peter, resting against his strong back, feeling the beating of Peter's heart under his cheek. \"Tell me some good things about Tom Ripley,\" he whispered, tears pricking the corners of his icy blue eyes, threatening to spill over. \"No, don't get up, don't get up, don't get up,\" he said, when Peter moved to sit up. \"Just tell me some nice things about Tom Ripley.\" \"Good things about Tom Ripley? Could take me some time.\" He paused, thoughtful, pensive, and Tom fell more in love with him as each second ticked away. That was why it was hurting so much. \"Tom is talented. Tom is tender... Tom is beautiful...\" His heart ached and shuddered, as he wrapped the sash around his hand, idly. \"You're such a liar.\" Tom laughed, or maybe he sobbed. He could not quite tell. Maybe they were one and the same. \"Tom is musical,\" Peter continued, resting his cheek on his forearm, smiling peacefully. \"Tom is not a nobody. Tom has secrets he doesn't want to tell me, and I wish he would.\" Tom closed his eyes, his cheek pressed into the small of Peter's back, pulling the gray sash taut in his hands. Peter continued on, his voice silky and soothing. \"Tom has nightmares. That's not a good thing. Tom has someone to love him. That's a good thing.\" Tom pressed himself against Peter, sobbing without abandon now, crushing himself into Peter. \"Tom is crushing me,\" Peter whispered. \"Tom is crushing me...\" Tom knew what he had to do, there was no turning back now. He had to do it. Tom pulled the cord tightly around Peter's neck. Peter, some small part of his brain realizing that his life was now in danger, struggled to breathe. \"Tom, you're crushing me!\" But he didn't hear him. Instead, a rushing sound filled his ears, drowning out Peter's pleas for his life. And even if he *had* heard Peter cry for his life, would he have stopped? When Tom opened his eyes, felt the body beneath him, he looked down. Peter lay on his stomach, unmoving. Tom turned Peter onto his back, gently, and pressed his cheek against his chest, searching desperately for a heartbeat, a sign of life. Nothing. His chest did not rise, because his lungs did not fill with precious oxygen. His heart did not beat because it was dead - Peter was dead. Realizing what he'd done - he'd killed the one person who truly loved him - Tom began to cry. \"Peter, oh God, Peter,\" he whimpered softly, gathering Peter into his arms, \"oh Peter.\" He pressed his ear to Peter's chest. Alas, no heartbeat. The boat swayed in the embrace of the ocean, and Tom pressed against Peter's body - his shell. Because that was all it was, now. The soul, the warmth that had lit Peter's eyes up and made him so beautiful, that was gone now. Instead, Peter's eyes just stared up at the ceiling of their small room, blankly. Tom brushed his fingertips over his eyelids, gently, shutting Peter's eyes. He wondered what the last thing it was that Peter had seen. Was it Tom, wrapping the bathrobe sash around his neck? Was it the ugly, plain walls of the cabin? Tom lay like that, spooning himself against Peter, wrapping Peter's arms around his waist. Tom closed his eyes and clung to Peter's hands, searching for a little guidance. \"I'm so sorry,\" he whispered, kissing Peter's knuckles. \"I'm so so sorry, Peter. . . Please forgive me, please forgive. . .me.\" As he lay like that, pressed against Peter's chest, he closed his eyes. But Tom found that he was no longer alone. Dickie, submerged in water, stared out at Tom with dead, hollow eyes. Reptilian Freddy Miles, thick lips twisted into an eternal grimace, blood soaking through his cap. And Peter, sweet, innocent Peter. His Peter. His Peter. - - - Dusk was quickly giving way to night, when Tom dragged the heavy steamer trunk out onto the deck. Not a star was out in the sky, and Tom shivered, feeling the cold, biting wind lap at his skin. He dragged the trunk to the railing and paused a minute, sitting down a moment to catch his breath, before continuing his task. He turned the trunk onto its side and heaved it over the railing, waiting for the splash of water, as it made contact with the ocean below. \"Good bye, Peter,\" Tom whispered, curling his fingers into a half-wave, the tears staining his cheeks. \"You deserved so much more. So much more than me.\" He pulled his coat tight around his shoulders, Peter's score tucked under his arm, and headed back for his cabin. *********** the end. - Salsa ","Summary":" Title: Darkness Ascending Author: Just Alex Email: Salsashark30@aol.com Fandom: The Talented Mr. Ri"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Not Whole For Love","Author":"LadyBush","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2184355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The Talented Mr Ripley is a novel by Patricia Highsmith. The film is directed by Anthony Minghella. Dedication: For Jack Davenport, who really is beautiful. ' Soul, surrendering your soul, the heart in you not whole for love, but love walked on, cast into the dawn, branded with the mark. Oh, shame of Cain.' -Lullaby for Cain, Sinead O'Connor Not Whole For Love It was a gamble and it failed. No, that isn't entirely true. For one thing, the initial gamble worked. I entered the poker game with a pearl necklace (found on the sidewalk) and I left the game with a pearl necklace and a second-class ticket to Italy. I was unemployed at the time. Hell, I was nearly always unemployed. I could feel myself sliding into the blackness of depression. Demons were consuming me: self-hatred, poverty, failure, anger… I had been at my lowest ebb when I found the pearl necklace glimmering on the sidewalk and seeking to double my money, I went straight away to the nearest bar and inquired after poker games. I didn't win any money, in fact, but I did end up with a ticket on a ship leaving the next morning. I figured that it would be easy enough to earn Italian. A charming young man, English speaking, would be indispensable in a hotel. Anything had to be better than unemployment in New York. So I packed one suitcase with books, sheet music, a couple of different ties, a toothbrush, my blunt razor and the few remnants of clothes I possessed. I pawned the pearl necklace for fifty dollars, which was half its real value, but it must have been apparent to the pawnbroker that I was not in a situation to haggle. In the end, however, the gamble still failed. I couldn't find work in San Remo where I initially went, so I moved onto Rome where I likewise failed. Venice was something of a last ditch effort. I spent all my money on the train fare and wandered despondently round hotels for eleven hours requesting interviews with English speakers. It was November 29th at that point and all the American tourists had long since gone home. No one wanted me. It was six O'clock when I gave up and I hadn't eaten since breakfast the previous day. The light-headedness that had sustained me during my quest for work had vanished to be replaced by melancholy and hunger cramps. I considered all the ways I could commit suicide and decided that slitting my wrists would be ideal. I'd pondered killing myself before but this was the first time I had actually pressed a razor to my wrist until the pale skin stretched over the web of blue-purple veins. But I couldn't do it. Feeling more of a failure than ever before I sought out the cathedral and prepared to ask for divine intervention. I sat on my suitcase and stared across at the cathedral, preparing to go inside and present myself to God. The hunger cramps were less sharp now; it was more like a dull, omnipresent ache. I must have sat there for hours, certainly by the time I moved it was late afternoon- the time of day that Venice was at its most beautiful. I watched a man enter the cathedral. He was tall, with dark hair, too pale to be Italian. \"To be that man,\" I murmured, watching the dark-haired man disappear into the depths of the cathedral. I decided he was rich, probably a tourist, certainly not hungry like me. I turned away from the cathedral. I had changed my mind about turning to God; God was for men who could afford Him, men like my rich tourist. They have something to be grateful for; I had nothing but a suitcase of books and sheet music and no piano to play on. I picked up my suitcase and began to walk. I hummed as I walked, in an attempt to keep my spirits up. \"Beethoven, fifth symphony,\" said a British voice behind me. I spun round and found myself looking at my cathedral tourist. \"Do you play?\" \"Piano,\" I answered. \"How did you know I spoke English?\" He smiled softly. \"I'm surrounded by Italians, all day, everyday. One learns to spot an ally, as it were.\" Not a tourist after all , I thought. \"You're American, I take it?\" he asked, giving me a warm smile. \"Boston,\" I said. \"Then New York.\" \"I've never been.\" There was an awkward silence. My stomach growled loudly. He was English so, of course, he ignored it. \"You were in the cathedral,\" I said. \"I do choir practices there,\" he answered the non-existent question. \"Oh.\" \"Peter Smith-Kingsley,\" he said, offering me his hand. I took the hand; noticed that it was a nice hand- a pianist's hand. \"Tom Ripley,\" I introduced myself. \"On vacation.\" I gave him what I judged to be a warm smile. Small talk was over, introductions had been made and it was time for an invitation to dinner. \"It really is wonderful to hear English,\" said Peter. He glanced back at the cathedral as though seeking divine inspiration. \"Will you come to dinner?\" he asked. \"That is if you haven't already made plans… Which you probably have… But if you haven't then-\" \"I'd love to,\" I said. It was perfectly true; I was absolutely starving. And that leads me to the other reason why my gamble was not a failure: it lead to me meeting Peter. I made him laugh, that was what I noticed first. He laughed when I ordered more food than an average person would eat in a day, he laughed when I pretended to choke on the wine, he laughed when I told him funny stories about my life in New York in my penthouse apartment and my troubled relationship with my millionaire businessman father. He laughed especially loudly (and I can't really blame him for this) when I tried to send my compliments to the chef via a waitor and ended up saying 'would you tell the chef I am happy he cooked me'. \"Perhaps you could teach me some Italian,\" I said jokingly. He, however, took me to be serious. \"I may just take you up on that.\" I smiled, a little nervously. That leads me onto the second thing I noticed: that he looked at me differently to how men usually looked at other men. He looked at me like he was attracted to me; whether physically or mentally I didn't know. I wondered whether he was queer. What I did know, however, was that I liked it. When I looked up from my food to find his eyes on me, I felt this warm tingling inside. I felt wanted. At the end of the evening I pretended to reach into the inner pocket of my jacket. \"Damn,\" I said, pretending to be surprised at the lack of wallet there. \"Forgotten it?\" he asked, still smiling and still studying me. I apologised profusely, faked embarrassment and that was the end of the matter. He didn't care. Money was of no consequence to him. \"Will you meet me at Café Felipe for breakfast,\" he asked as we parted. \"Of course,\" I said, suggesting ten O'clock. \"I could show you some of the galleries here. The art is incredible.\" Iaccepted the invitation gladly. He went home and I prepared for an uncomfortable night in a shop doorway. I put on a new tie in the hope that it made my outfit appear different and desperately smoothed out the creases of my jacket. Then I strolled through the narrow streets, waiting for the time of our meeting and preparing more stories about my life in America. It was all an invention, of course. I had already decided that Peter Smith-Kingsley was my lifeline; the person who could pull me out of the abyss of poverty. I only had to ensure that he believed I was one of them : rich- a gentleman in more than manners. I made sure I was fashionably late for our meeting. It wouldn't have done to appear over-eager. The café was small and delightfully Italian. We sat outside, although the sun had not yet brought warmth to the day and Peter ordered pastries of the gooey, sugary sort. \"I've been robbed,\" I told him, pretending to be upset. \"How terrible!\" he exclaimed, neglecting to lick a cluster of sugar from his bottom lip. \"What's been taken?\" \"My wallet,\" I said. \"Oh,\" he said. It was a subtle enquiry as to how much was in my wallet. An invitation I could refuse if I wished to. \"All my money's gone- nearly seven hundred dollars,\" I lied. He looked genuinely horrified. \"Whatever I can do to help I will,\" he pledged. \"I'll write my father immediately,\" I reassured him. \"What can I do?\" \"Buy me breakfast,\" I suggested, giving him a winning grin. And he was won. I was certain he was queer now- he liked me, of that I was also certain. And I was a little dismayed to find that I wanted him as more than just my lifeline. \"I don't hide what I am. Not from my friends, anyway,\" Peter said, after we had each eaten three pastries. \"And what are you?\" I asked, although I thought I knew by now what he was going to say. He laughed, maybe a little nervously. \"You're going to make me say it, aren't you?\" He paused, looked down at the crumbs on his plate. \"I'm a –God, it sounds so clinical- homosexual.\" He dared to look up at me. I couldn't resist. What's that saying that girls have? Treat him mean; keep him keen. \"And you want me to be your friend?\" I said. He looked down again. His fingers slipped on the buttons as he tried to fasten his coat. \"It does bother you? Ah. Forgive me,\" he said, his voice sounding small. \"I miscalculated. Forgive me. I shall not trouble you again.\" He moved to get up. His chair scraped along the floor but I grabbed his arm, a little too harshly I think, for he cried out softly. \"That would be a shame,\" I said quietly. There was utter confusion written plainly across his face but he settled back in his chair. \"I'm afraid I don't follow-\" \"You would like me as a friend,\" I said, not intoning it a question although he answered it as one, anyway. \"I would.\" \"And nothing more?\" It could have been relief that showed in his brown eyes but I like to think it was something more. Hope, perhaps? \"Nothing, I promise you,\" he said. Suddenly, I was hit with this irrational urge to be cruel- to hurt him. \"I do not want to be your friend.\" Yes, the hurt he felt was visible. He began fumbling in his pockets, counting out silver coins. \"This should cover the bill,\" he said and there was a tremor in his voice. The sound of the coins as they clattered to the tabletop was eerily loud. \"I want to be your lover.\" He froze and (I obviously deserved this) I thought that I had made some dreadful mistake; that it was in fact I who had miscalculated. Then he seemed to recover his wits and my anguish was over. He took a deep breath, gestured over a waiter and requested the bill. I remember liking the sound of his voice as he spoke Italian. \"Damned Italians take forever with the bill,\" he said, laughing slightly. He brushed his leg against mine under the table. It was the most he could do in a public place but to me the touch was electrical. \"I feel-\" I tried to begin but he shushed me. The waiter appeared with the bill. He glared at us suspiciously. \"Come on,\" said Peter. We walked away from the café, felt the waiter's eyes burning into our backs. Then we rounded the corner and I grabbed his hand and we began to run through the streets, laughing like schoolboys. For once I managed to forget who I was; I forgot about my nightmares, my fantasies, forgot that I was a bad person. We ran a long way and ended up on a pier. The sun was beginning to show itself in its full brightness and it made the canal's water glitter. Peter was bent over double panting and I laughed at him. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The Talented Mr Ripley is a novel by Patricia Highsmith. The film is directed by Anthon"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"The Betrayer","Author":"Rainy D","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1711720","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Betrayer By RD [Do you trust me?] says Tom. [What sort of question is that?] says Peter. [Well, do you?] Peter trusts Tom with his life. Which is certainly something, since theynonly met a few months ago. No, wait. It's more than that, even. Peterntrusts Tom with his heart. After all, that's how it is when you lovensomeone. [Of course.] Tom looks at the floor for a very long time, and swirls the wine in hisnglass indistinctly. [Maybe you shouldn't.] ","Summary":" The Betrayer By RD [Do you trust me?] says Tom. [What sort of question is that?] says Peter. [Well,"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Submerged","Author":"Beckalina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/492054","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Submerged 1/1 Author: Becky Warnings: Mentions of character rndeaths, character death, implied slash. Spoilers: The whole rnmovie Disclaimer: While the story is mine, the characters and dialogue belong rnto Miramax, Anthony Minghella, and Patricia Highsmith. It would do you no good rnto sue a poor college student. Notes: This might help those who haven't seen rnthe movie understand the mentionings of the cellar; \"Don't you put the past in a rnroom, in the cellar, and just never go in there? Because that's what I do.\" (Tom rnRipley) Also, while the movie never says that Tom had anything to do with rnSilvana's death, I had an idea and I ran with it. --------- Water was sloshing against the boat, and the sound rnseemed to soothe Tom Ripley. He closed his eyes, Peter's last words running rnthrough his mind. The tone of his voice had been as soothing as the water now rnwas - until the cord wrapped around his neck and cut off his precious air rnsupply. If only he had never borrowed that jacket, his life would be the rnway it had been before he met the Greenleafs - boring, but simple. Tom's eyes rnwandered over his surroundings, seeing but not comprehending. The cabin was rndark, the bed he sat on soft under his body. Tom saw none of it, felt none of rnit. He could only hear the sloshing of the water, Peter's voice echoing in his rnhead. Water held his secrets, like the proverbial cellar that he would rnnever find his way out of. It started rather simply. The Italian girl had merely rnslipped, fallen into the water on her own. Tom hadn't killed Silvana, he just rnlet her slip under the water. He had even meant to save her, but watched her rnflail helplessly a bit too long. She sank below the depths before he could force rnhimself to move. He reasoned that it was too late then. He hadn't wanted rnto hurt Dickie, either. He loved Dickie, he idolized him. Dickie had the perfect rnlife. He did what he pleased, he had money, a beautiful girlfriend. He was beautiful. Tom wanted nothing more than to be allowed to indulge himself in rnthe life that the other man lead. He'd known that Dickie was irritable, that he rnwas quick to snap at a person and say something that could almost be considered rncruel. It had happened to him before. The blood - there had been so much rnof it. He could still feel the warm droplets falling onto his face during the rnstruggle. All he had wanted to do was be Dickie's friend, to be loved by him in rnany way that was deemed possible. But he wasn't loved. No, he was practically rndespised. The first blow had been an act of passion, the following struggle an rnact of survival - he was certain that Dickie would kill him. The final rnblows, the ones that snuffed out the life he held more dearly than his own, had rnbeen an act of fear. If he hadn't kept hitting the man, he would've let his rnbiggest secret of all slip out. Freddie had been a pleasure to be rid rnof. He was so coarse, so boorish. Tom never had been able to stand the imbecile. rnHe couldn't bear to let himself be found out. It would have been the worst thing rnto ever happen to him. Of course, Freddie wasn't entirely a secret, as his body rnhad been found. If only Tom had been able to drop the corpse into the sea. Water rndid so well at concealing his secrets. All Tom wanted out of life was to rnbe loved. The lifestyle he'd lived since first coming to Italy - the money - it rnwas transitory. While it was nice, it didn't matter. Peter could have loved him. \"Tom has someone to love him.\" Peter had loved him, hadn't rnhe? Peter would have found out, discovered the darkness in the cellar. He rnwouldn't have loved him, then. Wrapping the cord around his neck had been hard - rneven harder than watching the helpless girl drown right before his eyes. Harder rnthan hitting Freddie with the Hadrian bust. Harder than listening to the sound rnof the oar making contact with Dickie's skull. \"If I could just go rnback,\" he whispered to himself, \"If I could rub everything out. Starting with rnmyself. Starting with borrowing a jacket.\" The sky was an inky dark blue rnas Tom stepped out on to the deserted deck, stars sparkled brightly, the moon rnreflecting on the water. Somewhere in the distance, Peter's body lay in the rndepths of the indigo hued sea, the water once again holding Tom's secret. The rnspray of the sea misted his face, adding more moisture to his already damp eyes. He couldn't be Tom any longer - he hadn't really been Tom for rnmost of his stay in Italy. He couldn't be Dickie Greeleaf, either. Dickie was rndead. Lost somewhere at the bottom of the sea. Tom was what he had always rnbelieved himself to be. A nobody - only now, it was completely true. He was nobody. He'd lost himself in the cellar, lost himself to the water. Tom leaned flush against the railing, staring out over the sea. His eyes rnclosed as he gripped the metal, his body shaking. He'd always wanted to be rnsomebody. Somebody who was special, somebody who was loved. He was nothing, he'd rnmurdered his chance of love. He'd murdered himself a long time ago, when rnhe let Silvana drown. When the water and Tom Ripley claimed their first victim. rnHe was nobody. Ten minutes later, a pair of glasses lay discarded on the rndeck, right next to the railing. The sea was calm, smooth. Tom Ripley's very rnlast secret was concealed in its depths. He would forever be a nobody. \"I suppose I always thought - it's better to be a fake somebody rnthan a real nobody.\" ","Summary":" Title: Submerged 1/1 Author: Becky Warnings: Mentions of character rndeaths, character death, impli"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Reflection","Author":"Marla Singer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/267765","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reflection My sincere apologies to Patricia Highsmith and Anthony Minghella for stealing their characters. I also apologise for the way I sapped this up. It's to do with the syrup in my veins. ***** Before Italy, before Dickie, there was New York. New York and its menial jobs, basement apartments and a want of a better life. I wanted because there wasn't any money for a proper education. I wasn't allowed the luxury of having a role model to cheer me to success. It is possible to overcome the obstacles of poverty if you're determined enough. You can arrive in America with only a dollar to your name and still struggle to the top. It has been done before. But I never was that brave for that long. You find yourself stuck in the desperate jobs that you told yourself were only temporary. Before you know it, it's three years later and everything you dreamed of starts to dissolve into the smug grins of the businessmen who populate the bathroom you work in. That's when the bitterness starts to eat away at your already fragile self esteem, and you avoid looking into mirrors because it hurts too much. If you're lucky, you stumble onto some small bits of happiness - reading a terrific book, playing Bach on the concert hall piano after hours. It's the big things, the life changing things, that have a way of avoiding you. One day, and it's always unexpected, opportunity presents itself. It's more complicated than you'd have liked, but it doesn't matter because it's a way out. Finally, they've given you a turn. You've evolved into someone important and it feels great. The fear of returning to the failure you once were causes strange things to pop out of your mouth. Introducing yourself as someone you're not to complete strangers seems like a good idea. You think, 'It's only a game. This will never mean anything.' Playing make believe is only a way of letting the important people think that you are important too. Except now, it does mean something. I couldn't have foreseen the trouble posing as Dickie would ultimately cause. It was fun at first, turning myself into the ideal Dickie, having all the things I once wanted so desperately. If it wasn't for Freddie Miles, I suppose I could have went on living as Dickie. I'd have to disappear to another country, but the life of well meaning still could've belonged to me. Freddie's murder forced me back into the supporting role of Tom Ripley. I would have never been able to return to the person I used to be without Peter. He's the only reason I have to stop pretending. There was no need for false credentials, no jazz music to study, in order to gain his approval. Sure, I had to hide a few things, but Peter allows me to be the unsure, daydreamy person I used to be before the bitterness set in. The only thing I want now is Peter. I want to have conversations with him that last for hours in crowded street cafes. I want to be able to listen to his music anytime of the day. I want to make him smile, because he's beautiful when he does. If it's at all possible, I want him to want me too. It was turning out well. Peter and I were on our way to Greece together when Dickie returned. Rather, Meredith, who knows me only as Dickie, has returned. And now, I'm sitting in my cabin alone with a choice. I could resurrect Dickie and run away with Meredith to some out of the way place and return to the confidence and ease that comes with living as him. Or I could lie to Peter this one last time and try to be happy the hard way, by being myself. ***** The first thing I notice as I step inside Peter's cabin is the tension. It isn't because of my trying to hide the encounter with Meredith. Looking at Peter on the bed, I notice he's only pretending to read his score, and when he speaks, his voice is full of hurt. \"Was that Meredith you were kissing?\" Honest, direct to the point - things I will never be. I feel the panic rising as I struggle to come up with a plausible excuse. Words fumble out. \"I'd hardly call that kissing.\" Peter sighs miserably. \"It didn't look that way, you know, from a distance.\" Of course it didn't look that way, but how can I explain that I was someone else at the time. Just when I think the pit in my stomach is about to swallow me, I see it. A safe way in. I sit beside him on the bed. He looks up and I notice the awful combination of confusion and betrayal in his eyes. Please let this work, otherwise... \"It was nothing. Really. I'll show you.\" I bend down to his mouth with the intention of leaving a tamer version of the Meredith kiss. As our lips meet, the jolt of realisation that kissing Peter is much more pleasant shocks me into staying a bit longer than I intended. I break away reluctantly, but in order for this to work, I have to show him what he saw up on deck wasn't special. \"And this is what a real kiss would look like.\" I descend to his mouth again, and this time, the kiss means something. Peter's involved now, and I lose myself in his softness completely forgetting why I needed a demonstration. Peter breaks away and mumbles something pleasantly. I don't hear it - I'm still knocked out from that kiss. \"I'm not sure why I kissed Meredith. She said she saw us together, and I panicked.\" I say, and it makes perfect sense. \"I think it's time you stopped worrying what other people think.\" Peter says. I watch as a dazzling grin expands on his face. \"So, there's an 'us' you're trying to hide?\" \"Yes. Well, I was hoping there was.\" I put my head next to his on the pillow. I'm in shock. Something's actually working out for me. Now if I can get us to stay in here without having to seeing Meredith, everything will be okay. As Peter moves to kiss me again, I'm filled with the assurance that it will. End. ","Summary":" Reflection My sincere apologies to Patricia Highsmith and Anthony Minghella for stealing their char"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Pour le sourire d'un ange","Author":"Ailin-'O","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1571514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Auteur : Amy Shinomori Base : The talented Mr. Ripley Titre : Pour le sourire d'un ange. Genre : Slash Setting : après la scène finale. Note : @+#%& de film ! j'aime pas quand ça fini mal ! Et pis à la fin, j'avé envie de lui éclater la tronche à coup de massue 5000 tonnes à Matt Damon ! On ne tue pas Jack Davenport ! c Sacrilège ! Note (bis) : la chanson c'est encore Muse. Bliss Feedback : Amyshinomori@hotmail.com Pour le sourire d'un ange. Everything about you is how I'd wanna be Your freedom comes naturally Everything about you resonates happiness Now I won't settle for less Give me All the peace and joy in your mind Lentes, les larmes roulent. je ne les sens pas.nBrûlante, accusatrice, la pâle lumière de la lune jette sur moi ses finsnrayons, jette sur Peter un voile terne, pâle. Je vois encore. La courbe délicate de ses lèvres lorsqu'il souriait. L'étincelle malicieuse qui éclairait ses yeux. L'infinie tendresse qu'il portait dans son regard. Mais c'est fini, révolu tout cela. la ceinture s'est tendue contre sanpeau soyeuse, a enlacé son cou fragile, et s'est subitement resserré. monnpauvre ange ne se méfiait de rien. cette confiance, cette douceur, ellesnl'ont tué tout autant que je l'ai fait. Peter, mon Peter. l'homme qui me promettait d'un simple regard amour,ndouceur et réconfort. l'homme qui tenait en sa main ma rédemption. Plus rien n'a de sens. plus rien. si je pouvais gommer tout ce quins'est passé depuis que j'ai emprunté ce blouson. si je pouvais ne serai-cenqu'effacer cette soirée. revenir en arrière, de quelques heures à peine.nMais il est trop tard. bien trop tard. je m'étais juré de ne jamais luinfaire de mal. Peter, mon amour. il était tout ce que j'ai toujours voulutnêtre. doux, compréhensif, aimant. O combien aimant. Il en était même venu à dire qu'il m'aimait. j'aurais voulut luinrépondre. le dire à quel point je partageais son sentiment. j'y ai songé.nj'y ai songé si fort. j'aurais voulut lui dire à quel point il m'étaitncher. à quel point je le trouvais beau, rassurant. parfait. Seigneur, il méritait mieux, tellement mieux, mon pauvre ange.npourquoi !? Pourquoi ai-je encore tout gâché !? Nous aurions put êtrenheureux. il aurait put me tirer des ténèbres, les percer de son immaculéenlumière. mon amour.nTout en lui respirait la joie, la sagesse. tout en lui symbolisait lanperfection. Peter. Peter qui a sut ramener un sourire sur mon visage. Peter qui ansut éclairer mon c?ur, chasser les démons loin de mes rêves. Peter qui ansut m'aimer avec tout mes défauts, quand Dieu sait qu'il sont nombreux. MonnPeter. Plus rien n'a de sens sans toi. plus rien. tu a aspirer avec tointoutes les couleurs, tout les attraits de cette vie. tu a emporté tonnsourire loin de moi. Seigneur, je ne voulais pas ! Je ne voulais pas ! Seigneur.npourquoi. ? je casse tout ce que je touche. je ne suis personne, personne.net je ne méritais pas d'avoir quelqu'un comme toi à mes cotés. je ne méritenrien. rien d'autre que la souffrance éternelle qui m'apportera sûrementnl'enfer. que m'apportera sûrement cet acide. Oui, il va dissoudre, dissoudre tout ce qui n'appartiendra jamais ànpersonne d'autre. personne d'autre que toi. il va ronger au plus profond denmoi et laver mes pécher. il va te venger, mon amour. je vais te venger. « Tom m'étouffe. Tom. m'étouffe. Tom. » N'ai crainte mon petit ange. bientôt tu ne seras plus seul dans lesnténèbres. mon merveilleux petit ange. Give me All the peace and joy in your mind I want the peace and joy in your mind Give me the peace and joy in your mind Je me réveille en sursaut, le c?ur battant, le regard alerte, couvertn de sueur et jette un regard alentour. la pièce, toujours cette sordidencabine, toujours cet horrible ressac au gré des vagues qui se fracassentncontre la coque, semble vide. tout est calme. si calme. trop. trop calme. Seigneur, seigneur priai-je. seigneur dite-moi que ce ne fut qu'unnrêve, un atroce rêve. je baisse doucement les yeux vers l'autre extrémiténde la pièce, juste sur le lit de l'ange qui partage ma cabine.nUn long soupire glisse entre mes lèvres. Peter est là, sa forme délicate sendécoupe dans la pénombre, soulevée de temps à autres par sa respirationnlente et régulière. Tu respires. mon ange.nJe me redresse doucement et viens m'asseoir sur le bord de son lit, justenderrière lui. il s'est encore endormis sur ses partitions, les bras croisésnsous son visage. Un sourire attendrit joue sur mes lèvres. je retire doucement lesnfeuilles cartonnées de son oreiller et remonte la couverture sur sesnlongues jambes, sur ses cuisses et ses jolies petites fesses. je passentendrement le dos de ma mains dans le creux de ses reins, je trace lancourbe de son dos, si parfaitement dessinée, ses omoplates et ses épaulesnlarges, puissantes, avant de finir sur sa nuque, pâle, douce, fragile et denglisser prudemment mes doigts dans ses courts cheveux d'ébène. Si beau. sa seule vision suffit à gommer les dernières images de monncauchemar. « hum. Tommy. ? Tu es réveillé ? Qu'est-ce qu'il se passe, grimace-t-il ennse redressant doucement. Rien, je. j'ai juste fais un mauvais rêve. Il incline légèrement son visage angélique vers moi, l'air inquiet,navant de poser ses mains sur les miennes, juste sur mes genoux. Tu veux en parler, demande-t-il, souriant d'un air rassurant. ça peut tenfaire du bien de parler un peu.nNon, je. j'ai déjà oublié en fait.nEt bien je vois que je sers au moins à quelque chose, sourit-il en passantnsa main sur ma joue, les yeux à demi fermés. tu veux retourner te coucher ?nou aller faire un tour dehors peut-être. ?nTu ne vas pas dormir toi ?nNon, baille-t-il en se redressant. j'ai des gammes à réviser. mais j'ainquand même le temps d'aller parler un peu sur le pont si tu veux. qu'ennpenses tu ?nJe pense que tu es vraiment un ange avec moi, Peter. » Nous finissons rapidement d'enfiler nos vêtements avant de quitter lancabine. Dieu seul sait pourquoi, avant de sortir, j'ai emmené avec moi unenvielle ceinture de peignoir. celle de Peter. Everything about you resonates happiness Now I won't settle for less Le vent souffle sur le pont, le soleil se lève à peine sur une mernrelativement calme, personne en vue. Je m'avance doucement vers Peter quins'est installé sur la barrière. ses cheveux s'agitent souplement dans lanbrise fraîche du matin, son visage est à demi masqué par le col roulé noirnqui rappel tant leur couleur et tranche de façon si gracieuse sur la peaunpâle de ses joues. son regard est perdu dans l'horizon, ses lèvresndélicates tendrement étirées par un sourire rêveur. « C'est magnifique, soupire-t-il sans détacher ses yeux du levé de soleil. Mille fois moins que toi, murmurai-je.nQuoi ?nRien. » Songeur, il se tait. c'est si doux, si calme. je me perd lentementndans la contemplation de cette inimitable silhouette. il semble si délicatndans son large pull noir. Perdu dans mes pensée j'ai enroulé la ceinture autour de ma main. « J'aime regarder le soleil se lever quand je suis en mer, avoue-t-il toutnbas, comme pour lui même. Mais je sais que c'est à moi qu'il s'adresse, à qui d'autre. ?noui.nC'est infiniment plus beau que de le voir se coucher, tu ne trouves pas ?nJe suppose, soufflai-je en me rapprochant un peu plus, serrant fort lanceinture autour de ma main.nPour moi, le coucher du soleil c'est quelque chose de merveilleux qui prendnfin, comme un rêve qui s'achève pour ne renaître que de longues heures plusntard avec le retour de la lumière. » C'est si bon de l'entendre parler ainsi. si romantique. je l'aimentant. « Peter.nOui, sourit-il en se tournant vers moi.nTu n'as jamais eut l'impression de vivre une vie qui n'est pas la tienne ?nQu'est-ce que tu veux dire par là ?nJe veux dire. l'impression qu'une vie empruntée à un autre valait mieuxnqu'une vie honnête et insignifiante. moi j'ai l'impression de ne riennreprésenter en restant moi-même.nTom.nJe ne suis rien. c'est insupportable à dire, mais je n'ai jamais éténpersonne.nTom ! Qu'est-ce que, s'indigne-t-il en m'attrapant par les épaules. tu disnn'importe quoi ! Biensure que tu es quelqu'un ! qu'est-ce qui te prend.nPourquoi alors ai-je l'impression d'être si vide quand je suis moi, sifflai-nje.nTommy.nToi, tu. tu as une vie. tu as des amis, une famille.nJe n'ai rien de plus que toi, Tom.nSi ! Toi tu es quelqu'un !nArrêtes Tom, c'est ridicule. tu ES quelqu'un. Et même si tu n'étaisneffectivement personne aux yeux des autres, tu resterai toujours mon ami,nmon Tom à moi.nPeter. Dis-moi. dis-moi ce que tu aimes chez moi. » Un long soupire lui échappe. il me tourne lentement le dos et senremet à fixer l'horizon. épuisé, je pose calmement ma joue dans son dos. « Ce que j'aime chez toi, sourit-il. ça risque de prendre un peu de temps. Il s'affaisse un peu plus sur la barrière qui le sépare des flots.nTom est talentueux. Tom est gentil. Tom a des secrets qu'il ne veut pas menconfier. j'espère qu'il le fera. » Sa voix se fait douce, si douce et il se met lentement à trembler.nmon poing se serre autour de la ceinture. Peter. je voudrais garder ànjamais ce souvenir. je la déroule, doucement. « Tom fait des cauchemars et ça, c'est une mauvaise chose. Tom a quelqu'unnqui l'aime. et ça. c'est une bonne chose. » Les larmes naissent dans mes yeux. c'est moi qui tremble maintenant,nc'est moi qui pleure en m'accrochant désespérément à lui.n« Tom m'étouffe, gémit-il. Tom. Tu. » Les larmes roulent avec lenteur de mes joues à sa nuque. « Peter. Je t'aime. » Je pousse un long soupire et me détend. je le serre, si fort. toutncontre moi. mon amour. « Tom.» Au dessus de nous, la ceinture grise s'envole, portée par le vent.nelle glisse gracieusement sur l'horizon et s'écrase finalement sur l'eaunbaignée des milles rayons du soleil levant. Avec elle, sombrent tout mes démons, tout mes cauchemars. jamais jenne te ferai de mal mon ange. « Je t'aime Tom Ripley, souffle-t-il en se retournant pour me fairenface... » Il attrape doucement mon visage entre ses mains et plonge un regardnplein de tendresse dans le mien avant d'effleurer délicatement mes lèvresndes siennes. une douce chaleur se repend en moi, l'éclatante lumière de monnpetit ange efface enfin tout les maux, toutes les souffrances. Plus jamais mes mains ne goutterons le sang d'un être aimé. car jenn'aimerai jamais personne d'autre et je ne me permettrai jamais de lenblesser. « Je ne te laisserai jamais, souffle-t-il. jamais. » Give me All the peace and joy in your mind I want the peace and joy in your mind Give me the peace and joy in your mind Il a. Essuyé toutes les larmes de mes yeux fatigués. Effacé tout les maux, toute la douleur. Baigné ma vie entière de lumière alors que jentrempais dans les ténèbres avant de le connaître. Il a réussit là où tout les autres ont échoué. Il m'a aimé et a sus attiser mon amour. -Finis- Sursaut post-mortem de la folle. Amy, dans un vieux labo poussiéreux et mal éclairé, vêtue d'un blousen blanche tachée de rouge : Mwahahahahaha ! Je vous avais dit que je ne le laisserai pas mourir ! Non, Jack Davenport ne deviendra jamais un Craign Parker (oui, vous savez le mec qui meurt dans tt ses films. Bellerophon, Haldir) n'empêche j'ai quand même réussit la résurrection. Spéciale dédicace à Popo qui a joué un grand rôle ds cette fic (oui, c ellen qui a loué la cassette au vidéo club.) et à Poucinette (Anaïs) qui ne liran probablement jamais ceci. enfin sauf si je l'imprime pr la rentrée. je vous adore les filles ^^ Et pis si quelqu'un à des commentaires, n'hésitez pas ! ou si vous voulezn juste parler aussi. je sais que g pas l'air bien sympathique mais bon, je fais de mon mieux ^^. Ah et puis je suppose que si vous lisez ça c que vous avez fini la fic, donc merci d'avoir tenu jusqu'au bout. yiha ! c le cri du dahu ! M'en vais écrire un limon pr me calmer les nerfs. ","Summary":" Auteur : Amy Shinomori Base : The talented Mr. Ripley Titre : Pour le sourire d'un ange. Genre : Sl"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Checkmate","Author":"pirateship","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/991892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: My first Ripley piece and it'srnso short. It's just a drabble, I know. Also, it's a little AU. Please review?rn*hopeful look* Checkmate Tom Ripley always carefullyrnchose where to put his pieces in chess. He wasn't like Dickie, who moved almostrnwithout thinking, headlong into the game. Dickie always lost, and sometimes Tomrnwondered if he did it on purpose. Hernskillfully moved his bishop forward, eyeing the pieces carefully. They lookedrnlike ivory, but Tom knew better. They were marble. \"Thesernmust have cost a fortune,\" he thought ruefully. Tomrndipped his hand into the warm emerald water, pursing his lips as it slidrninvisible and wet over his fingers, watching Dickie contemplate his next move.rnHe couldn't help but look at his friend's bare chest, his neck, his jaw, andrnfinally his face. Dickie Greenleaf was beautiful. Tom Ripley wanted him. TomrnRipley wanted to be him. Hernwatched as Dickie's face lit up and those blue eyes locked with his own. Dickiernmade a triumphant little noise, as if he knew he had won the game, andrnconfidently moved his king. He smirked up at Tom. \"Yourncan't do that,\" Tom protested, almost teasing and chuckling softly. \"You justrnmoved your king into check.\" Dickie just licked his lips. \"Irnknow.\" ","Summary":" Author's Notes: My first Ripley piece and it'srnso short. It's just a drabble, I know. Also, it's a"},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"What Love Is","Author":"Karen Cecil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1865672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Tom is talented.\" Peter. \"Tom is tender.\" I love Peter. \"Tom is beautiful.\" \"You're such a liar.\" \"Tom is a mystery.\" No, I'm in love with Peter. I thought I was in love with Dickie. When he looked at me, I felt like the center of the universe, but when he looked away I was lost in the blur of the scenery. When Peter looks at me, there is nothing else. There is no scenery to get lost in. We're the only two people who do - who will ever - exist. And now he has to die. I have to kill him. I'm in love with Peter. How can I say that? What have I become? I made a mess of being Dickie Greenleaf and now I've made a mess of being Tom Ripley. I can't even be myself anymore. I don't know who I am anymore. Tom wouldn't kill Peter. But Tom wouldn't kill Dickie either. Tom did kill Dickie. I killed Dickie. I am Dickie. I killed myself. \"Tom is a mystery.\" When he speaks, I can feel his words passing through his body into mine. I can feel the vibration, I can feel the muscles in his back shifting, I can feel how much he loves me. I can feel how much I love him. \"Tom is not a nobody.\" I can't love him. For God's sake, I'm about to kill him. You don't kill the one you love, that's just not how it's done. \"Tom has secrets he doesn't want to tell me, and I wish he would.\" He'd accept it. He'd see how much I love him, and he'll play along. He'll stay down here the rest of the trip and everything will be okay. Meredith will never know. He'll be okay. Then we can move to somewhere that no one knows Dickie Greenleaf or Tom Ripley and we'll get a place and I'll go to Peter's concerts and he can pick his way through my dark, demon-filled rooms because he'll always have the key and the darkness will never touch his light. We'll live happily ever after. \"Tom has nightmares.\" If I do this, I'll never sleep again. Not that I sleep that well now. I'd see Peter every night. Not that it would be a bad thing. I think I'd enjoy seeing Peter every night. I think I'd enjoy seeing him every moment of my life. But not like that. He'd hate me. \"That's not a good thing.\" I couldn't bear it if Peter were to hate me. \"Tom has someone to love him.\" I love you, too, Peter. I love you so much. \"That is a good thing.\" The tie is in my hands, all I have to do is... \"Tom is crushing me.\" \"No.\" \"What?\" Smile. He'll know something's wrong. \"Could you say that last part again?\" \"Tom is crushing me.\" He's playing with me. No one's ever played with me before. Not like this. \"The part before that.\" \"Tom has someone to love him.\" \"Say it again.\" I love to hear it. \"Tom has someone to love him.\" He loves to say it. He sits up and pulls me into his arms. He doesn't have to do much pulling. \"Tom has someone to love him. Tom has someone who will never leave him. Tom has someone who will always come home to him, and will wait with baited breath until he returns. Tom has someone who will always call wherever he is home.\" I'm crying now. I can't remember when I started; I can't remember a time when the tears didn't fall freely. It feels like I've never been happy before. \"Tom has someone who doesn't care about his past.\" He has no idea. I hope he has no idea. I don't want innocent, gentle Peter to ever know what I really am. \"Tom has someone who will stay in his cabin for the rest of the trip if only Tom will ask again.\" He pulls me closer. I didn't think I could get any closer to Peter. I don't think I could ever get close enough. His arms tighten around me, promising me he'll never let go. I feel his lips against my hair - he's never kissed me before. My heart feels like it's going to explode and I cry even harder; even I don't know if the tears are from sorrow or joy. \"And these are all,\" his voice cracks, he's crying too,\" very good things.\" I pull myself closer, burying my face against his chest, \"Very good things.\" I don't know how long it takes, but Peter holds me until I calm down. I know it can't last forever, but I want to lay there in his arms for as long as I can. \"Tom, what's wrong? Will you at least tell me that much?\" I can't deny Peter anything. I've never wanted to try. \"I love you so much, Peter.\" There, I've said it. At least now he knows. He smiles. I love the way he smiles. This is the sad one, the one that doesn't quite reach his eyes but you know he's just a little happy, the one that makes me want to tell him that everything's going to be just fine. But I can't lie to Peter. I've never really. Not the way I've lied to everyone else. I want to tell Peter everything about me. No limited answers to limited questions, just everything. \"And that's a problem?\" He's not allowing himself to be distracted, I love that about him. I love everything about him. \"No. I mean, yes. I mean, it's a wonderful thing. But now I don't know to do.\" He's quiet. He wants to help; I can see the pain of impotence in his eyes. He can't help me until I tell him what's really wrong and we both know that. \"Let me return the favor.\" He smiles, really smiles. For a moment, I can't breathe past my heart, which has newly transplanted itself into my throat. \"What?\" \"Peter is gentle.\" We lie down, in the same position as earlier: he's flat on the bed, head resting on crossed arms and my head on his back, my breathing matching itself to his. \"Peter is kind.\" The tie is still wrapped around one of my hands. \"Peter is wonderful.\" I love him. \"Peter is beautiful.\" He smiles, but says nothing. \"Peter is understanding.\" I don't want to hurt him. \"Peter is trusting.\" He has to die. \"Peter has someone to love.\" I love him. \"Peter has someone to love him.\" I'm in love with him. \"Peter his mine.\" I unwrap it. \"Which is a good thing.\" His voice is soft. \"A very good thing.\" The tie falls to the floor. \"Yes, a very good thing.\" A very good thing. \"Peter holds my key.\" He's been moving slowly for a bit and now he's sitting up, holding me against his shoulder. \"And that's a scary thing.\" \"Scary for which of us?\" I can feel myself smiling at the irony I think I see in life. \"Both.\" Irony is always cruel and unforgiving. \"I'm not afraid.\" Not at all like Peter. \"I am.\" He can sense my hesitance. \"Listen, maybe we should save this until tomorrow.\" \"No.\" If I stop now, I'll never tell him. \"I need to tell you something.\" I need to tell him. \"Go ahead.\" \"I can't.\" \"Tom, you can tell me anything. You should know that by now.\" \"I know. I do. I just...I just don't want you to hate me.\" I couldn't stand it if Peter were to hate me. \"I couldn't stand it if you were to hate me.\" \"I could never hate you.\" I believe him. He may fear me. He may leave me. But he'll never hate me. I sure hope I'm right. \"The basement I told you about? It's worse than you could ever imagine.\" \"Don't be so overdramatic, Tom.\" \"I'm not being overdramatic. I wish I were.\" \"What's wrong, Tom? Tell me.\" If I don't tell him now, I never will. \"I killed Dickie Greenleaf, became him, then, when Freddy found out, I killed him, too. I came in here tonight to kill you, but I couldn't do it. I don't want to do it.\" I think his first reaction is to laugh, but he doesn't. He knows that I'm serious. His eyes, he looks so disappointed in me. Disappointed? Of all the possible reactions, he looks disappointed in me. I wish he'd look afraid of me, or laugh at me, or - God help me - hate me. Anything but this. \"Tom...\" \"No. Let me say this.\" I don't know what else to say. I just don't want to know what he has to say. \"I didn't mean to kill Dickie. He attacked me - I was defending myself. Then, I didn't know what to do and the guy at the hotel mistook me for Dickie and I didn't know what else to say. Then Freddy found out. I panicked and killed him. Crushed his skull with a Roman bust. Everything was going to be fine now. But Meredith spotted me, her whole family. They think I'm Dickie. And they thought I - Dickie - was with you, but I told them you weren't here. I didn't want to hurt you. I'm not going to hurt you. Do whatever you want, Peter, I won't hurt you.\" He doesn't speak. He doesn't know what to say. I can't really blame him. How do you respond to this? \"I love you, Tom.\" \"What?\" \"You'll like Greece.\" \"Did you hear what I said, Peter?\" \"I heard you. Of course I heard you. And I certainly can't condone what you did.\" God, I love him. \"But I can't imagine my life without you. I don't want to.\" I can't speak. I'm afraid he'll change his mind if I say anything. \"I love you, Tom.\" He keeps saying that. \"You keep saying that.\" \"That's because I mean it, and I want you to know.\" \"But it doesn't matter. I killed people. I deserve to be caught and punished for it.\" \"And I won't dispute that. But I'm not going to be the one to turn you in.\" \"Why not?\" \"If you keep asking, we'll be up all night. I love you and I don't want to ever have to live without you. It's not going to satisfy you, but it's the only answer I have.\" \"Did I mention Peter is insane?\" \"This is a good thing?\" \"This is a good thing.\" Again, he pulls me close. I can feel myself start to cry again. Is this what love is? That you don't care about anything but the other person? That you don't care about his past, or what everyone else thinks, or anything else? You just care about that person so much that you can't imagine ever waking up in the morning and not seeing his face? As we fall asleep, I know that tomorrow when I wake up, he'll be there. He'll be there every morning for the rest of my life. The night passes much too quickly. I want to stay here forever, but I know I can't. I want to be there for him when he wakes up, but I know I won't. I know he loves me. I can only hope he knows how much I love him. I disentangle myself from him, crying quietly, wanting nothing more than to stay beside him forever. The tie lies forgotten on the floor. I pick it up, the soft brown material still damp from my tears. I don't want him to think I've abandoned him. I'd doing this for him. If I keep telling myself that maybe I'll actually start to believe it. I want to tell him that I don't want to leave him. I want to explain to him that I have to do this. I want to explain to him why it could never work. But my hand won't move and I don't know how to tell him. How do you tell the man you love that you're off to kill yourself? How do you tell him that you're dying in his place? How do you tell him that you're doing this because you love him? How do you tell him you're sorry? iPeter,/i I stand on the deck of the boat as the sun comes up. iI wish I could have been there when you woke up./i The tie is soft, but strong. iI wish, just once, we could have watched the sun come up./i Strong enough for my purposes, at least. iI wish I could have made it to your concert in Greece./i Deadly. iI wish I could spend a lifetime learning every way to make you smile./i It winds tightly around my wrists. iI wish I could devote an entire afternoon just to memorizing your laugh./i A little give, but it will suffice. iI wish I could spend our lives learning that I could never love you more than I already do./i A simple motion, leaning quickly over the side. /iI wish I could find out the one thing that makes you the happiest./i I can hear him as I fall. \"Tom!\" Then I hear nothing. iThe one thing you just can't live without./i ","Summary":" \"Tom is talented.\" Peter. \"Tom is tender.\" I love Peter. \"Tom is beautiful.\" \"You're such a "},{"Movie":"Talented Mr Ripley","Title":"Leave your nightmares on the pillow","Author":"NieA-29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6045204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] El Talento de Mr. Ripley es mi película favorita, aunque sea completamente diferente del libro no importa, es tan preciosa que cada vez que la veo se me escapan un par de lágrimas como mínimo. Los libros los adoro también xD Así que sólo era cuestión de tiempo de que llegara el día en que escribiera algo con dos de mis personajes favoritos: Peter y Tom. Sé que no es muy conocido, pero espero que les guste :3 Fandom: Talented Mr. Ripley Personajes: Tom Ripley, Peter Smith-kingsley, Meredith Logue, Dickie Greenleaf y mencines de Marge Sherwood y Freddie Miles. Parejas: menciones de Tom/Dickie, Peter/Tom pre-slash Rating: PG Spoilers: Ninguno realmente. Avisos: No es necesario haber visto la película puesto que se trata de un AU (por lo que también hay cosas que no tienen nada que ver con el canon XD), pero ayudaría para entender las pequeñas referencias. Aunque también hay pequeños detalles más referentes al libro... xD Leave your nightmares in the pillow Prólogo Las lágrimas caían libres por sus mejillas, frenaban en su barbilla y de allí decidían caer al vacío. No tendría que estar llorando, siempre había sabido que iba a acabar así, era imposible que esa relación llegara a buen puerto, y aun así… Tom sorbió los mocos aguados que empezaban a caerle sobre el labio superior y se los limpió con la manga del jersey. Suspiró y volvió a dejar caer la cabeza sobre sus rodillas. Cuando Dickie se le había acercado una tarde en la cafetería y había empezado a hablarle, preguntándole si quería ir con él en el grupo de literatura, Tom había sabido instantáneamente que estaba siendo manipulado, pero con esa mirada y esa sonrisa dirigidas hacia él… Había acabado aceptando, viendo a Dickie varios días a la semana, conociendo a su odioso amigo Freddie y a su novia Marge, que un día encontraría que no podía entrar en casa de los cuernos que adornaban su cabeza. Tom se sintió enrojecer al pensar que uno de ellos sería por su culpa. Marge le caía bien, pero Dickie era Dickie; guapo, listo, sexy, simpático, elegante y cabrón. Sabía que el día en el que se cansara de él llegaría, pero una pequeña vocecilla en su cerebro había rezado para que Dickie abriera los ojos y se diera cuenta de que Tom le quería de verdad, que le cuidaría, que era… Un don nadie y un pesado . Así se lo había hecho saber el mismo Dickie no hacía ni veinte minutos, dos después de que la clase acabara, con el trabajo bajo el brazo y un diez adornando, en brillante tinta roja, la portada. Tom respiró hondo y decidió que ya había hecho suficiente el nenaza, tranquilizó su respiración hasta que dejó de sollozar y se levantó. Se giró para subir las escaleras y chocó con alguien que bajaba. -Perdón, lo siento -No, no pasa nada. ¿Estás bien? —El chico con el que había tropezado bajó el escalón que les separaba para ponerse a su altura y le sonrió— Eres Tom ¿verdad? —Tom se le quedó mirando sorprendido, tratando de recordar quién era y de qué le conocía— Peter Smith-Kingsley. Dickie nos presentó hace unas semanas, en la fiesta de Freddie —Sí, ahora lo recordaba. La fiesta, no el chico. -Ah, sí claro. Lo tenía en la punta de la lengua —Peter sonrió, tenía una bonita sonrisa. -No hace falta que te disculpes, todos íbamos un poco contentos —Gran eufemismo, pensó Tom, que esa noche había pillado tal borrachera que había acabado peleándose con Freddie a puñetazo limpio. Dickie no se había enfadado mucho, pero la relación entre Tom y el pelirrojo había empeorado aun más desde entonces. Peter seguía allí, sonriendo y observándole como si quisiera decir algo pero no se atreviera. Entonces Tom recordó que había estado llorando y que seguramente aun tendría los ojos rojos, la nariz chorreando… Intentó huir. -Bueno, pues… que vaya bien… y eso —dijo colocándose bien la correa de la maleta sobre el hombro. -Sí, claro. Adiós. Tom empezó a subir las escaleras sin esperar a que el otro chico se moviera. Cuando llegó arriba del todo estuvo tentado de girarse y comprobar si Peter aun seguía allí, si también se había girado para observarle o si ya se había ido. Negó con la cabeza y se dirigió hacia la salida principal. El sol se estaba poniendo detrás del edificio oeste de la facultad y formaba largas sombras que cubrían la gran explanada verde donde, reunidos en pequeños grupos, algunos alumnos aun se encontraban hablando o descansando, tumbados y sin ninguna preocupación. Tom suspiró y siguió andando. La historia fue escrita como un one-shot pero la he dividido en 3 partes para hacer más fácil la lectura ^^ Niea.[Chapter 2] Leave your nightmares on the pillow Parte I No sabía cómo podía haberse dejado engañar de aquella manera. Sí, Tom necesitaba salir y conocer gente nueva, apartar su mente del hecho que Dickie le había usado y abandonado, pero una cosa era salir y tomar algo en un bar y otra aceptar acompañar a Fran y Alex a su grupo de estudio y divertimiento musical. No que fueran un grupo de música, era más bien… ¿qué le había dicho la chica? \"Nos aprovechamos del primo de Meredith, que tiene un pequeño estudio y allí podemos tocar y cantar tranquilamente\". Pues eso, que él no quería tocar el piano con gente a la que no conocía. Apartó la vista del trozo de papel en el que había apuntado la dirección y observó el edificio una última vez; cuatro pisos, recién pintado de rojo con balcones negros, número 3 bajo A. Llamó al interfono y sin que nadie preguntara quién era le abrieron. Bajó los tres escalones y llegó a una puerta entreabierta, antes de anunciar su llegada echó un vistazo al reloj; cinco minutos antes. -Hola, soy Tom. Fran dijo que viniera… —cerró la puerta y oyó a alguien acercarse. -¿Tom? —esa voz le sonaba -¡Peter! -Vaya, no sabía que fueras tú el amigo de Fran que iba a venir hoy. El mundo es un pañuelo ¿eh? —el chico se le acercó y le tendió la mano a modo de saludo, Tom dudó unos instantes y finalmente la encajó. -Tampoco yo sabía que fueras amigo de Fran y Alex —se separaron y se dirigieron hacia el sofá que había a su derecha. Era cómodo y suave, de un color crema muy claro que iluminaba el gris pálido de las paredes. El silencio les envolvía, Tom no sabía qué decir y Peter estaba bebiendo de un vaso que parecía contener zumo de naranja. Cuando el chico acabó de beber y dejó el vaso en la mesilla que había a su lado, volvió a hablar— Así que tú también tocas el piano ¿eh? —Tom asintió lentamente, no sabía cómo sabía eso Peter, pero supuso que Fran debía haberlo dicho en algún momento al preguntar si podía llevarle— Yo también, es por eso que tengo este local. Bueno, al principio era de mi hermano y mío, para que él pudiera pintar tranquilamente y no llenara la casa de olores extraños y yo pudiera practicar sin molestar a los vecinos— Tom sonrió, él también había tenido algún que otro problema a causa de sus prolongadas horas de estudio— ¿Cómo es que Fran te ha invitado? Antes de contestar, Tom dudó unos instantes, pensando qué podía decir sin contar la verdad. Por suerte no hizo falta poner en marcha su gran imaginación e idear una mentira creíble y digna, alguien llamó al timbre. Peter se levantó y abrió la puerta; era una chica rubia, alta y delgada que hizo saltar la imagen de Marge, la novia de Dickie, en la mente de Tom y un escalofrío le recorrió la espalda. La chica saludó a Peter con dos besos y una sonrisa y entonces posó sus ojos sobre él. -Meredith, éste es Tom, Fran le ha invitado —la chica sonrió cálidamente y se acercó a él. -Soy Meredith Logue —le dio dos besos a él también y se sentó a su lado en el sofá, que se había vuelto ligeramente más estrecho al ocupar ahora a tres personas— Qué bien que venga alguien nuevo de vez en cuando, siempre es bueno conocer gente nueva —Tom asintió, pensando qué esperarían esos chicos de él; si era estudiar llevaba uno de los libros que tenía que leer en la mochila, si era tocar algo de música… Empezó a ponerse nervioso, las palmas de las manos le sudaban y tuvo que disimular mientras trataba de secárselas en los pantalones. -¿Tú qué instrumento tocas? -El violín ¿y tú? -El piano. -¡Cómo Peter y Alex! Al final tendremos que comprar otro piano… -No, si yo no quiero… —empezó a decir Tom, pero el timbre volvió a sonar. Parecía que alguien no quería dejarle hablar. Fran y Alex habían llegado, ya estaban todos. Resultó que el grupo de estudio y divertimiento musical no era algo tan horrible. Los cinco se juntaban alrededor de la mesa y se ponían a hacer deberes, pasar apuntes en limpio o, como en el caso de Tom, a leer. De fondo habían puesto un poco de música tranquila que acompañaba y no molestaba. Cuando alguno de ellos tenía una duda preguntaba a los demás, aunque ésta no tuviera nada que ver con lo que los otros estudiaban; o leían partes de sus trabajos en alto por si se entendía todo y, por supuesto, de vez en cuando se conectaban al facebook y cotilleaban entre risas. Fran le había contado que todos habían sido grandes amigos en el instituto y que una vez empezada la universidad habían seguido con aquellas sesiones de estudio para no perder el contacto. Tom les envidiaba, el ambiente confortable que se respiraba, las bromas y sonrisas, él nunca lo había experimentado; no con Fran y Alex, que era lo más cercano que había tenido a amigos, y por supuesto no con Dickie. Dos rápidas horas después y con medio libro leído, llegó la hora de la verdad. Tal y como le había dicho Fran, en el estudio había un piano, que debía de ser de Peter, el violín de Meredith y una guitarra; nadie la tocaba, había sido un capricho de la hermana de Peter y allí había acabado, acumulando polvo. Los primeros en levantarse de la mesa y acercarse al piano fueron Alex y Fran, que según les contaron tenían que ensayar para una representación que tenían el próximo fin de semana. Tom sabía lo bien que sonaban, después de todo se habían conocido en la escuela de música, y además les había ido a ver un par de veces. Se sentó en el sofá junto a Peter y Meredith y sonrió animadamente mientras por dentro rezaba para que no le hicieran salir a él. Alex empezó a tocar el piano, suaves notas de ritmo tranquilo que adoptaron perfectamente su papel secundario bajo la dulce voz de Fran. La chica sabía cantar, lo hacía tan bien que si quisiera podría dedicarse a ello como profesional. Tom cerró los ojos y se dejó mecer por la melodía, después de todo era una canción de cuna. Abrió los ojos cuando el silencio les sobrevino a todos; Fran sonreía tímidamente, con las mejillas sonrojadas y mordiéndose el labio inferior nerviosa; Alex se había girado y les miraba con el mismo brillo expectante que la chica; Peter y Meredith tenían la boca ligeramente abierta y los ojos fijos en la pareja. Tom fue el primero en ponerse a aplaudir y los otros chicos se unieron rápidamente. -Genial chicos, simplemente genial. -Les vais a dejar a todos con un palmo de narices. -Precioso. -Muchas gracias chicos, hemos estado ensayando toda la semana. -¿Algo más que queráis practicar? —preguntó Meredith, seguro que quería escuchar más. -Lo siento, pero se nos está haciendo tarde y hemos quedado para cenar. -Oh, ¡pues que os vaya muy bien! Los chicos recogieron sus cosas y se despidieron de todos con besos y abrazos. Cuando la puerta se cerró Tom ya tenía las palabras en la punta de la lengua, él también debía irse, no esperaría a que le hicieran tocar nada. Pero no tuvo suerte, Meredith le cogió por los hombros y le llevó hacia el piano, le sentó en el banco y con una sonrisa le dijo que era su turno. -Si estudiaste con ellos seguro que también tocas genial —la chica se sentó en el sofá junto a Peter. -Puedo dejarte algunas partituras si no sabes qué tocar —ofreció el chico, pero Tom negó con la cabeza, respiró hondo y se giró de cara al piano. Acarició las frías teclas durante unos instantes, decidiendo qué tocaba. Finalmente cerró los ojos y dejó que sus dedos fueran los que decidieran. Niea.[Chapter 3] Leave your nightmares on the pillow Parte II Quizá no tendría que haberlo hecho, confiar en su subconsciente nunca había sido buena idea después de todo, pero al menos la canción le había salido perfecta, incluso se podía decir mejor que nunca. En su cabeza sonaba la letra de la canción mientras sus dedos se movían ágiles por el teclado y su mente proyectaba imágenes de esos meses pasados junto a Dickie. Las lágrimas habían estado a punto de caer, pero respirando hondo y poniendo aun más sentimiento en las últimas notas, consiguió aplacarlas. Peter y Meredith aplaudieron fuerte y cuando Tom se giró vio que también sonreían ampliamente. El nudo que se había formado en su garganta se aflojó levemente y una suave sonrisa adornó sus labios. -Fran tenía razón, tocas de maravilla —dijo Meredith. -Muchas gracias, no es nada. -Claro que sí, además esa canción es preciosa —Tom enrojeció, por supuesto que habían identificado la canción. -Seguro que tú tocas el violín de maravilla también. -Lo intento —contestó la chica con una sonrisa— el próximo día podríamos hacer un dueto, buscaré la partitura en Internet y la ensayaré en casa. -Eh… —Tom no supo que contestar ante aquello, no tenía pensado volver allí, aunque lo había pasado muy bien, sí— Como quieras… —fue lo que acabó contestando. -Entonces decidido. Me gustaría quedarme más, pero yo también tengo que irme. Encantada de conocerte Tom. -Lo mismo digo. -Adiós Peter, dile a la tía que el domingo hay barbacoa en el jardín —dijo la chica mientras guardaba el portátil en la maleta y cogía el violín, que no había podido ver la luz ese día. -Se lo diré, adiós Meredith —los primos se dieron dos besos y la chica se giró para despedirse también de Tom. -Dile a Peter que te toque algo —le dijo Meredith tras los dos besos— creo que se está oxidando. Tom asintió y observó a la chica dirigirse hacia la puerta, abrirla, saludar con la mano y cerrarla tras ella. Sabía que un sutil rubor le cubría las mejillas, pero no podía evitarlo. \" Dile a Peter que te toque algo \" había enviado las imágenes erróneas a su cerebro y éstas habían llegado, difusas, menos mal, a otras partes de su cuerpo. -¿Quieres algo para beber? —Peter le sacó de su ensoñación y Tom miró el reloj antes de contestar, realmente no era tan tarde, pero no quería quedarse solo con el chico. Su silencio después de la pequeña actuación de Tom le hacía sentir nervioso, aun más de lo normal. -No gracias, creo que yo también me iré. -¿No quieres tocar otra canción? Lo has hecho muy bien de veras —Tom se rascó el cuello indeciso, hacía mucho que no tocaba el piano y tras aquellos cortos cinco minutos sus dedos zumbaban con deseos de más, pero Peter… su mirada azul se le clavaba en el estómago; su cabello, sus maneras, tan parecidas a las de Dickie y tan diferentes a la vez— También puedo tocar algo yo si lo prefieres, así puedes decirle a Meredith que no tengo nada de oxidado. Tom volvió a sonrojarse, otra vez su cerebro le traicionaba con pensamientos que le incomodaban. ¡Ya no tenía dieciséis años, eso tenía que parar! Aun y así, asintió. -De acuerdo — Y se sentó en el sofá, dejando bien claro que era el turno de Peter de ponerse frente al piano. El chico sonrió, entrelazó los dedos y estiró los brazos haciendo petar algún nudillo. Se sentó en el banco, respiró hondo un par de veces, alzó los dedos en el aire, los flexionó y los dejó caer para ponerse a tocar. Tom no sabía qué canción era. Algo clásico, le decía una pequeña parte de su mente, pero la otra estaba completamente absorta en el confiado y metódico movimiento de los dedos de Peter. Dedos largos, con uñas cuidadas y piel suave algo pálida; aunque no tanto como la de Tom. Su espalda estaba rígida y su cabeza se movía al compás de la canción. La camiseta negra que llevaba marcaba la espalda musculosa de Peter y la luz del atardecer que entraba por la alta ventana a su derecha incidía en él provocando que su cabello negro brillara aun más. Las sombrías notas se parecían demasiado a los golpes que daba el corazón de Tom contra sus costillas, la boca se le había quedado seca y tuvo que pasarse la lengua por los labios, tragar fuerte y apoyar la cabeza en sus manos. No podía ser, no por favor, otra vez no. Mierda, mierda, mierda. Se decía mientras las últimas notas resonaban en el aire. Otra vez no, era demasiado pronto, demasiado bueno. Cuando el cerebro de Tom procesó el silencio el chico entreabrió los dedos para observar a Peter, que le miraba con una ceja alzada. Se incorporó y aplaudió, las palmadas resonando fuertes en la habitación vacía. -Uau, sois todos muy buenos — dijo con la voz ronca. Tosió suavemente para aclararse la garganta. -Es una de las canciones que va a cantar la coral este domingo en la catedral. -¿Tocas para la coral? —preguntó Tom sintiendo como por fin su corazón se calmaba. Peter asintió y se giró completamente de cara a él, aun sentado en el banquillo del piano y con la luz brillando en sus ojos azules. Claros y serenos, honestos. Preocupados. -Tom ¿estás bien? —la suavidad en su voz le hizo estremecer, pero aun y así el chico asintió y trató de sonreír, decirle que no le pasaba nada, quizá era el cansancio, conocer gente nueva le agotaba a veces. Pero no le dio tiempo, Peter siguió hablando— Es por Dickie, la canción que has tocado era para él —los ojos de Tom se abrieron de sorpresa y enrojeció profusamente. -¿Cómo lo…? ¡No! ¿Por qué iba yo…? Dickie… -Tom, estaba en la fiesta ¿recuerdas? No, no lo recordaba, pero era cierto que Peter se lo había dicho hacía unos días, cuando se encontraron en las escaleras. Después de que Tom hubiera estado llorando como un idiota. La fiesta había ido bien las primeras tres horas, buena música, mucha gente divertida, alcohol que ayudara a desinhibirse y a hablar con aquella gente, alcohol que hiciera que Tom no pudiera dejar de mirar a Dickie y recordar algunos de sus encuentros, que hiciera que Tom fuera a buscar a Dickie y le convenciera para ir un rato al patio trasero y bajarse los pantalones, que el chico aceptara y que poco rato después fuera a buscar a Marge para prácticamente tirársela frente a todos los invitados, que tampoco estaban prestando mucha atención, nadie lo hacía, tan sólo él. Y Freddie. Quien le había estado susurrando palabras hirientes, insultos y verdades que Tom no quería aceptar y que hicieron que cerrara la mano en un puño y le propinara un golpe que dolió a los dos. Se enzarzaron en una pelea que consiguió despertar la atención de los asistentes, que con el juicio nublado tan solo animaban y vitoreaban cada vez que la sangre fluía de una nueva herida, alguien caía, o soltaba un insulto. Dickie paró la pelea, riendo como si nada sucediera y posando un brazo en los hombros de sus amigos, señalándoles el baño y pidiendo por favor que se limpiaran y no mancharan nada. ¿Qué, de todo aquello, había visto Peter? Tom no podía apartar los ojos de las negras y lustrosas patas del piano, no quería saberlo. -Imagino… Imagino que debe ser difícil ser el amante de alguien —dijo el chico tratando de sonar casual y tranquilo, pero en sus mejillas también se había posado el rojo color de la vergüenza— Has puesto mucho sentimiento en la canción —Tom asintió, no sabía qué contestar— Si de verdad le quieres tienes que luchar por él, así solo te estás haciendo daño a ti. Y a Marge. -No, verás… Dickie y yo… -Nadie está con Dickie por qué sea el mejor amigo del mundo, ni tan siquiera Freddie —Tom abrió los ojos de forma descomunal ante aquello ¿Dickie y Freddie? Le entraron ganas de vomitar— ¡No! No quería decir que… ¡Qué asco! —Tom rió ante aquello y Peter contestó el gesto, los dos se relajaron un poco— Freddie y Dickie son amigos por interés. Es muy fácil querer a Dickie, pero muy difícil soportarle. Marge… no sé cómo lo hace. -Yo tampoco. -Eres un buen chico, Tom. No tendrías que dejarte hacer estas cosas —el chico enrojeció y finalmente alzó la vista y la dirigió a los ojos de Peter. Su rostro estaba parcialmente escondido tras las sombras que habían ido creciendo a medida que el sol se ponía y aun y así, sus ojos seguían brillando. -¿Recuerdas hace unos días, cuando nos encontramos en las escaleras? Dickie acababa de dejarme —Peter permaneció en silencio— La primera vez que me dirigió la palabra sabía que nada bueno podía salir de allí, había oído hablar de su fama, incluso del rumor de aquella chica que se suicidó por que la había dejado embarazada. Pero asentí a hacer el trabajo con él, me dejé engañar por sus sonrisas, su cuerpo… —sonrió avergonzado, se pasó una mano por el cabello y suspiró— Cuando estábamos juntos era como si el sol brillara fuerte y cálido en mi corazón. Al principio me sentía mal al pensar en Marge pero después me convencí de que tenía que saberlo, era imposible no hacerlo, y que si no decía nada debía de ser porqué no le importaba, quizá ella también se iba con otros chicos de vez en cuando —sin ser consciente de ello una lágrima solitaria había empezado a recorrer su mejilla derecha, la limpió con la mano y se dejó caer de espaldas al sofá, la vista clavada en el techo. Se sentía bien decir todo aquello en voz alta, aunque la reacción de Peter después de aquel monólogo le era completamente desconocida— Fui tan estúpido que creí que si me esforzaba suficiente Dickie la dejaría y se quedaría conmigo. Sólo conmigo. Pero fue eso precisamente lo que le hizo apartarse de mí. Bueno, eso y el diez del trabajo por supuesto ¿para que si no había hablado con el don nadie de la facultad? Es difícil estar en una universidad llena de niños pijos ¿sabes? La beca a penas cubre los costes básicos así que no puedo ni comprarme ropa de marca para tratar de pasar desapercibido, aunque eso es algo nunca conseguiría. Vosotros los ricos parecéis tener algo inherente en vuestra sangre que os hace tener ese no sé qué que nunca podré imitar. Y mi tía no me deja trabajar, dice que tengo que concentrarme en estudiar, como si sacar buenas notas fuera tan difícil… soy muy listo, pero parece que eso no es suficiente para ser feliz. El silencio envolvió a los chicos, las sombras habían acabado de cubrirlo todo puesto que nadie había encendido luz alguna. Tom seguía con la vista en el techo, tratando de contener las lágrimas que pugnaban por salir. Era la primera vez que decía a alguien todo lo que pensaba y un peso importante se había disuelto dentro de él. Rió silenciosamente y fue entonces cuando notó el sofá hundirse bajo el peso de Peter, su rodilla rozando la de él. Tom le miró durante unos segundos sin mover la cabeza y volvió a dirigir sus ojos hacia el techo. -No eres un don nadie, Tom —Era la voz más suave que jamás había escuchado. Cerró los ojos y trató de reprimir un escalofrío, pero no lo consiguió— Y no tienes que aparentar ser quien no eres. Tienes razón, la gente con dinero cree estar por encima de los menos favorecidos, pero por eso mismo no debes dejar que te afecten sus palabras, tienes que mostrarles de lo que eres capaz siendo tu mismo y darles una lección —Tom negó con la cabeza, pero una sonrisa se había aposentado en sus labios. Tras unos segundos Peter volvió a hablar— ¿Tienes hambre? ¿Quieres ir a cenar? —Tom enrojeció, ese era uno de los motivos por los que nunca había tenido amigos de verdad; desde que sus padres murieron no tenía dinero que gastar para salir con ellos, ni una casa decente a la que invitarles— Invito yo, como compensación. -Eso va al revés, quién ralla con sus problemas es quien paga. -Ya bueno, pero he sido yo quien ha iniciado la conversación. -Tom se sentía demasiado cansado como para discutir, Peter le miraba con una sonrisa y ¿qué más daba? El chico ya había visto lo peor de él. Asintió lentamente. -De acuerdo. FIN Notas finales: La música a la que se hace referencia es la siguiente: La canción que cantan/tocan Fran y Alex es Lullaby for Cain , la canción que suena al empezar la película. La canción que toca Tom es Hello, de Lionel Richie, ya que fue la versión que cantaron los de glee la que me hizo venir ganas de escribir el fic. La canción de Peter es Staabat Mater, canción que también toca Peter en la película Espoero que os haya gustado ^^ Niea. ","Summary":" El Talento de Mr. Ripley es mi película favorita, aunque sea completamente diferente del libro no i"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Réveille-toi","Author":"Amanda A Fox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12572334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Auteure : Amanda A Fox Film : The Departed (va)/Les infiltrès (vf) Couple : Billy Costigan/Sean Dignam Genre : Romance/Famille Résumé : « Je suis désolé si ça te dérange, mais je vais me marier avec elle. » Dignam ne pouvait pas en croire ses oreilles. Billy Costigan ne pouvait pas lui dire ça après cette année de vie commune, lui qui l'avait hébergé et protégé durant sa convalescence. Bla bla introductif : Voici à nouveau le défi imposé par le générateur de « quote ». Celle que je devais introduire aujourd'hui est la suivante : « I'm sorry if it upsets you, but I'm going to marry her . » Il y a vraiment peu de fic sur ce superbe film à l'intrigue bien poussées et aux personnages charismatique, et je me suis prise à grandement apprécier ce couple (aux magnifiques fics que j'ai découvertes, notamment sur LiveJournal). Bonne lecture. _-''-_ R éveille-toi _-''-_ Sean Dignam regardait sombrement l'autre homme assis dans le fauteuil du salon à lire un texto qu'il avait reçu, large sourire rieur sur les lèvres. Il ne pouvait s'empêcher de ressentir la jalousie le dévorer voracement de l'intérieur et il serra si fort le verre qu'il essuyait entre les mains qu'il manqua de le briser. Billy Costigan vivait chez lui depuis pratiquement un an déjà, une fois sa sortie d'hôpital où il avait maquillé sa mort –à la base normalement bien destinée pour lui- afin de démasquer les derniers hommes de Costello. Alors que Billy ne devait rester chez Sean seulement pendant l'enquête qui avait duré deux petits mois, il s'était pris à ne pas se faire jeter à coup de pied dehors à la fin de toute cette histoire. Aucun des deux n'évoqua un potentiel départ, non, comme si c'était naturel, il restait à cohabiter ensemble, la petite maison étant libre suite au déménagement de Sean ici après la fin de son divorce. Et chacun sembla trouver sa place, Billy reprenant un poste au SIU en tant que flic à part entière, et Sean, restant son supérieur bien que l'insubordination de Billy soit de pair avec leur étrange relation. Après tout, ils vivaient ensemble dans une toute petite maison à la périphérie de Boston. Et à la grande surprise de tous, le Sergent Sean Dignam avait fini par laisser Billy le traiter comme son égal si bien que tous deux formaient une équipe active et productive. À la maison, c'était un peu différent bien que les querelles restaient enracinées dans leur train de vie. Ici, Sean pouvait scruter les moindres faits et gestes de Billy sans se faire pincer et se prit à apprécier partager sa vie au foyer avec l'autre homme. Le travail était certes un gros bloc qui prenait du temps, mais quand ils pouvaient profiter du week-end, ils ne se faisaient pas prier. Ils avaient fini par sortir régulièrement, dans des bars, au cinéma, pour faire du sport –souvent poussé par Billy- ou bien simplement parfois pour se balader et aucun des deux hommes n'émettait le moindre commentaire quant à cette bien étrange relation. C'était comme une habitude. Ils mangeaient rarement le matin ensemble suite à leurs horaires bien distinctes, parfois Sean ou Billy ne rentrait pas dormir, mais quand ils pouvaient, ils prenaient le repas du soir ensemble alors que le chat de Billy se frottait joyeusement à leurs jambes en quémandant de la nourriture. Le soir était parfois accompagné d'un film qu'ils regardaient dans le même canapé, épaule contre épaule, tout en se partageant des bières et des glaces. Un parfait couple silencieux. Bon sang, Sean était pourtant tombé des nues quand un soir il y eut une coupure d'eau et d'électricité et que Billy en avait profité pour le faire sortir et lui offrir un dîner. Mais ce n'était pas un repas dans un fast-food comme ils avaient l'habitude de faire à la sortie du boulot où le week-end en rentrant d'une exposition, non, Billy avait délibérément choisi un restaurant gastronomique qu'il avait apparemment longtemps eu en tête et ils avaient partagé ce dîner face à face alors que des yeux curieux les avaient observé de loin. Mais Sean avait beau ne pas aimer les regards tout droit dirigés vers eux, il avait apprécié ce geste bien qu'il ne le dit jamais tout haut et il s'était mis à se demander sérieusement si… Si Billy Costigan avait pour intention de franchir une certaine barrière. Barrière que finalement, Billy ne franchit jamais et Sean savait intérieurement pourquoi. Tout simplement parce qu'il ne lui donnait aucune occasion et qu'il fuyait. Oui il fuyait, lui, Sean Dignam, le chef adjoint de l'unité prestigieuse des infiltrés qui ne mâchait pas ses mots. Il aimait ce jeu du chat et de la souris, du « je te suis tu me fuis, je te fuis tu me suis ». Être dans une relation avec un autre homme qui plus est, Billy Costigan , l'effrayait bien qu'il ne le dirait jamais tout haut. C'est pour cela qu'il entretint leur étrange relation où ils se tournaient autour en se comportant comme un vrai connard, et Billy lui relançait bien la balle. C'était ça, le train habituel de leur vie. Néanmoins, depuis quelques semaines, Billy semblait un peu plus distant et Sean ne fut pas long à le remarquer. Il sortait de plus en plus souvent seul, et il savait qu'il rejoignait une jeune femme, Madolyn, son ancienne psychiatre qui avait un bel enfant –d'après les croyances populaires, c'était celui du défunt Colin Sullivan- et au début ça ne dérangeait pas réellement Sean, car Billy pouvait très bien faire sa vie et avoir des amis, de toute manière, il vivait ici avec lui . Mais quand il comprit que parfois il restait dormir chez elle et qu'il l'appelait souvent, Sean s'était vu voir rouge et ses altercations avec Billy se furent plus violentes. Il n'était plus intéressé par lui ? Avait-il lancé son dévolu sur la blonde ? Et Sean en devint malade . « C'est cette psy qui te faire pouffer comme ça ? » lâcha finalement Sean en rangeant peut-être trop abruptement les verres dans le placard, prétendant un certain désintéressement. « Elle m'a envoyé une photo du petit et moi, si tu voyais nos têtes ! » fit Billy de son siège en riant légèrement à la vue de l'image affichée sur son téléphone. Un autre pic de colère et de jalousie vint brûler les entrailles du sergent qui lui offrit un regard noir bien que Billy ne le vit pas. Le plus jeune rit à nouveau face à l'engin électronique et utilisa le clavier pour taper une réponse tandis que Sean jeta le chiffon sur le rebord de l'évier pour s'introduire dans le salon. « Vire-moi ce sourire niais, ça me donne presque envie de vomir, » railla Sean en récupérant la télécommande sur la table basse. Billy quitta des yeux l'écran du téléphone et jeta un regard désabusé à l'égard de son colocataire qui essayait d'allumer la télévision. Sean grogna quelque chose dans sa barbe en ouvrant le compartiment à piles, visiblement vides d'énergie. « Je sais que tu ne l'aime pas beaucoup, » lui fit Billy. « Je me contrefiche de cette femme, tu fais ce que tu veux de tes fesses, Costigan , » fut la réponse dure du plus âgé qui retirait les piles un peu trop furieusement. « Je n'ai pas besoin de ton autorisation, Dignam . » Billy se leva, sentant la tension palpable. Sean n'utilisait son nom de famille que lorsque ça allait mal. C'était comme un signe pour l'avertir de ne pas plus l'énerver où ça allait mal finir. Mais déformais c'était le genre de signe qui ne freinait plus du tout Billy. Au moment où Sean retirait la quatrième pile, Billy prit enfin sa décision et ignora l'expression agacée de son ami. « Je vais la demander en mariage. » Sean crut avoir mal entendu et son cœur fit un bon titanesque dans sa poitrine. Il quitta des yeux la télécommande et regarda avec effarement l'autre homme qui était pleinement sérieux et qui restait immobile, comme attendant la réaction de son colocataire. « Qu… Quoi ? » ne put qu'articuler Sean, abasourdi. Rares étaient les fois où il était pris de court et qu'il ne savait pas comment réagir. Billy Costigan était bien le seul capable de le mettre dans cet état, mais cette révélation battait bien toutes les autres. Certes, il paraissait proche de Madolyn et de son fils, mais jamais Sean ne s'était attendu à ça. Depuis quand sortaient-ils ensemble ? Depuis quand Billy gardait ça pour lui ? « Tu n'es pas sérieux ? Tu t'es pris un coup sur la tête ? » s'empressa de dire Sean qui voulait montrer à son interlocuteur que cette nouvelle ne l'avait en rien bouleversé. « Sais-tu même ce que le mot mariage veut dire ? Car dans ce contexte j'ai l'impression que tu sors ça sur un putain de coup de tête. » Il faisait tout pour garder son calme et son sang-froid, mais cette nouvelle sortit tout droit de la bouche de Billy l'avait clairement dévasté. Avait-il mal interprété les signes de Billy ? Était-il même bi' ? « Après tout ça… Tu me sors ça comme ça ! » reprit vivement Sean ne laissant pas l'autre homme pouvoir se défendre. « Tu sors avec elle mais tu as préféré garder ça secret ? Putain, je suis quoi ?! Ta putain de mère à qui tu ne veux pas avouer avoir une copine ! On seulement le type avec qui tu partages une maison, les corvées et le fric ! » « On est coloc' , oui. » Sean était à bout. Comment Billy pouvait-il rester si calme alors que lui était au bord de la crise de nerfs. La fatigue et le boulot ne faisaient qu'empirer son humeur dévastatrice et ce coup bas de la part de l'homme qu'il s'était pris à être attiré lui était resté en travers de la gorge. Il était prêt à lui lancer la télécommande en pleine figure. « Et tu as préféré ne rien me dire ? Après… Après toute cette année de vie commune ? » s'exclama à nouveau Sean en montrant un geste rageur de la main le salon, désignant ainsi la maison. « J'ai une vie moi aussi, » commença à s'énerver le plus jeune. « Je ne suis pas enfermé dans une prison d'argent ici, ok ? Je ne suis pas à ta disposition comme ça ! » Ce n'était pas pour rien que toutes les relations que Sean avait entreprises avaient merdé par le passé. Tout lui était passé entre les doigts et malgré toutes les meilleures paroles du monde –saupoudré par un langage hautement fleuri- il n'avait jamais réussi à faire machine arrière. Voyant que Sean, rouge de colère, restait muet, Billy continua en reculant d'un pas. « Je suis désolé si ça te dérange, mais je vais me marier avec elle. » « Eh ben va te marier avec ta putain de psy, engrosse-la réellement et qu'elle ponde tes vrais gosses, je m'en branle ! » Billy lui lança un regard mauvais et se rapprocha de lui pour le pousser brusquement en arrière, paume contre son torse. Sean se laissa faire et recula, non sans le lâcher des yeux. « Tu sais pourquoi je fais ça ?! Hein ?! » s'écria violemment Billy visiblement à énerver par le comportement de l'autre homme. « Parce que tu es trop effrayé qu'on franchisse les limites, Sean ! » Les deux hommes étaient bouillants de rage, à la respiration lourde, à deux doigts de se sauter dessus pour en venir aux mains, ce qui ne serait pas réellement une surprise, ni anodin. Mais avant que le plus âgé ne puisse rétorquer avait tout autant de violence, Billy reprit la parole en ajustant des gestes à ses propos. « Je ne veux pas perdre mon temps avec quelqu'un comme toi qui n'assume absolument rien ! Toi et ta foutue politique de l'autruche ! » « Pour qui tu te prends, Costigan ?! » s'exclama Sean en se rapprochant de lui dangereusement, le menaçant du regard tout en le pointant du bout de la télécommande. « Je me prends pour le type que tu as fui ! Tu as honte, je le sais ! Tu veux que personne ne te sache avec un autre mec ! Ellerby est très clair avec ses petits discours à la con : c'est bien de marier une femme, au moins on- … » « Ellerby ne me dicte en rien ! Je suis libre de faire ce que je veux et je ne me soucie pas de ces putains de propos, tu m'entends ! » Bordel, si Sean comprenait bien –malgré la colère qui brouillait son esprit- Billy l'accusait d'avoir fui alors que quelque chose pouvait commencer entre eux. Il l'accusait d'avoir honte de lui et de leur potentielle relation. Mais il fut incapable de répondre correctement à ses allusions. La respiration de Billy se calma doucement et il tira légèrement son menton en hauteur pour prouver à l'autre homme qu'il n'allait pas de plier à ses caprices. « As-tu quelque chose à me dire ? Où je pars d'ici, » lui déclara le plus jeune. Sean ne le dira jamais, mais cette phrase fut comme un coup de poignard en plein cœur. Pour toute réponse, il se contenta de froncer les sourcils, trop fier pour supplier Billy de rester ici. « C'est bien ce que je pensais, » finit par dire Billy après quelques secondes de silence, le regard teinté d'une certaine tristesse. Et il tourna les talons, se dirigeant vers la cuisine, prêt à quitter la maison, pour peut-être rejoindre Madolyn. Il passa en trombe dans la cuisine, sans jeter un seul regard en arrière. Il passa près de la table de cuisine qu'ils avaient tant utilisée, devant le porte-manteau où étaient mélangées leurs vestes, devant l'escalier qui menait à l'étage supérieur contenant leurs chambres. Avec fermeté, il tira la porte d'entrée déverrouillée et laissa Sean seul dans le salon. Sean Dignam entrouvrit ses lèvres, voulant lui hurler de belles insultes, ou peut-être lui crier de revenir ici, mais aucun son ne s'échappa de sa bouche. Son cœur se serra plus au moment où il entendit que la porte d'entrée s'était refermée derrière Billy et un sursaut d'horreur le prit quand il comprit ce qu'il était en train de se passer. Billy Costigan allait lui échapper. Pour toujours. « Merde, » jura-t-il en jetant la télécommande contre le canapé pour ensuite se précipiter vers l'entrée. Tout aussi vivement que Billy, il tira la porte et dévala aussi le porche en bois. Billy était déjà au portail et s'apprêtait à le franchir en semblait ne pas vouloir se retourner bien qu'il ait entendu la porte s'ouvrir derrière lui. Sean ne prit pas la peine de héler son prénom, non, il courut jusqu'à lui sans réfléchir aux conséquences de ses actes et du fait qu'il était à l'extérieur. Il plaqua ses deux mains contre les épaules du plus jeune avec fermeté et le tourna vers lui. Billy crut pendant un instant qu'il allait se prendre un coup en pleine figure, ce qui ne serait pas étonnant venant de Sean et tenta de le repousser mais rien à faire. Sean n'allait pas le laisser s'en aller. Sans prévenir, Sean ignora l'autre homme qui se débattait et approcha son visage du sien pour presser sa bouche contre la sienne. Et ce geste eut donc de geler le plus jeune sur place qui ne s'attendait certainement pas à ça. Cette forte pression se mua rapidement en un réel baiser que Billy accepta après ces quelques seconds ahurissements et il passa ses bras contre les hanches du plus âgé pour le pousser à aller de l'avant. Sean avait laissé ses ressentiments de côté et la seule chose qui réveillait toute son âme était le simple fait de souhaiter garder Billy Costigan avec lui, dans cette maison. Ainsi, il l'embrassa avec toute la détresse, l'espoir et la passion qu'il pouvait offrir à cet échange, ses mains se glissant jusqu'à l'arrière de son crâne. Qu'importe si les voisins les voyaient ainsi. Qu'importe cette petite pluie douce et fine contre leurs peaux. Qu'importe la porte de la maison toujours ouverte qui allait laisser entrer tous ces satanés moustiques en ce début de soirée. Billy était son ancre dans ce monde de fous et cette Madolyn ne pouvait pas l'arracher. Lorsque le souffle leur manqua, ils se détachèrent doucement l'un de l'autre, et leurs regards hésitants se croisèrent. En général, leurs disputes se finissaient par les poings ou par des insultes bien placées. Ce nouveau tournant était tout à faire surprenant. « Je te veux dans ma putain de maison, » commença soudain Sean à voix basse en le fixant droit dans les yeux, ses mains toujours contre les joues du plus jeune. « Je te veux dans ma putain de cuisine le matin en lisant ce journal de merde tout en buvant ton café trop sucré. Je te veux dans mon salon à débattre avec moi de ces films débiles comme si notre vie en dépendait. Je te veux dans ma voiture à écouter tes CD de fillettes. Je te veux dans ma putain de vie, Billy . » Billy resta le souffle coupé, ne réalisant pas vraiment ce qui se produisait là. Était-ce Sean Dignam qui lui parlait là ? Et non pas une projection de son subconscient ? Mais il resta silencieux et laissa l'autre homme continuer, lui qui semblait en avoir tant sur le cœur. « Et si tu veux comprendre que je me contrefiche de ce que pense ces enfoirés du SIU, » reprit Sean en lâchant finalement les joues. « Je t'embrasserait volontairement devant eux. Et j'irais foutre mon poing dans la gueule d'Elleby en lui assurant que je suis quand même stable même en étant avec un autre gars et que ma robinetterie marche toujours aussi bien. » À ces mots, Billy ne put s'empêcher de rire nerveusement, voyant pratiquement Sean faire ce genre de chose. « Ne pars pas. » Mais la dernière phrase de Sean était plus sérieuse et le sourire de Billy disparu. Sans avertissement, il se rapprocha de lui, pressa une main derrière la nuque du plus âgé et l'attira contre lui pour l'embrasser à nouveau. Ce fut plus court mais plus lascif et plus épris. Et montrant qu'il n'avait pas honte de Billy dans ce genre de relation, Sean ne montra aucun geste de recul. « Et moi je te veux dans mon lit, » lui murmura finalement Billy près de son oreille avant de se détacher de lui. Cette petite phrase électrisa le cœur du sergent qui ne put s'empêcher de lâcher un sourire sournois. « Techniquement, je pense que mon lit serait une meilleur idée, » lui répondit-il en haussant un sourcil à son adresse. « Le tiens c'est juste… Un canapé ouvert qui menace de se refermer sur ta belle gueule. » « Ah ouais ? Il est si dangereux que ça ce lit ? » Et les deux hommes se mirent à rire à l'unisson, prit par les événements de la situation stressante et violente qui avaient fini comme ceci dans le jardin sous une pluie douce et fraiche. C'était à ne pas y croire. « Au fait, je ne suis jamais sorti avec Madolyn, » lui avoua soudain Billy après quelques secondes de rires nerveux. « Quoi ? » fut la réponse immédiate de l'autre homme qui paraissait tomber des nues. « J'essayais juste de te réveiller. » « Espèce de petit enfoiré. » Mais un large sourire apaisait ses paroles, car Sean en était soulagé. Billy était finalement à lui et pas à cette autre femme qu'il avait jalousée depuis un moment déjà. Et il souhaitait appartenir à Billy corps et âme. Et lorsque Billy et son sourire narquois se retournèrent vers la maison pour ensuite se diriger vers la bâtisse, Sean resta un instant devant le portail à l'observer marcher lentement. Et quand il passa le pas de la porte en appelant son nom pour venir s'abriter avant qu'il n'attrape une cochonnerie, Sean sentit son cœur se serrer, et il soupira de bien-être. Lui et Billy partageait une vie, ça c'était une parfaite affirmation et les choses allaient commencer à devenir encore plus intéressantes. Mais au moment où il allait lui aussi se diriger vers la porte, il remarqua du coin des yeux quelque chose dans le jardin adjacent au sien. Il tourna la tête et vit une vieille dame, panier à linge entre les mains, qui semblait les observer depuis un moment, l'expression loin du dégout, mais vraiment très surprise. Sean déglutit, mais les anciennes paroles de Billy concernant son manque de courage et sa lâcheté lui permirent de prendre son courage à deux mains et vraiment prouver à Billy qu'il n'était plus honteux de partager un quelconque romantisme avec lui. Ainsi, il leva une main pour saluer la vieille femme et sourit maladroitement. « Bien le bonjour, Madame Shuerz. C'est bien mon compagnon, là-bas, oui oui. » _-''-_ Fin _-''-_ Laissez une petite trace de votre passage, ou votre avis, ça fait toujours plaisir. Kissss ","Summary":" Auteure : Amanda A Fox Film : The Departed (va)/Les infiltrès (vf) Couple : Billy Costigan/Sean Dig"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Past Parents","Author":"MatsuokaKiran","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11228787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note at the end of the story. The premise, original story, characters, and ideas are not mine, but this story is. Enjoy ^_^ Madolyn looked over at her son in the passenger's seat. He would be turning 12 soon. He was growing fast, his limbs were starting to lengthen and he would be entering junior high when summer ended. She was filled with this nagging emptiness. She wanted to reach over and touch him, just to make sure he was still there. Nothing they had taught her in college had made her ready for this kind of love… and she had lost everyone she had ever loved before, so she supposed it was natural to be filled with doubt. They were moving again, unfortunately. They had moved a couple times in the last decade. There was never any real reason, she just felt the need to move on, to be away from whatever attachments that had developed. Anymore, she didn't like the feeling of being tied down. She braked slightly as the SUV and the trailer behind it entered the city limits of their new hometown. \"Wake up honey, we're here,\" she said reaching out and shaking her son's shoulder lightly. \"Mmmm... we are? I'm hungry,\" he stretched his legs and arms, looking around and blinking his eyes. \"You will have to help me unload things at first, but after a bit we will fix dinner okay?\" \"Okay.\" The house wasn't too big, but it was in a nice neighborhood, had a large yard, and the rent was cheap. They unloaded for a few hours, and then as her son's complaining got more frequent she decided it was time to fix dinner anyway. She locked SUV and trailer, leaving what was left to unpack inside of them. As she started messing around with the stove, trying to get the gas burners to light, she sent her son to unpack the boxes of food. \"Hey Leo, will you get the food and put it away in the cabinets please?\" \"Where're they at?\" he yelled. Unnecessarily. Maybe it was because the house was still empty and had that 'bigger than it seems' feel to it. \"They should be labeled.\" \"Okay.\" A few moments of rustling and thumping later and he was dragging several boxes into the kitchen. \"I think you labeled this one wrong Mom, it has a bunch of pictures in it.\" \"Well, close it back up and we will unpack it later.\" \"...Is this you mom? When you were a kid?\" she turned to her son, he was holding up a black and white photograph of her riding a bike. \"Yeah, that's me. I've had that for a really long time, do you like it?\" she turned back to the stove, flipping everything off now that she knew it was working properly. \"Yeah I do, I think maybe I look a little like you Mom. Do you want me to put it up?\" \"Sure, your father would like that.\" It wasn't calculated, it was said on impulse. The first thing that had come to mind. It was a subject she avoided, one she actively tried to forget, and if she thought about it too much her psychiatrist brain would give her no peace. She waited in silence hoping her slip-up would go unnoticed. Just when she thought it had, she heard her son speak behind her. \"...He would? Did he like this picture too?\" It was an inquisitive voice, but not a prying one. Leo had gotten used to her not wanting to talk about his father. She tried to shut her brain down, a simple curt response and nothing would be said of it again. But it wasn't working. Did he like the picture, did he not? Did he want to hang it up, or would he have wanted to hide it? She could have found out if she wanted to, she had had the chance, but would it have mattered? \"I‒ I don't know. And besides, it doesn't matter. Now have you ‒\" \"We brought the tool box in, right? I am going to go put this up in the front room.\" \"Leo!\" But he wasn't listening, he walked right out of the kitchen, not taking notice of his mother. Of how she gripped the counter top in the kitchen. Of how her shoulders were tensed, her eyes and mouth clamped shut as if trying to stop something. It didn't matter. It didn't. Leo was her son, and she didn't give a damn about anything else. She didn't want to remember anything else, her ability to forget was the only reason that she had made it this far. But her son had made her remember. He picked up the picture. Looked at it, then her. He noticed the resemblance, he wanted to hang it up for everyone to see. Finally she slid to the floor of the kitchen. And the tears started flowing. She wasn't sobbing, she had lost the energy for that years ago, she was just silently crying into her hands. All those questions, about love, family, and who Leo's father was... it wasn't like she hadn't wondered or thought about it... but she was afraid of the truth. She had had her world ripped apart, and just when an impossible glimmer of hope had started to shine through, her world had been ripped apart again. Her life in subsequent years had been in part shaped by those events, but she hadn't wanted her son to experience the same trauma. And as such she had never asked those questions. But maybe it was time she put a stop to that. After studying for years in college, she had adopted an existentialist philosophy: your world was what you made of it, and everything was a matter of perspective. She wiped the tears from her eyes, sniffed, and sat up away from the wall. As she looked up she noticed Leo peering fearfully around the doorway to the kitchen. \"M-mom? I'll take it down, I will, I promise I won't‒\" He stopped as she reached out a hand in his direction. \"Come here sweetie.\" He shuffled towards her until he was standing in front of her, almost in tears himself. \"Sit down,\" she took his hands in hers as he sat down in front of her. \"I… I realize I have never really told you about your father, but I think it's time that changed.\" She could do this. \"I was living in Boston when I met your father. Because of certain... things I had to stop seeing your father, and during then...\" She couldn't stop the tears, or the emotion in her own voice, but she was filled with a kind of happiness. Happiness that she knew what she wanted to say, what she felt, and who the boy's father really was. \"...your father died. But I loved your father, and he was a good person. Even though we were only together for a short time, I think we understood each other really well... and I am sure he would have loved you very much.\" Her son was crying now too, his face distraught and flushed. \"H-he's dead? B-but ‒\" She reached out and held her son to her, holding him tightly as he sobbed into her breast. \"I know. I know. I miss him too, but we have to be strong for daddy okay? He would want us to be happy, even if he's not here.\" Leo pulled away, still crying as he looked up at her. \"What about‒ about the‒\" \"It's okay, he did like that picture, and he would have loved having it hanging up in the living room.\" Author's Note: I know the film isn't a romance film, but I think that the film had a lot to say about being human and hopefully this story had a little bit of that too. I wrote this up in the hours immediately following having watched The Departed . I thought the ending was wonderful, but also very sad and open ended, so I felt I needed to follow it up with something of my own. The film was filled with character foils, and I think it is important to note that Billy is the foil for Colin in Madolyn's personal life: Billy likes and displays Madolyn's photo (a photo she obviously had an attachment to), and Billy also listens to and respects her decisions. I wanted to write a story that artfully concluded Billy and Madolyn's relationship (I picture her successfully moving on after my fic), while also examining something of the themes within the movie as well (the most obvious being identity, and what it means to you, which is similar to some of the things I try to address in my story). Please rate and review! :) ","Summary":" Author's note at the end of the story. The premise, original story, characters, and ideas are not m"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Caution is a virtue","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8955898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's known that during sleep many intractable problems can be solved, like the solution of the structure of the Benzene Ring that Billy had read about in Chemistry class. Even though everything was in place, a sudden thought struck Billy as he lay in bed relaxing ready to sleep. Detective Brown was hardly the sharpest cop about town, indeed the fact that he lay so far down in the pecking order said that, and he was so obsequious, even timid - what if he fucked up contacting Sergeant Dignam. Come to think of it, DIGNUM SHOULD HAVE CONTACTED BILLY via Captain Queenan's contact phone. Not a new thought, but events had moved too fast for him to deal with that. A cold sweat covered Billy. Brown was the weak link. Brown might not be able to get to Dignum directly as Billy wanted him to do; and who might he have to enquire from - Sullivan even ! What if Dignum couldn't show up. What if Sullivan had screwed Dignam. A ghastly thought shot through Billy's mind : He had fled in panic, that alone would have alerted Sullivan. What if Sullivan had tampered with Billy's records; what if he had deleted them ! Next morning, after a sleepless night, a new plan was formulating. By the end of the day and many phone booth calls pleading with Brown, Billy knew the truth. Dignam had been screwed, maybe by Sullivan, if not by Ellerby. It cost more than Billy wanted to pay, but over the next few days he learned that Dignum would not be back anytime soon, if ever, and that Ellerby regarded Sullivan as the next best thing to sliced bread. And Sullivan was also close to another Sergeant that he had helped raise from the ranks, Harrigan. Billy delved into the rest of Costello's recordings and documents. Over the next two days Billy began to realise the possible depth and nature of the corruption in the Boston police force, although he lacked enough information to name anyone. Even the copies of Costello's recent Bank payment records Billy had given to Maddy only gave anonymous account numbers. Nevertheless, the answer was simple, if involving some work. Fortunately no-one seemed to be looking for Billy. Over the next week Billy duplicated the key CD together with a simple written message that invited investigation, but which did not mention Billy by name : \"The mole talking to Costello was responsible for setting Costello's gang on Captain Queenan and the Undercover Cop Queenan planted in Costello's gang. They aimed to kill the Undercover Cop\" ( TRUE ) \"Costello's mole erased the Undercover Cop after he came in to be reinstated\" ( DEPENDS ON YOUR POINT OF VIEW ) \"Sergeant Barrigan took money from Costello, as did others in the ranks\" ( MAYBE ) \"Sergeant Dignum needs to watch his back - he knows the undercover cop\" ( PROBABLY ) To the extensive outline story that would go to the papers he also added \"Queenan's death has not been investigated - why ?\" and \"Captain Ellerby's judgement cannot be trusted\" A slander maybe, or maybe not. Unfortunately, one Cop who might help Billy could not easily be traced, Captain Queenan's son. He also bought some small binoculars, warm waterproof clothing for night work, and checked out various connections for part-time day work. He might have to lie low observing events for some time and money could be an issue. As a recent recruit to the gang he had not been \"well paid\", and bribes for information were often costly. He began spying on Sullivan's tower block by night, before going to bars frequented by many cops to gain Intel and hear the gossip. Sullivan generally came home in the early evening like a good hardworking creep. Sullivan also had someone else living in his flat, his fiancée according to the caretaker. Once the packages for the police Sergeants were ready it was time to move. In the early morning, hidden under his hood, Billy delivered the packages by hand to the Police HQ and scurried away. Over the next few days he worked as a part-time low-cost security guard during the day, and spied on Sullivan's tower block by night, before going to the various bars frequented by the low ranking cops. Sullivan continued to came home, but a lot earlier. Evidently he was having work issues. The talk was that Sullivan was a rotten apple but that Ellerby was siting on the fence while calling for an outside investigation. Sullivan was definitely a convincing liar and ingenious at formenting excuses. Possibly he had worked in advance on cover stories. Dignam was barely mentioned. After two days Billy decided that it was time to stoke up the pressure, and delivered his packages to several of the papers, and a local TV news office. The evening was relatively uneventful, yet it seemed like the calm before the storm; news people were asking questions both at police HQ and in the bars. \"Who was Dignam\" was being asked. The next day it was in the papers and the afternoon news; they also played the various recordings that he had sent. That evening Billy observed Sullivan heading home faster than normal. Sullivan acted as if he were troubled. Billy decided not to break cover just yet; the weather was bad and a break in his normal pattern would be wise. No telling what Sullivan might be planing or who else might be watching. Yes, there were watchers, FBI most likely from the look of them though Billy couldn't be sure, and Billy didn't want a confrontation at his flat with Sullivan just yet. Neither did he trust the arrogant FBI jerks, they seemed as rotten as the Boston Police Force and might not want their dealings with Costello aired. Then a figure emerged from the building, burdened with bags and a suitcase. She seemed in distress. Sullivan's fiancée speculated Billy. When he got a good look at her with the lenses, Billy was shocked. Madelyn ! That ratfink had been screwing her ! Billy changed tack and followed her. She seemed daised and in distress all right. Once there appeared to be no sign of a tail, Billy approached her. Her distress was very real, and she seemed ill. Billy guided her to a sheltered place and learned that she had learned the truth on the Early Evening News; the key recording had been played and the truth had been quite clear to her. When Sullivan got in they had rowed and she had walked out. She clearly loved him but could not stand being married to a crook in cop's clothing. It was clear from her actions that she would be happier settling for a crook in crooks clothing; or maybe a cop in crooks clothing ? Then she mentioned that she was pregnant and didn't know who the father was. That came as a jolt. Billy told her that, like Sullivan, he had not been honest with her, but there was an honest reason for that; the most important thing now was a place for the night as she had given up the lease on her own apartment. Billy called a cab and had it take them to his cousin Shaun's place. Shaun and Auntie were in and Shaun agreed to drive them to Billy's flat. Shaun pointedly asked if this had a connection with current news events; Billy decided to say \"yes, but the less said the better, as he was going to be the Black Sheep of the family soon\". Shaun, despite being rather slow on the uptake, was definitely thinking that over. Madelyn was puzzled by Billy checking out the area first, so Billy told here that any danger was to him, not her or Shaun. Once inside Billy made tea and tried to make up an evening meal. Madelyn studied the miserable contents of the flat, and began to realise how empty Billy's life had been since his parents had died. Then she saw the academic awards and photos on the walls, and asked exactly what Billy had hidden from her. Billy admitted to being an undercover cop who had been left to hang out to dry because of the Police Corruption that was now being exposed. He didn't know if any Cops who might come looking for him would be friend or foe. He had sent out details to the media and the Cops, but he had to stay incognito because only Dignam knew what he was and that Sullivan held all the Aces. He was forced to hide his dual identity from her; it had been tearing him apart for the past two years. She could see that this was true. They decided to sleep on the matter. The next day Billy stressed that she was welcome to stay as long as she wanted to, but it was necessary to keep his location secret, as Sullivan might try to follow her. As Sullivan meant a lot to Madelyn, Billy was, with reluctance, willing to bury the hatchet, but having his police criminal record cleared and getting his back pay and bonus was not negotiable; anyway things were now out of Billy's hands, he was just trying to navigate the rapids. Billy didn't want to involve Shaun again, or his aunt, but he knew that they would not refuse to put her up if necessary. She agreed to meet up with him at a bar after he had finished work so that he could escort her home. After some evening shopping they stayed in that night. The news and the papers continued to feature the police corruption scandal, but there was nothing useful said. The next night, rather than leaving Madelyn alone while he spent the night out gathering Intel, Billy decided that they should go to one of the better bars where she would fit in better. There was little to be learned though, however Billy found that he drew some over curious stares. They seemed puzzled rather than unfriendly; maybe some of the cops were putting two and two together after checking police records; only Billy had survived that nights confrontation with the cops by beating a strategic retreat, most of the gang had departed this mortal coil, the rest were critically injured. The next night proved harrowing; there were more stares, though few were unfriendly, and they were accosted as they tried to leave. Billy's arms were pinned and he was frisked. His cash card was removed and examined by the group. From the responses of \"Pay up\" it was clear that these were cops who were doing a bet on his identity. One prick even asked \"Ask him if he's a cop\", however another replied that any answer could not be trusted either way. After this Billy was released with a comment that they were not looking for trouble. Scared, Madelyn said that she would pick where they went out next. A few cops followed them from the bar, but not for long; clearly they were just curious to look at the new animal in the zoo. When they got home all became clear. Shaun had left a message to get in touch in Billy's mobile phone inbox. On contacting Shaun, Billy was treated to a not very convincing tirade about him being the disgraceful Black Sheep of the family. Asking if Madolyn could stay there if need be, drew the comment \"And when is the baby due?\". Apparently there had been an exclusive TV interview by reporters with a confused Dignam, who being out-of-town knew nothing about Costello's death. On being told about the situation he was irate that Sullivan had not been locked up and the key thrown away, and that Branigan had not been suspended. Regarding Ellerby's judgement and Billy's status he was noncommittal, only confirming that \"there was an undercover cop in Costello's gang\", and that \"under the circumstances (Billy) Costigan should be put in protective custody\". Others higher up must have joined the pieces together, and both the reporters and those cops at the bar must have heard something about it. Billy decided not to work that day, but to lie low. Billy phoned in as sick, and was met with a response suggesting that the supervisor had also heard the news and suspected that Billy was a cop. He spent the day shopping, walking in the park, and searching the Public Records offices for leads on Queenan's son. When he met Maddy that afternoon she was carrying a big menswear bag. Enquiring, she commented that they would go somewhere different tonight. The bag contained a full three-piece Monkey Suit, wing collar shirt, bow tie, and shiny black shoes. Well, it looked and felt good on, but it did make his apartment look shabby. That night they went to a restaurant and then to see a musical. The Pirates of Penzance would have been appropriate. Anyway, he felt able to relax for once. Nothing happened for a week. Billy resuming part-time work and they went out a few evenings to meet Maddie's friends or try out The Monkey Suit again. Less was being said about corruption in the media and Billy was getting worried. Billy considered hiring a lawyer to make a financial claim against the Boston Police Force, or perhaps even talking to some crime reporting turds about what was happening. Billy was also concerned about the arrival of the baby, this might not be a good place for Maddy unless things were more settled. Then a new young local cop, still wet behind the ears, showed up at the door, timidly asking if a Detective Costigan lived here. The guy was out of his depth, terrified at being alone and so far from either the local station or a cop car. Obviously he had been chosen because he was no threat to a pro. Billy asked him why he was looking for Detective Costigan, and he replied that he had a note from a Staff Sergeant Dignum. The note was just a phone number. After a vociferous and often foul-mouthed phone conversation, Billy had got the gist of the current situation. The corruption scandal was being compromised by political concerns, which was why the results of analysing the bank records that Billy had given Maddy were on ice; political futures might be at stake. The records were mainly recent payments to accounts belonging to politicos and officials, although there were some odd cash accounts, probably to support cash payments. Sullivan now had powerful friends of convenience that he had never known before, and there was unrest in the ranks over what Billy's stash of documents might uncover. Sullivan (presumably) having deleted Billy's records and Ellerby being made to look like a fool by Sullivan, did not help the situation either. Dignum told Billy to wait another week until Ellerby had sorted something out. Apparently it should be possible to retrieve Billy's records from the system backups. If not, it would have to be done the hard way by following a paper trail that even Sullivan could not erase because one had to know who to talk to elsewhere and upstairs and what about. However, Billy's criminal record had been amended to unofficially reinstate him. Just to make sure, all the Staff Sergeants, and in particular Sullivan and Harrigan, had been informed by Ellerby that Billy had been reinstated, and then they had been left to sweat. Billy decided to visit some of the bars again, after leaving Maddy either at Shaun's or with her friends. The off duty cops had clearly got the message that Billy was both hands off and a cop. Most ignored Billy, a few were curious, and the odd new recruit tried to be genuinely friendly. A week later Dignam phoned Billy and told him to come in with the stash, which Billy had hidden in his Dad's garage lockup. An escort was provided for Billy, just in case of trouble. Coming in, Billy passed Sullivan's office; if looks could kill. Billy was seen by Ellerby, Lazall, and some others who Billy knew nothing about. He was informed that there was insufficient proof, and other venal reasons, for Sullivan and Harrigan to be charged with anything worthwhile or even moved on to another precinct, as they were now tainted and no-one would have them. However, if they did move on they would leave an odious slime trail behind them.. Billy was offered two choices, either being paid off as he had originally wanted, or a new type of \"undercover\" assignment. Basically, as a new broom, Billy was to continue investigating corruption in the force. The Costello stash was to be fully analysed and the results stored on ice until needed. The entire Force was to be investigated from the ground up, or one could say from the Bar up as Billy had been doing. Billy was to produce regularly updated reports from a Master Dossier which was to be held by Billy under wraps. This would contain gossip, innuendo and who did favours for whom. The reports would only deal with stuff that needed real attention by those above, or anything that might affect current investigations. Though not a cop as such, Billy would carry a Police Pass and have the right to request assistance. Billy would have the right to ask Sullivan (and everyone else) awkward questions. It might be the only way to stop Sullivan making Captain or higher. Billy now had to enquire about expenses since it looked as if The Monkey Suit was going to come in handy when meeting with the Great and The Good, or doing undercover queries at the opera : Costello had been a big opera fan. Billy preferred Gilbert and Sullivan. ","Summary":" It's known that during sleep many intractable problems can be solved, like the solution of the stru"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Suffer Screaming Saints","Author":"Ififall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8747916","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Slash. Strong language. Liked the film, Hated the ending, so I changed it. Billy the comeback kid was gonna end this fucker. Right here. Right now. Every punch to the face gave him a fucking hard on, it was so addictive. Cuffing himself to Colin's sides he leaned against the elevator. The machine taking Colin down to his doom. \"Do it, just fucking Kill me\" Colin groaned. \"No fucking way\" Billy said as Colin stroked Billy's hand with his stray finger. Death was too good for the son of a bitch. Billy knew that if Colin hadn't been such a trusting dopey fuck, Colin would have stabbed him months ago in the bat of an eye. He knew which side Colin's fucking bread was buttered. He avoided Colin's gaze as Colin pushed him up against elevator wall. \"You can't run\" Billy said. \"No...you can't\" Colin said as he leaned forward to kiss him. Billy held his gun tighter as he responded, Colin's blood from Billy's punches dribbling on his skin. Yeah, in other circumstances, he would have pressed his palms up to the elevator panels and fucked Colin's brains out but he couldn't. Billy pushed him away with a shy index finger as Colin's hand wandered around Billy's waist searching for that gun. Detective Brown met them at the ground floor and called for back up. Billy wish came true as Colin's colleagues pulled up open mouthed. \"Sergeant Sullivan's a double crossing rat for hire\" Billy said. \"I just can't fucking believe it\" Ellerby said in the bar. \"He's probably gonna get passed on to another fucking precinct\" Dignam said. \"What?\" Billy said. \"We got him for fuck's sake, now you're telling me we let him go and give him an first class ticket to easy street\" He said. \"If it was up to me, Sullivan would be fucking eating fucking bullets\" Dignam said. \"More bullets than I shot in your mother last night\" He said looking at Ellerby. \"She told me over supper, I think she's moving on to your brother, he lasts longer\" Ellerby said. \"There's gotta be some way to convince the ball breakers upstairs to let us have him\" Dignam said. \"Think with your brain Ellerby, not your dick\" Billy sipped his beer in silence as the three of them racked their brains to keep Sullivan with them. After a help out with the mole in the press, Sullivan's story was kept back for a few days. Billy and Detective Brown pulled out bags out popcorn as Sullivan dirty double crossing betrayal of the police force broke out. \"Exclusive news an unamed Police officer has been arrested in connection with local Gang Chief Frank Costello more exclusive details when we get them in\" \"Stop with the \"Exclusive\" shit you lying bitch\" Brown yelled at the TV. \"Don't tell I told you, but Ellerby's thinking of giving that Sullivan rat-bitch up to another dog pound\" Billy said. \"Shit... bet a twenty Dignam's gonna go to his bosses with a rifle on dress down friday\" Brown said. Billy woke up early in the morning to check the news he wasn't getting much info so he went to get the local paper. He strode down the street walking past all the people that thought he was a nobody. In a few days he'd be on every paper in town. He knocked the shoulder of a woman with shopping bags and looked over to apologise. It was Madolyn, that shrink he'd screwed a while ago. He understood that she had a boyfriend and it was getting serious. That's why he thought she broke it off. \"Hey\" He said. \"We need to talk\" Madolyn said. They went to her apartment and she made them coffee. She took out a packet of biscuits and put them on the table. \"Take what you want\" She said pointing at the packet. \"I always do\" Billy said opening the packet. Madolyn brought out plates and took seven biscuits out of the packet. \"A dozen biscuits for breakfast?\" Billy asked eating his own biscuits and spreading crumbs on the table. \"I'm eating for two now\" Madolyn said as she rubbed her stomach. Billy paused and stared at her stomach. \"I don't know\" She said calmly. \"The dates overlap...I don't want to give you an Illusion. I can't tell you the truth because...I don't know it yet\" Madolyn said. \"Thanks...for being honest\" Billy told her. \"How are you gonna deal with your boyfriend?\" He asked. \"My ex boyfriend had already been dealt with...it's personal and it's a little early to go into details\" Madolyn said. \"You sound like a cop\" Billy said. \"I guess I would...I've lived with one\" Madolyn said as doubt flooded Billy's mind and he tried to stop putting two and two together. Father hood. Possible Fatherhood. Was that even a word? Now her boyfriend was out of the picture could Billy be a fucked up father of a happy family? He didn't know, he didn't feel like he could be. Family men had good families to go on and Billy had no-one. He went to work and Dignam was trotting around the office like a baby goat looking for milk. \"Heard anything? He asked Davies and Wilkingson. They shook their heads. When Ellerby came out Billy could feel Dignam's heart stop. \"A announcement guys\" Ellerby said. Dignam stood to attention and Billy sat down. \" About Sullivan. Unfortunately there's a high chance we've gotta let go...\" \"Fuck!\" Dignam said as their colleagues groaned. \"May I continue? We've gotta let go unload carefully on Sullivan and his lawyer, 'cause there's a good chance his lying ass is with us\" Ellerby said. \"Bring that Fucker on\" Dignam said. Billy and Brown nodded. \"Calm down\" Ellerby said. \"He's asking for his girlfriend, she's refusing to see him\" \"Good\" Dignam said. \"Costigan and Brown, seeing as you apprehended him, you can go and see him. Dignam, sit tight, you'll get a shot\" Ellerby said. \"Not literally\" Ellerby reminded him. Brown and Costigan were briefed by Ellerby over how to conduct themselves. They were going to tread carefully with Queenan and concentrate on his relationship with Costello. They had no idea what the connection was. Was Sullivan just a friend, a business partner, a fuck buddy? They all had to know. Costigan would take charge with the interviews while Brown took care of the tape. Sullivan was escorted by police officers back to his own precinct. Billy smiled at Colin's hell. When Colin stepped in the room the whispers started, the dirty stares like pin-pricks digging into Colin's skin. He'd hold his head high. He had nothing to be ashamed about. It was hard juggling the pieces of his life together, putting his career on the line for Costello, a king of the nobodies. What a waste. Now Madolyn was gonna raise their kid, his kid without him, and Sullivan couldn't let that happen. He was guided to the dreaded interview room. He heard whispers were turning into shouts outside. \"Rot in hell\" \"Sneaky son of a bitch\" People were saying knowing that he could hear them. The door opened and Costigan and Brown came in. \"Morning Gents\" Sullivan said, as Brown put the tape on. \"What? I don't get no hugs or fucking kisses ? He asked looking at Billy. \"Costello\" Billy said. \"You know that name?\" Billy asked. \"There are plenty of \"Costellos\" in Boston\" Sullivan said. \"Don't be fucking smart\" Billy said. \"We know you're connected, you've probably been killing for Costello for years. You know your fuck buddy's dead don't you? Costello was shot like a fucking dog in the street\"Billy said waiting for the horror to form in Sullivan's eyes. Sullivan didn't bat an eyelid. Costello would have to be a vicious secret, that only God would judge him for. ","Summary":" A/N Slash. Strong language. Liked the film, Hated the ending, so I changed it. Billy the comeback k"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Starting Traditions","Author":"veiledndarkness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5573943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Starting Traditions Author: veiledndarkness Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Dignam/Costigan Summary: Add tree lots to the list of annoyances this season… Disclaimer: Not mine, no profit made and no harm is intended. AU from movie's end. X It'd been years since he'd had a real tree, one of the big kinds, not pre-lit or prickly with faux needles or any other weird fucking color that the industry had come up with that season. Sean scowled at the rows of trees and stuffed his gloved hands into his coat pockets. Each one looked the same, if you asked him. Which nobody was, he grumbled silently, following Billy through row after row of pine, spruce and balsam trees. \"I don't like the feel of these needles,\" Billy concentrated, stopping every few feet or so, \"Too scratchy.\" \"God no, not scratchy ones,\" Sean rolled his eyes. \"Will you just pick a fuckin' tree already? It's too cold for this shit.\" Billy ignored him in favour of finding the right one. \"Relax; I'll know when I see it. With all that fuming, I'd think you were plenty warm in the midst of your rage.\" He stopped again, taking a deep breath. \"Smell that air, huh?\" Sean muttered colourful words under his breath, puffs escaping his mouth. \"Mhm, like a car freshener, nice n' pine-y fresh, now pick one before my balls freeze off!\" \"Patience is a virtue, Sergeant.\" \"What about them fake ones in the stores? The warm stores with the fake trees, no needles, no clean up...\" Billy spared him a glance, smirking. \"You hate department stores.\" \"And Christmas music, and fake Santa's, and mistletoe,\" Sean grumbled. \"Aw settle down, Mr. Grinch.\" Billy ran one hand along the needles of another tree and smiled. \"Perfect, yeah this one's fine.\" \"Hallelujah.\" Billy shook his head. \"Go get the tree man before your mouth freezes shut. Now that would be a tragedy, wouldn't it?\" Sean glared at him. \"Wiseass,\" he muttered as he went in search of the man running the lot. \"You love it,\" Billy called, smiling. He stroked his finger along one branch. Yeah, this one would be fine for their first real Christmas together. X ","Summary":" Title: Starting Traditions Author: veiledndarkness Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Dignam/Costigan Summary: "},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"You can live twice","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8965057","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Billy had gone, Madelyn was stricken with anxiety. She knew Billy was a crook, but she also knew that he was a good person, trapped, and in real danger. The packet contained another big envelope labelled \"Evidence - Costello's recent bank record payments\", and a smaller envelope. The small envelope was covered with detailed delivery instructions. \"Maddy, this letter and the bank statements are evidence that must ONLY be given to Staff Sergeant Dignum. If I am alive, I may need his help to get or stay out of jail. There is police corruption which is why you must deliver it straight to him. If anything has happened to him (he should have contacted me) go as high as you can - Captain's Ellerby or Lazall.\" As explanation, say the information in the letter and the bank statements will help expose Costello's police mole, and that I really worked for Captain Queenan, not for Costello. Shaken, she read the enclosed letter, and had to think. She slept badly, and arrived at work an hour early. She accessed the database for Dignam's home number but got no reply. She contacted Captain Ellerby and asked about Dignum. She was told that he was away on indefinite sick leave. Shaken, she began to relate to Ellerby what she knew. For Ellerby, this was one of these days before the day had even started. He was just finishing breakfast when the precinct's resident shrink called him. What she had said to him had shaken him. Costello had got us by the balls, and in particular himself, since by booting out Dignum they had no undercover support. He had no interest in employing crooks and so no understanding of undercover operations and procedures. Now this could be catching up on them. The letter had said : \"Costello is going crazy trying to identify me. He has given His mole the means to deduce the passwords needed to break into Queenan's undercover personnel database. Rather than trust to the phone, I asked Queenan to see me about this and every precaution was taken to avoid a tail. Yet they knew where we where. The police tail is the key . Whoever set that tail after Queenan, or stopped it intervening, is Costello's mole. You should have contacted me, so I can only assume Queenan's phone has been lost. I do not know what to do, other than try to sit it out and hope that the mole does not find me - unless Costello gets me killed - he's going psycho. As I have no next of kin use my back pay and any other monies owed me for a police or orphan's charity and say to my cousin Sean \"sorry that I lied about not being a cop\" as I had to involve him in a petty crooked scheme in order to get Costelo's attention.\" He asked Dr Madden if that was all, and she hesitantly said no. The signature was not written in italics like a signature, more like a code \"WMCostiganJnr\". He said he would do what he could, gave her his mobile number, and left for work in a hurry. He went to Queenan's office and accessed Queenan's database. Sure enough, the \"signature\" was a password. Besides the basic criminal record, it stated that Billy was on an assignment to penetrate and break Costello's gang, and Billy was entitled to a huge reward on successful completion of the assignment. For full personnel data consult the main Police Employment Records. Consult the main Police Employment Records - oh shit! Ellerby went to his office and accessed Billy's Police Employment Record without any hitch. Ellerby was old school, pre computer, and it never occurred to him to try to change Billy's password. Anyway, he would have worried about knock-on effects, since only he would know what the new password was. Ellerby contacted Lazall, and while not mentioning Billy's name, he stressed the urgency of the situation. There was little they could do except remain alert - trying to protect Billy by arresting him could be counter productive and take far too long. However, maybe they could turn The Mole's tricks back on The Mole. Ellerby went to Surveillance Ops. and demanded details of the tail which had been put on Captain Queenan. Rather loudly, he revealed why the tail had served Costello's purposes and that their main undercover asset was at stake because the database was insecure. Given how much gossiping went on, the revelation would spread and might give the mole pause for thought. Despite not believing that Sullivan was the mole, he ordered a phone tap to be put on Sullivan as he was now suspect number one. Due to the pressure of work Ellerby then forgot the matter. The night when they were following Costello's drug operation, Sullivan had to reveal that he was running Billy. Ellerby felt that this revelation vindicated Sullivan. Even so, he was not a Captain for nothing, and Sullivan's account felt odd, so the phone tap was not removed. However, as Costello's death was cause for celebration and Billy was not included among the dead or captured, Ellerby forgot about the matter. Several days later, it was a shock when Dr Madden phoned him. The account was garbled but Ellerby swung into action. Operations, who were about to contact Ellerby regarding the conversation Billy had just had with Sullivan, was ordered to arrest Sullivan for corruption and take Detective Costigan into protective custody. Unfortunately, even though they had the trace on Sullivan's phone, by the time the arrest team reached the scene of the shoot-out it was too late. Ellerby ordered the team to ignore Sullivan for now (give him some rope thought Ellerby), and aid the victims. Ellerby stressed that everything possible and impossible should be done to save them; it proved a very good idea. Though Barrigan proved definitely dead, both Brown and Billy were another matter. Brown had lost a lot of blood but no critical organs were severely damaged. In the hospital Brown responded to heart stimulation and went into intensive life support; the only problem was expected to be brain damage. Billy was more difficult. Although Billy had lost less blood and responded to heart stimulation, a head shot is difficult to recover from, if ever. Fortunately, the site of the head shot was to a less critical area. Ellerby visited Billy the next day and was told that it could be months before Billy was lucid, if ever. Fake burials had to be arranged, something that Sullivan was happy to crow over. After the funeral, Ellerby told both Dr Madden and Sean, in confidence, that Billy was alive, just. A month later Billy recovered consciousness. After two month's he was recognising Dr Madden and Shaun, but nothing else. Brown had given a statement but it was garbled and of little value, if anything it corroborated Sullivan's story. For the sake of secrecy, Brown was later moved to work for another precinct. Of cause, the recordings from the tap on Sullivan's phone told another story, and a search done by the neighbouring precincts was underway to find Billy's document stash. After six months Billy was moved to a sanatorium. Dr Madden visited the sanatorium at weekends, along with their new-born son; whose blond hair showed his parentage. By this time the stash had been found, a bright detective having widened the search to South Boston locations related to Billy's late father. The stash, labelled \"POLICE EVIDENCE\", was well hidden in a lock up garage that had once been leased by Billy's father and then re-leased by Billy. Unfortunately the stash yielded little of value regarding police corruption, just political and business corruption. Billy had copied the CD that he had used to flush Sullivan out, but Sullivan proved to be a Master of Excuses when it was revealed. Sullivan also had support from powerful friends that he never knew he had and looked ready to become Captain (somewhere), unless Dignam removed him first. Dignum, always a head case after having been an undercover agent for Queenan, kept having dreams about executing Sullivan, and was ordered to see a shrink on a regular basis if he was to make Captain. A year later Billy left the sanatorium. Not fully recovered, but able to work again and with plenty of money. While the Police Training Academy wanted to make use of Billy's services, it was only on a part-time basis to help with a course on undercover operations. Billy considered moving to California, were a minder was needed for a CBI consultant called Patrick Jane. There was also an interesting opening under Captain Renard in the Portland, Oregon, city police force, assisting Detective Nick Burckhardt and his partner. However, an intriguing message had reached Billy from a place called Storybrooke, nearby in Maine. So Billy and his little family decided to go there and have a weeks sightseeing at the place. If there was work to be had there, Billy would still be close by if he was needed to testify against Sullivan. ","Summary":" After Billy had gone, Madelyn was stricken with anxiety. She knew Billy was a crook, but she also k"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Tough Love","Author":"LexyLovesPunk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6857758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey guys..\" I said,walking into the house. \"Hey,Lex\" Taylor's mom said. \"Where's Donnie?\" I asked. \"He's upstairs.\" She said. \"Okay.\" I said. \"What's wrong with her?\" She asked. \"She misses Mark,mom.\" Taylor said. \"Ohh..\" She said. \"Yeah,mom..\" Taylor said. I walked into Donnie's room,and he smiled at me, \"Hey,Kiddo.\" He smiled giving me a hug. \"Hey,D\" I smiled weekly. \"Mark called.\" He said. \"Hey said that he wont be able to make it home for another week and a half. I'm sorry,Lex.\" He said. \"It's fine. It's fine.\" I said. \"I miss him too\" He said. \"Yeah...\" I said. \"So,are you gonna tell him when he gets here?\" Donnie asked. \"Tell him,what,D?\" I asked. \"Oh please. You may have everyone else fooled. But not me.\" He said. \"I don't know what your talking about.\" I said. \"You have a huge crush on Mark. I know it.\" He said. \"No,i don't\" I said. \"Lexy. Really? We grew up together. I know you. And i know how you act around guys that you like.\" He said. I didn't say anything. \"How long have you known?\" I asked. \"A long time: He said. \"Just don't mention it to anyone else. I don't want it getting out. Okay?\" I said. \"No worries,Lex. I only told Mark.\" He said,smiling. \"Your a jackass\" I laughed,throwing a pillow at him. \"Your number one at your service.\" He laughed. \"What would i do without you,Donnie?\" I smiled,laying down on the bed. \"I don't know. Die?\" He said,flopping down on the bed next to me,laughing. Which in return cause me to laugh too. \"So,are you gonna tell him?\" he asked,getting serious. \"Probably not.\" I said. \"Why not,Lex?\" He asked,now sitting up. \"Because. What if he doesn't like me back?\" I said,sitting up too. \"Is that what your worried about?\" He asked. \"Well,yeah. That and I don't want this to ruin our friendship. You know?\" I said. \"Yeah,i know. But you never know until you try.\" He said. \"I know.\" I said. I was sitting on the bed with Donnie,and i grabbed a pillow. Then,my phone rang. I looked at the caller ID and it was Mark. \"Hello?\" I said. \"Hey you.\" He said. \"Hey Mark.\" I smiled. \"What's up?\" He asked. \"Not much. Just hanging out with Donnie. You?\" I said. \"Sitting on the tour bus. Being bored.\" He said. \"I'm sorry.\" I said. \"It's cool. So,i wont be able to come home for a little while longer.\" He said. \"I heard.\" I sighed. \"I'm sorry.\" He said. \"It's okay.\" I said. Then it got quiet,and i started fumbling with the string on the pillow. \"Are you okay?\" He asked. \"Yeah. I'm okay.\" I lied. \"Is there something on your mind?\" He asked. \"No. Well,yeah. But it's nothing that Donnie can't make better.\" i said. \"Well,what's up? I wanna help.\" He said. \"It's a lot to take in right now. Maybe we should just talk when you get home. Okay?\" I said. \"Alright,fine.\" He said. \"Mark.\" I asked. \"I gotta go. Bye.\" He said,then hung up. \"Bye.\" I said,throwing down my phone and sighing. \"This is great.\" I said,wiping my tears away. \"It'll be okay.\" Donnie said,kissing my forehead. That night,i crawled into bed,and grabbed my IPhone from my bedside table. Then i got a call. It was Mark. \"Hello?\" I said. \"Hey.\" He said. \"Hey..\" I said. \"I'm sorry about earlier.\" He said. \"It's okay.\" I said. \"I just couldn't go to bed with this feeling.\" He said. \"Yeah,me neither.\" I said. \"Well i gotta go. I'll see you soon,okay?\" He said. \"Okay.\" I said. \"Night\" He said. \"Night\" I said. Then we hung up. The next few days went really good. Then Monday I was sitting on my bed,and on my computer,when Donnie came in. \"Hey you. What are you doing today?\" He asked. \"You're looking at it\" I smiled. \"Fun stuff.\" He smiled. \"Yeah.\" I smiled back. \"So,i'm going into town. Do you need anything at the store?\" He asked. \"Umm,no. Not that i can think of.\" I said. \"Okay. Ill be back soon. Okay?\" He asked. About an hour later,i was still sitting in my room on the computer,when i heard a car door open,then slam shut. I heard Donnie come up the stairs,and give me a bottle water. \"Thanks,D\" I smiled. \"No problem.\" He smiled back. About 10 minutes later,i was sitting in my room,and singing along to the radio,while online. Funny thing was,i was listening to Marky Mark - Hey DJ. I heard someone else singing along to it,and i looked over at the door. ","Summary":" \"Hey guys..\" I said,walking into the house. \"Hey,Lex\" Taylor's mom said. \"Where's Donnie?\" I "},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Unwinding","Author":"MusicAddictAtLarge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8310817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"What did you just say?\" I asked in disbelief. \"I said that I liked you Shannon.\" Dignam said grabbing my hands. \"You're lying. Your only saying that because you hate Colin and the fact that I'm going to marry him.\" I said with a tear escaping. He couldn't do this now. Not after the years of liking him and finally finding someone to fill his place in my heart. I finally found someone else besides me that made me happy. \"I only hate Colin because he has you and I don't.\" He had a pleading look in his eyes. I tried to turn away but he grabbed onto my hands tighter. \"I've liked you since I first got to know you in high school. Your dad told me to not get close to anyone because I was undercover but as soon as I met you I wanted to get to know you. Your dad almost had my head on a platter when he found out we were friends. Especially after he let it slip that you may have liked me. I was so fucking obvious after I heard that you maybe liked me. Everyone could see it. Why couldn't you?\" I started to think of all the things that he'd done for me. Prom, dealing with my heart break, giving me rides to things he wouldn't be caught dead at with anyone else. \" I didn't notice? It seemed like half of the time you were in your world of \"I'm Sean Dignam, I'm so cool\" You didn't even notice that I liked you!\" I said getting mad. There was no way he was going to make this out to be my fault. \"Shannon, let's just forget the past. Right now I like you. A lot. I don't know what you think about me, but I think you do like me because you're so upset over this whole Colin thing. Shannon let me make up the fact that you thought I was a jerk for so long. Let me show you how much I really care about you. Please.\" His brown eyes were filled with hope that I would give him a chance. I forgot that I was even mad at him looking into his eyes. \"Sean you're a little late with everything.\" I said. \"Colin proposed. I said yes.\" I turned away from him in case a tear decided to escape. \"I think you're the only reason you ever dated Colin was because you love the idea of him.\" He said his voice having a slight hint of anger in it. \"How the hell would you know what's going on in my head?\" I demanded facing him. He looked surprised with the tone in my voice. \"Shannon I know you. You wanted to date a cop ever since you got out of high school. Well, look at me. I'm a cop too! I work with your dad, I think he'd be happy if we ended up going out at some time in our lives. Please Shannon, give me a chance.\" He went from angry to pleading in 6 sentences. \"Well maybe you don't know me because that is NOT-\" before I could finish my sentence his lips were against mine. It was a small kiss, but then I kissed him back. It became more passionate. He put his hands on my hips while I tangled my hands in his hair. I had always wanted to kiss him, but this was better than anything I had ever imagined. \"Shannon are you almost ready to go?\" Ronnie asked walking into the room. \"WOAH!\" she exclaimed. I quickly pushed myself away from Sean and walked towards her. \"Yep. Let's go.\" I said, knowing my cheeks were bright red. We walked towards the door and I grabbed my keys. \"What about Dignam?\" She asked. \"Forget him. Let's go to the bar.\" I said opening the door. \"Cass is probably waiting for us already.\" We took Ronnie's car and we didn't talk the whole car ride. When we got there she didn't unlock the car. \"Do you want to talk about what happened in there?\" She asked looking at me concerned. \"What happened?\" I asked hoping she would play along with it. \"I walked in on you and Dignum kissing.\" She said. \"I'm happy for you guys and everything but really this is bad timing-\" I cut her off by sticking my hand in her face. \"Nothing happened. Don't speak of it to anyone. Especially Cassie. She won't ever let me live it down and she'll accidentally let it slip to Colin and I don't want that happening.\" I said quickly. \"Your secret is safe with me.\" Ronniee said pretending to lock her lips and throw away the key. We went into the bar and found Cassie with my brother Will. Ronnie's POV sometime later after Shannon has had a few drinks. It was absolutely hilarious to watch Shannon get shit faced drunk. You always heard what she really was thinking, the things she wouldn't say out loud normally because she's just too nice of a person. \"Ronnie!\" Shannon said excitedly. \"Ya?\" I asked her. If it was a repeat of last time she was this drunk I didn't want to have to pull her down from the tables, and I didn't think I could do it by myself, Cassie and Will had left already, party poopers. \"Do you know what happened to me today?\" She asked her speech slurred. \"What happened honey?\" I asked trying to get her to sit down across the table from me. \"You know silly you walked in on it!\" She said with a giggle. \"Oh, right. You and Dignam kissed.\" I said trying to erase that memory out of my brain. Two of my best friends from high school kissing in front of me wasn't exactly the best thing in the world to see, especially when one of them was recently engaged. \" He kissed me. \" Shannon said. \"Well I mean I kissed him back but still he kissed me first!\" she said squealing like a little girl who just got her first kiss. \"It was wonderful! Everything I used to dream it would be!\" \"How will Colin feel about this?\" I asked trying to rationalize her. \"Colin?\" She asked confused. \"Your fiancé Colin. They guy who proposed to you like three days ago.\" I said praying for her to remember. Some of the guys at this bar were cops and worked with Colin and Dignam. I hoped they weren't paying attention to us. \"OH!\" She exclaimed. \"Him?\" I nodded. \"Well really he can go fuck off. I've loved Dignam for years. The only reason I dated Colin was to piss Sean off. And you know what? He just decided to date Natalie Lane. I didn't think he liked me at all after that. He knew I hated Natalie, he's the one who took me to prom after Cole cheated on me with her for Christ's sake! I guess now I know why he did it, to make me jealous and pissed at him. Well it worked I mean I said yes to Colin when he proposed!\" ","Summary":" \"What did you just say?\" I asked in disbelief. \"I said that I liked you Shannon.\" Dignam said g"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"A Friend, Psychiatrist, Daughter, Girlfriend","Author":"skylark336","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8312857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I don't like him.\" Dignam said sitting across the table. \"Then it's a good thing you're not dating him.\" Allanah replied with a smile. \"My dad likes him.\" \"That's because he thinks you like him.\" \"I do like him. You're the one who doesn't.\" \"Exactly, I don't like him, and I'm your best friend. I obviously only have your best interests at heart. When I say that that new guy you're dating seems like a total loser you really ought to say,\" He made his voice more high-pitch to sound like Allanah's and continued \"'Oh Sean, thank you for letting me know that loser's a jackass and saving all the tissues and Taylor Swift songs.\" Allanah shook her head as Sean took another swig from his coffee smirking as he swallowed. \"You are so mean. You hardly even know him. How in the world do you even think, nonetheless know, that he is an asshole?\" \"Actually, I said jackass but asshole works, too.\" He smiled mockingly. \"Sorry, it's pretty difficult to keep track of all of the curse words you use; there's far too many of them.\" Allanah pushed back her hair. Sean, who had once been the biggest crush of her life only to never show interest and break her heart who was now her best friend, was now also one of the main sources of stress in her life (only he could hate her boyfriend when he'd had all of one real conversation with the guy); add in the fact that she had a new client- Billy- who was so in need of help yet too difficult to accept it and Allanah was a ball anxiety. \"Sean,\" Allanah looked up with intentionally sad eyes, \"will you please just drop it? You are my best friend there's no question about that, but I'm not sure about Colin and me. I'm not sure what this thing is between us is. All I know is that it seems right.\" Sean Dignam rolled his eyes and agreed out of frustration. The fact that he couldn't stand to hurt Allanah in a fight, as simple as this one nonetheless, was proof enough of how crazy he was about her. Just then, Sean's phone buzzed. He received a text that the new undercover- Billy Costigan- had a few leads on Costello. \"You gotta go?\" Allanah asked. \"Yeah, super sorry Lanah.\" He reached for his wallet but Allanah stopped him. \"No, I got it. You go.\" Allanah insisted. \"Have fun catching the bad guys.\" \"As always; we'll talk later.\" Sean gave a wave. \"Have fun chatting with the criminally insane, oh, and your patients.\" An obvious dig at Colin. \"Bye Digger.\" Sean left while Allanah paid the waitress and reached for her phone. Damn it, she thought, 10 missed calls- this has to be a joke. They were all random- one from her dad calling about lunch tomorrow afternoon, three from Colin planning and then cancelling then replanning dinner for tonight, an old one from Sean asking \"where the fuck this new coffee shop was\", one from both of her two roommates, and three from work reporting Billy, a client of hers whom she had starred, highlighted and otherwise drawn attention to in order to communicate with the office's secretary that she needed to be aware of every time he so much as butt-dialed her office when she was out, had called. She called her father, Colin and her roommates back as she hurried back to her office for an appointment she had already scheduled with her trouble-client, Billy Costigan. \"Hello, Mr. Costigan.\" She said as she walked past him in the waiting room and motioned for him to enter the office. He did this and started to rip on her at the moment of entrance. \"You're late. What kind of quality psychiatrist is late to a simple appointment?\" \"I'm very sorry Billy. I'm only two minutes late. What's the emergency?\" \"I need some more pills.\" He said simply. To be honest, these anxiety pills were the only things getting Billy Costigan through the days undercover. As much as he trusted and admired his boss-head of the undercover unit in the Massachusetts State police- and, in fact, his psychiatrist's father Captain Queenan, he never felt safe. It'd be one thing, he thought, if he were on the other side infiltrating the police. Sure if he got caught his life would be over metaphorically- jail and possible murder by Costello for screwing up-, but on this side he had to succeed because if he were caught his time left on this planet would be made a living-hell by Costello's henchmen because they, unlike the police had no morals, code of ethics or other regulation. He knew it was possible to make it out of an undercover job. Look at that prick Staff-Sergeant Dignam, he went undercover in high school to take out some kind of vengeance on Costello and lives today to cuss at everything in his sight. But there weren't many others; Dignam was lucky- really lucky. \"Billy, I can't just give you pills if you don't follow the prescriptions I give you. They are that way so you don't unintentionally hurt yourself.\" Allanah pushed her hair back with stress; she'd only seen this kind of anxiety at one other point in her life when Sean was undercover in high school. Obviously, she didn't know what this guy's deal was, but he needed help and she was supposed to be the one to give it to him. But then again, he was not his freaking drug dealer. \"I need these, Doc.\" He leaned in hoping to pick on her weak, feminine side. \"You don't understand.\" \"You're right. I don't, but I want to. I want to help you Billy. Although, I just can't be giving you pills. That's not how it works.\" \"Screw this. Does this count as one of my required sessions so I can tell my parole officer I'm done with my requirements?\" \"No, I'm sorry. But I can give you some of the free samples we have in the practice of the specific drug you've been taking. We give them to people who can't afford them, people we don't want immediately on the full dosage, yada yada ya; there's a new shipment soon so I can give you a pack of four and if you take them as prescribed- one each day- you'll have enough until you can refill the prescription in four days.\" \"Fine. Thanks. See you on Wednesday for our next real appointment, Doc.\" \"See ya, Billy. Please take care of yourself until then.\" ","Summary":" \"I don't like him.\" Dignam said sitting across the table. \"Then it's a good thing you're not dat"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"gun powder, coffee and morning kisses","Author":"sorryimahopelessromantic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9287792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] drabble 1: Moon and Stars \"Just look at him\" Billy murmered staring at something across the room. His buddy turned to see who he was looking at and raised an eyebrown 'um im looking? and I dont see it\" \"isn't he bautiful? Not that I'd tell him that because his ego is already big as it is\" Brown stared uncomfortably. \"uh dude you okay?\" the other man sighed, \"i dont know anymore\" slowly nodding his head his friend turned back to the coffee pot for another refill. Maybe it would probably be better if he didn't ask. drabble 2: Busted It was when he was coming back from the bathroom that he felt it again. Dignam rolled his eyes 'you think after a year of being undercover he would have learned how to be more subtle about this shit'. Finding it both annoying and amusing at the same time, the brunette turned around to catch the younger officer for what was the fifth time today. Realizing he'd been busted he turned back to the small group he'd been interacting with. Dignam smirked. 'this kid was cute. ' Torn between whether to let him off the hook again or to tease him about it, he decided the latter would be more fun. Walking up to the coffee pot that was beside the younger man he leaned in, whispering quiet but loud enough for the other to hear, \"take a picture it'll last longer\" then leaned back and winked. \"fuck you\" he muttered, face red.[Chapter 2] Drabble 3: A new addition \"Absolutely not,\" said Dignam as he stared warily at the squirming mud covered whatever in his lover's arm. He pointedly ignored the double pair of puppy eyes from the two as he turned back to the counter and set about getting his coffee ready. \"he's got no other place to go,\" Billy begged, hugging his find tighter, \"plus its storming outside! you're not going to throw this poor thing out in weather like that?!\" Shit. Of course he wouldn't. He might be been the occasional asshole, but he wasn't heartless. He stared at the two pair of begging eyes before him, one brown and one blue-green. He sighed. He'd known from the beginning that this would be a losing battle, he didn't know why he'd bothered to try to fight off the inevitable. \"okay, fine.\" Billy's eyes widened as he let out a breathe he hadn't known he was holding. \"Are you for real? You're not pulling my leg right? because if you are-\" \"but it's just for one night.\" Dignam took care to emphasis the one, holding up the one finger. \"one\". The other nodded vigorously. \"absolutely. You won't even notice he's here.\" As he watched the back of his now excited boyfriend leave the kitchen, with an equally happy puppy, he sipped his coffee, closing his eyes and rubbing his forehead. Why did he have a feeling this would not be a one night thing. Sure enough, the one night turned into two, the two into a week, and the week into a few months. Dignam smiled, crossing his arms and leaning back on the bench in the park, watching the two most important things in his life play a game of Frisbee. He shook his head, he would never admit it, but Billy bringing home that dog might have been the best decision he had ever made. Looks like he did get the family he'd always wanted after all. Drabble 4: Don't judge a movie by it cover \"no! no! pleas-\" the screams were cut off by the sounds of a chainsaw and dramatic music. Dignam quietly chuckled when he felt the lump beside him bury deeper into his shirt.\"I thought horrors didn't scare you?\" he teased, kissing the dirty blonde top. \"they don't\" the lump muttered into his chest. \"This one just happened to be a lt more gruesome than the cover let on.\" Dignam threw another handful of popcorn in his mouth, \"how have you lived this long and never seen Texas Chainsaw Massacre?\" \"not a big movie buff, I prefer to read..which speaking of movies\" Billy lifted his head to peek at the popcorn bowl in the brunette's lap. \"stop eating all the popcorn!\" he pouted. Dignam laughed at the pout. The other man was so cute when he did the thing with his face. \"well if you stopped hiding you're face, you'd be able to eat some too.\" Billy pouted again, burying his face back into Dignam's chest. \"whatever,\" he huffed \"all this hacking has made me lose the appetite anyway.\" Dignam smiled and picked up the remote, turning off the movie and changing the channel to something less bloody. \"happy now?\" \"Very\" sighed a very happy boyfriend, snuggling closer, face turned towards the TV once again. Dignam rolled his eyes. That would be the last time he let Billy pick a movie alone. ","Summary":" drabble 1: Moon and Stars \"Just look at him\" Billy murmered staring at something across the room."},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Corrupt Feds and an honest Judge and Lawyer","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12919405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After an opening conversation which was quite meaningless as the lawyer obtained with Maddy's help did not know the true facts, Billy decided that he had to trust the lawyer, but... Billy leaned over and whispered to the lawyer, \"We may be being listened to; so it's illegal but - some of the charges made against me are fake and I know why. Costello, who I worked for, does deals with corrupt Fed's and uses them to remove threats ... like me.\" The lawyer seemed somewhat shocked. Billy continued \"Captain Queenan, my real boss and now dead, found conformation of this. You need a subpoena to get any evidence from Queenan's office at the State Police Headquarters. Find Staff Sergeant Dignum - he ran out on me but if you tell him that Staff Sergeant Sullivan, or someone close to him, is responsible for Queenan's murder he may be willing to help me. If not, get another subpoena and get my secret Police Employment Record from the Police Staff Database. In fact do that first of all. I have the password. And have a, ... trustworthy, senior cop or cops witness it all, if only for the trial. Only if they agree to help me can you tell them everything - what I know about the Fed's and Sullivan, Costello's Mole, is dynamite.\" Finally, and after Billy had repeated everything more slowly, the lawyer agreed and left the interview room. The listening Fed's were not happy, but did not dare to question the lawyer about what had been said. \"Anyway\", said Supervisor Morris to Agent Connolly, \"Costegan's record speaks volumes\".[Chapter 2] A week later and Billy was at court. Fortunately for Billy, so far the Fed's had wanted Billy held in solitary, so the risk of an encounter with any of Costello's prison killers for hire was minimal. After the prosecution had finished giving its evidence, Billy's lawyer stood up and addressed the Judge rather than the court. After \"sarcastically\" stating that the prosecution charges were a mixture of truth, lies and dammed lies, he presented the Judge with the FBI surveillance folder subpoenaed from Queenan's office; besides pictures of Supervisor Morris and Agent Connolly exchanging brown envelopes (including cash maybe?) with Costello, it included a signed statement from Billy which clarified Costello's dealings with the FBI. The Judge was not amused to realise that the two FBI agents making the charges might, possibly, be using his court to engineer a miscarriage of justice. He was even less amused when the Lawyer presented him with Billy's police employment record and called on an embarrassed Captain Ellerby to verify it. Ellerby had wanted to avoid having to deal with detestable undercover operatives, now he had been landed in it as the Judge was not amused to learn that Billy was part of an abandoned undercover operation and had been hung out to dry. Never mind that the ***** Fed's had been screwing the cops, probably for years ... The Judge then said that Ellerby had acted negligently, without loyalty to an junior officer, and that the FBI operation, using tainted agents, \"stank\"; he would be contacting the Central FBI authority. Next the Judge ordered the prosecution lawyer to study the FBI folder with it's potentially incriminating photographs. Their lawyer had nothing to say, in fact the sharp faced bitch looked embarrassed. Two of the FBI operatives present looked scared - the Judge had been looking at them. Case Dismissed![Chapter 3] The lawyer then spoke to Ellerby and said that if he wanted information on Costello's Mole, who was going by the name of Staff Sergeant Sullivan, then Ellerby would have to protect Billy from the Fed's and pay him, or the papers would hear of how the State Police treated their undercover officers. Despite his (mutual) distrust of Billy, Ellerby knew that he would have to reinstate Billy if he wanted to get to the truth of all this. Ellerby phoned a capable staff sergeant who was in charge of admin. work and told him to pick up Billy when he was released and take him to Police HQ for immediate reinstatement. Then he was to get Billy's full report, put him safely in uniform and for now set him to work \"making the tea\". The big question would then be, how to screw the Fed's and put the heat back on Costello. The FBI agents felt that the sky had fallen in and that they were now on very thin ice. Had Costello screwed them? ","Summary":" After an opening conversation which was quite meaningless as the lawyer obtained with Maddy's help "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"When I'm Gone","Author":"Mags","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13244472","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Title: When I'm Gone Summary: Sequel to \"Of Tragedies and Triumphs\". No Character POV. Violet and Kevin had the perfect life…A house, three kids, and a retired firehouse dog. Until one night when tragedy struck, and Violet's perfect life was turned upside down. Now she's on her own with a moody teenager, two younger kids with no clue, a moody roommate and her two kids, a crazy ex-girlfriend, and a dog that misses his master. Now with an unexpected bundle of joy on its way, she must somehow keep her emotions in check and make it through life without her one true love. Chapter One: The Night Their World Changed Violet and Kevin's House, Hoboken, New Jersey August 7, 2018 7 pm Violet was in the kitchen with her nine-year-old son, Liam, doing the dishes. Her 12-year-old daughter, Riley, was working on her computer in her room, and Kevin was in the living room tickling their five-year-old daughter, Hattie. Then the phone rang. Kevin got up and answered it. Violet overheard the conversation and sighed. She put down the washcloth in the sink and went into the living room. Kevin hung up the phone. \"It was Johnny, wasn't it? You have to go in?\" Violet asked softly. \"Afraid so. I knew he would call tonight. It's a full moon so were extra busy. I'm sorry but it's mandatory overtime,\" Kevin said. \"You were supposed to be off tonight,\" Violet reminded him. \"I know, but there's no way he's letting me out of it. Look, we'll talk about this later. I must go. I love you, please remember that, no matter what,\" Kevin said as he gave her a kiss on the forehead, grabbed his jacket, and headed out the door. \"I love you, too,\" Violet whispered back. August 8, 2018 2 am Violet ended up falling asleep on the couch waiting for Kevin to get home. He said he'd be home by 2 am. Then a knock sounded at the door. Violet was awoken out of her dream. She went to answer the door. When she opened it, and saw who was standing there, she knew the worst had happened. It was the battalion chief and her Uncle John. \"Y…yes?\" Violet answered weakly. \"Hey Vi, I think you need to sit down for this,\" her Uncle John said. Violet did as she was told and sat down on the couch. John and Mike, the battalion chief, sat down on the loveseat opposite her. \"Violet, you need to focus on me and not on your fingernails, please,\" John begged her as she stopped what she was doing. \"Okay, now that I got your attention, tonight at around 1 am, the guys were off to help the Liberty City firefighters with a five-alarm fire. On their way there a semi T-boned the ladder truck. Everyone inside the truck were killed on impact,\" John said. \"No…no!\" Violet said sternly, shaking her head. \"Violet, Kevin and Keith were inside the truck when the semi hit them, they're…\" John stopped then, tears forming in his eyes. \"No…this can't be…this can't!\" Violet said now pacing the floor. \"They're gone, Vi! I'm sorry but they're gone!\" John said as he put his hands on her shoulders to keep her from moving. Violet sank down to the floor, curled up into a ball, and started to cry. Violent cries shook her to the core. John got down on the floor beside her and gave her a bear hug as he started to cry as well. Cammie and Keith's House, Brooklyn 3 am An hour after her Uncle John gave her that devastating news, she accompanied him and Mike to Brooklyn to tell Cammie about the accident, and Keith. John made a call to Lil, who called Rachel, who called Zoe. Lil found a sitter for her and John's two children, Bella and Max. Rachel found someone to watch her niece, Pilar, while she was in Brooklyn. John, Mike, and Violet got out of the car. \"Jersey!\" Lil called to her. Violet turned towards the familiar voice. \"Lil!\" Violet said as she hugged the older woman. \"I'm so sorry,\" Lil said sincerely. \"It's okay. I'm okay,\" Violet said as Rachel and Zoe took turns hugging her. John knocked on the door. They heard shuffling and the lock being undone on the door. \"I know why you're here, I saw it on the news. It's about Keith and the accident, isn't it?\" Cammie said before opening the door. \"I'm afraid it is, sweetheart. Can we come in?\" John asked. \"Are the girls with you?\" Cammie asked. \"Yes, we are, Cammie, honey. Please let us in,\" Rachel said as Cammie opened the door. She saw Violet standing there and made a beeline for her. The two of them pulled each other into a fierce bear hug and started crying. Lil, Rachel, Zoe, John, and Mike joined in, crying as well. After standing there for five minutes, John broke up the hug. \"All right, we should take this inside before the neighbors wake up,\" John said as they went inside. Once inside, Cammie went into the kitchen. \"Does anybody want anything to drink?\" Cammie said. \"Cammie, I'll take care of it. You go sit down next to the girls,\" Lil said as Cammie sat down next to Violet. After a moment of silence, Violet spoke. \"So, what happens next?\" Violet asked. \"Well, I'm waiting on the medical examiner to call to say that Kevin and Keith's bodies are at the morgue at St. Vincent's so you and Cammie can identify the bodies, then the hard part is telling the kids about their fathers,\" John said. \"Is Gloria with the kids, Vi?\" Zoe asked. \"Yes. I called her after Uncle John broke the news and she came right over,\" Violet said. \"And what about your pop?\" Lil asked as she handed out drinks. \"I have to call him in the morning. He goes to bed early due to the meds he's on,\" John said. \"I told him something bad was going to happen if he moved to Florida, but in the end, I told him to go. I shouldn't have. Why did I do that?\" Violet asked as she started to cry again. Cammie put her arm around her and held her close. \"It's not your fault, Jersey. You didn't know this was going to happen,\" Lil said. Just then John's cell phone began to ring. He went into the kitchen. Minutes later, he came out. \"That was the medical examiner. She says Kevin and Keith's bodies are in the morgue. If you don't want to do this now, we don't have to. I can call Monica back,\" John said. \"No, we need to do this, right, Cammie?\" Violet said. \"Yes, we must. You girls will be there with us, right?\" Cammie asked. \"All the way,\" Lil said as they grabbed their stuff and followed John and Mike out the door. St. Vincent's Hospital, Manhattan 4 am When the girls, John, and Mike got to the hospital, they were met by the medical examiner and Rachel's cousin, Conner. \"Why did your lieutenant send me him?!\" Monica asked sternly. \"I'm sorry, Monica, but Conner was the only one available at this hour. Plus he's Rachel's cousin. He's family,\" John said. \"Fine, fine. Let's go to the morgue, shall we?\" Monica said as she led the way to the morgue. \"Monica, can you tell us from your perspective what happened?\" John asked. \"Well, the semi was going 80 miles an hour on a city street, tried to take a sharp turn, and T-boned the ladder truck. The crew, including your two husbands, were killed ten seconds upon impact,\" Monica said as she opened the door. The group walked inside and shivered. \"My predictions are that they both died of fatal trauma to the brain. Their rib cages were crushed, which damaged their hearts. But it happened so fast, they didn't experience any pain,\" Monica said as she rolled out two metal caskets, with a sheet covering both their bodies. \"The one on the left is Mr. O'Donnell, and the one on the right is Mr. Sandford. Who wants to be the first?\" Monica asked. \"Doesn't matter,\" Violet said. \"Start with my son first, Monica,\" John said as Lil held his hand and Cammie's tightly, with Violet on the other side of Cammie, holding Cammie's other hand. Monica started from the feet up, knowing what would help them identify Keith's body. Cammie took one look at his toes and laughed. \"That's Keith. Our daughter Savannah painted his toenails orange a few nights ago. Everyone at the firehouse called him \"Twinkle Toes\",\" Cammie said as Violet laughed as well. \"That's right. Kevin and the others gave him such a hard time,\" Violet said. \"Okay, now for Mr. O'Donnell,\" Monica said as she started from the feet upward. Violet gulped. \"It's okay, Vi. We're right beside you,\" Cammie said, squeezing her hand. Violet covered her mouth when she saw the familiar tattoo that Kevin got on their honeymoon on his left calf. It was a heart with his and Violet's names in it with their wedding date underneath them. Cammie pulled her into a fierce bear hug as she started to cry. The group decided to leave the two alone as Monica wheeled the bodies back into the cooler wall. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Title: "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Silence","Author":"Returning Moon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4489954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Voicesnoverrule me, people push and shove As I starenacross the hallway, at my one true love. But hendoesn't see me, and he doesn't know Of all thenfeelings I have for him, all the feelings I can show. I'm nothingnto him but a shadow on the wall A face in thencrowd, a girl who doesn't call. A portrait ofnsilence is all he sees Of a girl whonhides her cries and screams. All I wish isnfor a few words with him Maybe someneye contact and laughs within. But who wouldnwant a few words with me A girl whonkeeps herself discreet and unseen. I'm nothingnto him but a shadow on the wall A face in thencrowd, a girl who doesn't call. A portrait ofnsilence is all he sees Of a girl whonhides her cries and screams. I see himnstanding there, with another girl They smilenand laugh, and it makes me hurl. But I can' tnrun his life or tell him what to do So I'llnwhacth from a distance admiring the two. One day Injust might get my chance But for now Incan only whacth them dance. Wishing himnhappiness, joy, and love Wishes fornthe boy, wishes for my belove. I'm nothingnto him but a shadow on the wall A face in thencrowd, a girl who doesn't call. A portrait ofnsilence is all he sees Of a girl whonhides her cries and screams. ","Summary":" Voicesnoverrule me, people push and shove As I starenacross the hallway, at my one true love. But h"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Um Sonho Apenas","Author":"Juliet Hunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3670119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Coyote Ugly Um Sonho Apenas As luzesnbrilhantes e multicoloridas cegavam a vista de Violet. À suanfrente, rostos ansiosos esperavam pela música. Só entãonnotou que trazia seu violão rente ao corpo. Olhou para trás,nprocurando pelo resto da banda. Onde estavam todos? A guitarra jazianno chão, esperando que a usassem. O teclado exibia ainda umnbrilho que apenas as coisas novas têm, mas não havianquem o tocasse. \"Cante,ncante!\", gritavam as vozes agitadas da multidão. Violetnencarou-as, em completo estado de pânico. O que fazia ali?nSabia que tinha que cantar, mas sentia-se ridícula em cima donpalco, sozinha. Não se lembrava de modo algum como viera pararnnaquele lugar, por que essas pessoas queriam fazê-la cantar? As luzesnse apagaram. \"Agoranvocê pode cantar\", lhe disse uma voz macia, que estranhamentenparecia sorrir. Violet virou-se para ver quem era, mas entãontudo tornou-se breu. Acordounexasperada, levantando-se com violência. Suava e arfava, comnrelances do sonho que acabara de ter ainda na mente. Podia jurar quendurara poucos minutos, mas lhe parecera uma eternidade. Levou a mãonà testa e massageou suas têmporas devagar. \"Precisonencontrar um emprego!\", lembrou-se, levantando com pressa. Acabarande se mudar para Nova York e estava alojada num apartamento de quintancategoria, mas que supria suas necessidades básicas. Vestiu-senapressadamente, cantarolando. Marcara no dia anterior alguns lugaresnpara visitar, em busca de algum emprego enquanto suas composiçõesnnão eram aceitas e sua carreira de compositora fosse levada ansério. Andou aténque não conseguia mais sentir a dor nos seus pés, jánamortecidos de tanto caminharem. Parou um pouco para descansar, com onolhar baixo de decepção. Por que era tão difícilnencontrar um emprego em Nova York? Aparentemente ninguém nancidade precisava de uma garçonete. \"Ei,nvocê está legal?\", perguntou uma voz atrás densi. Violet sentiu um arrepio ao reconhecer a voz macia de seu sonho.nO dono daquela voz doce era um rapaz de porte atlético, olhosnazuis encantadores e um rosto perfeitamente desenhado. \"Estou,nobrigada. Apenas não consigo arranjar um emprego, mas estounlegal sim.\" \"Umnemprego? E o que você faz?\" \"Nanverdade, componho. Mas enquanto não viro uma compositora densucesso, tenho que me contentar com empregos menores, comongarçonete...\", respondeu ela, sorrindo de modo maroto. \"Compõe?nE canta também?\" Violetnsacudiu a cabeça com determinação, sentindo asnbochechas arderem sob essa perspectiva. \"Não!nTenho pavor do palco. A única vez em que consegui cantar paranuma multidão foi no primário, e a luz havia faltado.nTenho verdadeiro horror a pessoas me encarando.\" O rapaznarqueou uma sobrancelha, visivelmente interessado. \"Verdade?nVocê parece ser uma pessoa bem corajosa. Toca algumninstrumento, também?\" \"Sim\",nViolet remexeu suas madeixas, um pouco constrangida. Esquecera-sentemporariamente de seu emprego, sentindo-se enfeitiçada pornaquele brilho azulado nos olhos maravilhosamente hipnotizadores donrapaz. \"Teclado e violão.\" O rapaznsorriu, mostrando dentes perfeitamente alinhados e reluzentes. \"Achonque esqueci de me apresentar. Meu nome é Kevin O'Connel.\" \"Prazer\"nViolet apertou a mão do rapaz, aquela mão quente enterna. Ficou imaginando como seria andar de mãos dadas comnele. \"Sou Violet.\" \"Violet\",nrepetiu o rapaz. A moça sentiu um arrepio percorrer-lhe anespinha ao pensar como seu nome soava lindo na voz macia de Kevin.n\"Acho que posso arranjar alguma coisa para você. Estejannaquele bar às oito horas.\" Apontou umnbar do outro lado da rua, com vários cartazes e nome em letrasncom lantejoulas. \"Ah, jánestive lá\", retrucou Violet, com um suspiro. \"Mas obrigadanpela intenção\" \"Ah,nnão. Esteja às oito, está bem?\" Violet feznque sim com um movimento da cabeça. Kevin despediu-se e saiu anpassos calculados. Antes que percebesse, Violet contava seus passos enos ritmava. Revirou os olhos, quando percebeu, e prometeu a si mesmanque não ficaria tão caída assim pelo próximonrapaz que encontrasse. Deu um suspiro ao lembrar do sorriso de Kevin. Oito horasnem ponto. Violet encarava novamente aquele bar, no qual estiveranvárias horas antes. Hesitava em entrar, temendo bancar anestúpida. Balançou a cabeça, tirando essa idéianda cabeça. Entrou. O barnestava agitado, muitas pessoas conversando e uma banda que ela nãonconhecia tocando, ao fundo. Entrou ainda hesitante, procurando Kevinncom o olhar. \"Violet\",nchamou Kevin, sorrindo-lhe. Violet senvirou para ele, nervosa. \"E ongerente?\" \"Elenconcordou.\" Violetnarqueou uma sobrancelha. \"Comonconcordou? Ele nem me conhece. Isto é, conheceu, mas nãondeve lembrar-se.\" \"Eungaranti a ele que o material era bom.\" \"Quenmaterial?\" \"O seu,nclaro.\" Em poucasnpalavras, explicou a Violet o que ela teria que fazer. Ela tentounprotestar, mas não teve tempo. Seu nome logo era anunciado. A próximancoisa que percebeu foi que tinha um violão nas mãos, enas pessoas a encaravam, pedindo que começasse a cantar. Suasnmãos tremiam e seu coração batia forte. Olhandonpara trás, viu um teclado e uma guitarra, jazendo comonresquícios de um sonho. \"Eu nãonposso, Kevin...\", murmurou. Ela o viunsorrir, e sair de sua vista. \"Kevin!\",nchamou, exasperada. Um súbitonpânico invadiu-a. Não conseguiria tocar para todasnaquelas pessoas olhando-a. Começou a tirar o violão densi, nervosa. As luzesnse apagaram, gradualmente. Violet sorriu. \"Agoranvocê pode cantar\", sussurrou uma voz macia atrás densi. ","Summary":" Coyote Ugly Um Sonho Apenas As luzesnbrilhantes e multicoloridas cegavam a vista de Violet. À suanf"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coyote Life","Author":"ShawnBelle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2223427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fanrnfic for this movie so bear with me… Summary: Coyote Ugly isrnstill up and running and surprisingly Violet still works there. Whatrnhappens when someone from her past appears? (Sean Farris will be inrnhere. He will play his character Dino Whittman on Life as we know it.rnNo one from Life as we know it will be in here. Just Dino.) Disclaimer: I don'trnown the movie…wish I did. Don't own Coyote Ugly…but I will workrnthere. And I don't own Sean Farris (or his character onrnLAWKI)…though I wish I did. \"Jersey give me the Whiskey.\" Cammie yelled at the end of the bar. rnAnd then CRASH! The new girl that they used to replace Rachel while she was away hadrndropped another bottle. \"Lil, I don't thinkrnshe can take it.\" Violet yelled. The new girl, Bella, the girl from Kentucky that had run away from her boring town to liverna life of fun had been hired about 2 weeks ago and she still couldn'trnflip a bottle or serve shots or drinks as fast as she should when yournwork there for 2 weeks should. Lil walked over to Bella. \"Look Bella, you realy need to step it up. We are reallyrngving you a break here but if it doesn't turn around in 3 days yourrngone. Got it?\" \"Yea. I got it. I'm just nervous.\" \"Girl you've been nervous for 2 weeks?\" \"Being here in New York away from Kentucky it just doesn't feel real.\" \"Well, hunnie it's real. As real as it can get.\" Lil said handing a customer a beer. The song \"Sine YournBeen Gone\" came on and Jersey, Cammie, Zoey (who came back afterrnseeing that law school wasn't her thing) got on the bar and startedrndancing. \"Get up there Bella.\" \"Oh no, I don't dance on bars.\" \"Then what the hellare you doing here?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"What are you doinghere? You knew coming into Coyote Ugly that we dancedon bars. Being arnCoyote isn't just being a bartender. It's being that and that.\"rnLil said pointing to Jersey and Cammie dancing. \"If you can't dornit then get out.\" \"Well, what do I do?\" \"Just go on up there and shake your ass.\" ","Summary":" This is my first fanrnfic for this movie so bear with me… Summary: Coyote Ugly isrnstill up and run"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Anger","Author":"nyx372040","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2966428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As thenfear races inside my veins All thenworld shall feel my fiery heart And asnthese people drive me insane The angernmultiplies with every beat ","Summary":" As thenfear races inside my veins All thenworld shall feel my fiery heart And asnthese people drive"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Prequel","Author":"part-timeslayer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7206388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Coyote Ugly Lil's P.O.V. \"You'll be back by the end of the week, and you know it, Lil.\" \"We'll see about that Mike.\" Mike just laughed, and walked back into the bar shaking his head. I turned to walk away. I wasn't sure where I was going. I mean I live with the guy, so if I want to avoid him going back to the apartment wouldn't really be effective. Just when I took my first step away I heard the door open. \"Hey, Lil, as soon as you get your bar set up, give me a call. I want the first shot as one of your bartenders.\" I was surprised to say the least when I saw who it was. Rachel Moynahan. A new girl Big Mike got about a month ago. She was young, twenty-one, I think. She had no experience prior the job she had now. She was a natural though. Rachel had caught on more quickly than anyone else I had ever seen. I had never talked to her one on one before. She always stayed focused on her job, never really socializing with anyone other than a little small talk with some of the costumers. The costumers adored her, even though she had a rage issue. I hadn't thought anyone would believe that I could start my own business. \"We'll see.\" Rachel raised an eyebrow, but eventually shrugged, and made a motion back towards the bar. \"I've gotta get back to work. I'm hoping Mike hasn't noticed that I'm gone yet.\" \"See ya Rachel.\" \"Maria, I need a place to stay.\" My sister Maria, and I never really got along, but she was there for me if I needed her. Maria is married to a guy named Bob, has two kids, lives in a very nice apartment building, and is a stay at home mom. She's twelve years older than me, which would make her thirty-nine. Not that she would ever admit it. Her son's name is Jeffrey he is thirteen, and her daughter, Sarah is nine. Basically Maria is my opposite, which may be the reason that we don't get along. \"How long will you be staying?\" Even over the phone with all of the sounds of New York making it almost impossible to hear her I could tell that she wasn't excited about me coming for a visit. She thought I was a bad influence on her kids. Something about not wanting her daughter to end up dancing on a bar. \"Not long, just a few days, you know until things cool down. I'll be there in a half hour. I just have to get a couple things from my place. I'm sorry about calling so late.\" \"Don't worry about it. I love getting calls at eleven-thirty at night.\" \"Bye.\" \"See you.\" As soon as I got to my apartment I grabbed my money, enough clothes for about four days, and other necessities. I was not in a hurry. I knew that us having a fight wouldn't make Mike close early, so I still had a few hours before he came back. I knew this for sure because me and Mike have been married for three years. We dated for a year before that, and I worked at his bar for two years before that. I guess you could say I was an expert on the guy. As soon as I was out of the apartment I got into my car, and went down to my sisters. I used my own key to her house, don't tell her I have one, and invited myself to the guest room. A/N: I hope you enjoyed chapter one. I know that the characters don't seem like themselves exactly, but this is about three years earlier. Lil is married to a guy named Big Mike who probably isn't great to her. Rachel is young, and new to everything, so I wanted to make her a little aloof. Not completely sure of herself yet. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Coyote Ugly Lil's P.O.V. \"You'll be back by the end of the week, and you "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"We'll Love You Always","Author":"Crazi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/995473","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Hey y'all! I'm writing another ficcy, just due to boredom... it's anCoyote Ugly ficcy from the top of my head... :] Please R+R!! If you want...nand please note that this happened after Violet moved to NY, and before shenbecame a famous songwriter! Disclaimer: I don't own anything from the movie of Coyote Ugly... if younsee someone who isn't from the movie, he/she is MINE! kayz? We'll Love You Always \"Shit...\" Violet Sanford muttered to herself as she rushed across thenstreet and into the bar. The place was crowded once again, and she hadntrouble making her way to the bar. She saw Lil, and waved. Lil smiled back, and sent a shot of tequila sliding down the bar, and thencustomer caught it, slapping a five dollar bill onto the bar. Rachel, thendark haired girl, breezed past, snatching it. Violet finally made it, and hopped over the bar. \"Jersey, you're up on the bar!\" Lil called out to her. She threw anmicrophone to her, and Violet caught it. She got up onto the bar, andnwaited for the song to start. \"Huh?\" Violet looks confused. She turned her head over to Lil. She was justnas shocked as she was. Ace of Base. \"Lil, since when did we have Ace of Base in our jukebox?\" she yelled. \"I don't know!\" Lil's reply came. \"I only know the lyrics to tracks six and seven!\" Violet yelled again. Lilnmotioned for her to come down and wait for the tracks six and seven. Violet jumped down, and set the microphone down. She went into thenrestroom, and checked herself in the mirror. \"So, how's it going with Kevin, Vi?\" a voice said from behind her. Violetnwhipped around. \"Zoe!\" she shrieked in joy, and the two girls hugged each other tightly.nViolet and Zoe talked for a few minutes, until Cammie came bursting in. \"Jersey, track six is on in ten seconds!\" Cammie yelled over the musicncoming from outside. Her eyes then widened, and her jaw dropped when shensaw Zoe. \"Zoe!\" she yelled, and more hugs. \"I missed you, girl!\" Violet left them there to talk, and ran out. She grabbed the microphone,nand jumped up onto the bar. As 'Love in December' (Not mine either!!!) started, Violet took a deepnbreath. She heard the sad introduction of the song, and finally, itnstarted. She danced back and forth the bar, singing the song. The people cheered hernon, and she did sexier moves each time. ~*~*~*~*~ The night turned into dawn, and finally, at 4:00 AM, the people had allnleft. Cammie was lying down on the bar, on her front, and Lil was leaningnagainst it, Rachel was leaning against the wall and Violet was leaningnagainst the pole on the left corner of the bar. Zoe was telling themnstories when she was away, and in return, the coyotes told theirs. \"Well... point is... I missed you guys.\" Zoe looked up, and a tiny tearnformed in the corner of her eye. She quickly brushed at it with hernfingertip, and smiled. \"So did we, girlfriend,\" Lil said, giving them all a smile. \"So... who's upnfor breakfast?\" \"Me!\" four voices answered in unison. Lil laughed a little, and grabbed hernjacket. \"Let's roll.\" ~*~*~*~*~ \"All right! French fries on the house...\" Zoe cheered. She turned to thenman behind the counter. \"Turn up the music, Romeo!\" The man reached for the radio, and turned the volume up. Zoe got up, andnstarted belly dancing. \"Remember the old times?\" she said. The other girls whooped and cheered. Violet laughed, remembering this wasnhow she first saw the girls. Zoe sat down, and Rachel pulled out a magazine from behind her. Zoe's eyesnwidened and she tried snatching it, but Rachel held it away from her reach. \"I haven't read it... wanna bet?\" Rachel smiled sweetly and placed a couplenof ten dollar bills down onto the table. \"Twenty says it's Saving PrivatenRyan!\" Zoe placed down thirty dollars. \"Jurassic Park!\" Cammie placed down forty. \"Forty for Enemy at the Gates!\" Rachel flipped the magazine to the middle section. In the form filled out,nthey scanned it down to the 'Fave. Movie'. \"Oh my god! This can't be true!\" Rachel slammed the magazine down and gazednat Zoe in amazement. Zoe smirked, and gathered up her ninety dollars. \"She robbed us! Nearly one hundred bucks!\" Rachel exclaimed. She thennstarted sprinkling salt like crazy on Zoe's fries. \"Hey!\" Zoe yelled, and snatched it out of Rachel's hand, and sprinkled itnall over Rachel. Soon the three girls were covered in salt. Lil and Violet laughed. A/N Sooo... yousa likes, people? Tell meeee! Please review (if you likednit) and if I should continue! Kayz?nTata! This fic is © by Crazi 2002 ","Summary":" A/N Hey y'all! I'm writing another ficcy, just due to boredom... it's anCoyote Ugly ficcy from the "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Futuristic Surprises - with Chapter 2","Author":"A Different Kind Of Yellow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/900675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Violet looked down at the pregnancy test in her hands as two thin bluenlines appeared. ' Shit,' thought Violet, ' I'm pregnant!'n Kevin was out of town at the moment, working on his next big thing,napart from her, of course. He had just left for the airport about two hoursnago, to get on a plane to London, the capital of England. After Violet'snsuccess with LeAnn Rimes, Kevin became her sort-of manager. He set up gigsnand made her feel like something in the world apart from a background job,nnot just a songwriter, he made her feel as if she was actually living herndream, which she was, except that they weren't married. Violet's true dreamnwas to get all of her songs published and have a couple of kids with hernideal dream man, which at the moment was Kevin O'Donnell.n Pregnancy could really spoil her success at the moment, as she was justnabout to fly out to the UK to join Kevin in London for her next big gig, tontry to impress the British music producers. She'd been dropped by her labelnin New York because she had been still working in the bar when she wasnsupposed to be doing interviews with New York's top newspapers.n Violet looked down at the test one more time, and decided to use up thenother test that she had bought for a spare. Ten minutes later, another twonblue lines turned up one the test. Violet called Kevin.n Ring-ring, ring-ring, ' come on, Kevin, pick up, please, pick up' Violetnmumbled.n \" Hello?\" Kevin's voice rang down the phone, \" Vi, is that you?\"n \" Yeah, Kevin, it's me.\"n \" What's wrong Vi, you sound worried? We will get the contract innLondon. Be positive.\"n \" I'm pregnant.\"n There was silence down the line. \" Kevin?\" Violet continued, \" Kevin?nAre you still there? Did you hear me? I'm pregnant!\"n \" I heard you Vi, it's just a shock, that's all!\" Kevin gasped down thenphone.n \" Well, so am I.\"n \" But you sound so calm, how can you be calm? This is brilliant news.nI'm coming home, honey, just you stay there.\"n \" But the flight's booked, Kevin. You can't just get off the plane.\"n \" I'm not on the plane yet, I'm in the queue for my ticket, actually,nI'm at the desk right now. Can you hold on for just a tick, Vi?\"n \" Uh, huh.\" There was a muffled sound down the phone, Violet could hearnKevin talking to a lady.n \" I need to cancel my ticket.\"n \" Yes sir, can I have your name please.\"n \" Kevin O'Donnell.\"n \" And your name, miss.\"n \" Oh, I'm not with him.\"n \" Okay sir, your refund will be sent back to your home, we have yourndetails right here.\"n \" Thanks.\" Should I continue? Please Review and tell me! When Kevin arrived at the flat, Violet was still in shock. He found hernon their bed, beside the telephone, fast asleep. ' That must have been anbigger shock than I thought to her' thought Kevin. He sat down beside hernand stroked her hair.n Slowly, Violet sat up.n \" Hey Vi, are you doing okay.\"n \" Yeah, I just felt a little faint.\"n \" I don't think you should go to the bar tonight.\" Violet was singingnher second song with, Scottish band, Travis. Their new song, Cool Breeze,nwas half-written by Violet herself.n \" Kevin, I need to go. The band need me. And I want to show Rach I'm notnjust a one-hit-wonder.\"n \" Okay, but I'm going to be there, just in case you still feel faint.\"n \" But I'm fine now, Kevin.\" Said Violet.n \" I'm coming anyway. I like Travis. I saw their recent video of 'Have AnNice Day' on that music channel we have.\"n \" The Box. You watch The Box?\"n \" Yeah. I told you, I'm just a big kid.\" Kevin remembered.n \" I remember. Do you remember one of our first dates?\"n \" You sold me for $250!\"n \" It was payback time, buddy. That'll be a thing to tell this littlenone.\"n \" Don't you dare.\"n \" Why not?\"n \" Well, I can see the headlines now.\"n \" Really?\"n \" Yes. ' Songwriter sells future husband to woman in club'.\"n \" Eh? Future Husband? You haven't even proposed to me yet!\" jokednViolet.n Kevin got down off the bed and on one knee. He pulled a small, black boxnfrom his jacket pocket, and held it open for Violet to see. \" Violet JanenSanford, Will you marry me?\"n Violet's jaw dropped. \" Are you serious? Can we afford it?\"n \" Yes and yes. Will you marry me?\" asked Kevin hopefully.n \" Yes! Of course, I will, Dumbo!\" Violet patted his head and continued.n\" Who else would I marry? It's so beautiful!\" Violet gazed down at thendiamond and emerald encrusted ring.n \" Is that your only reason? The ring?\"n \" Don't be silly! I love you!\"n \" Well, I love you too.\" This is not the end. What do you want to happen? Please review! ","Summary":" Violet looked down at the pregnancy test in her hands as two thin bluenlines appeared. ' Shit,' tho"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coming Back Alive","Author":"Brittany and Burgundy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/744043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One As they walked into the building they knew it would be difficult to fix it up, but Brittany and Burgundy Stanford were determined to do so. \"Hey do you think we should keep the name Coyote Ugly?\" Burgundy asked. \"Yeah it will keep the tradition going.\" Brittany said. So they started the hard, long hours of cleaning up the building. After six months of cleaning the place up it was finally done. The next day was opening night and there was a line about two blocks long.\" Everybody shut up; I want to introduce the four Coyotes.\" Said Charlie. \"This is Burgundy and Brittany Stanford. They are the ones who made this place come back alive.\" Charlie announced. \"And this is Mercedes Fenton and Reagan Moore.\" Blaze said. \" O yeah just remember Burgundy is my girlfriend and Brittany is Blazes girlfriend.'' Charlie said with a little smirk. \"Let's get this party started.\" Mercedes screamed at the top of her lungs. Just then \"I love rock 'n' roll\" came blasting through the speakers. And all four girls got up on the bar and started dancing. As the song ended Reagan said \" I want to do something to make this a memorable night but I need an extremely hot guy to help me. Any volunteers? Most of the guys yelled in reply. She picked a guy with blonde spiky hair. \"Okay what im going to do is.......\" ","Summary":" Chapter One As they walked into the building they knew it would be difficult to fix it up, but Brit"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Rebooting the game","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10800751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Should Billy text their possible destination to Sullivan? On balance he decided not to. Twice now, he had texted details to Sullivan, and twice they had still evaded the police intercepts, just. Twice Billy had called wolf and made the excuse of checking for a second police car tail. The police were getting cleverer in tailing Costello, but because of the mole Costello was getting away, just. Something was wrong. He had felt it from the first when Sullivan contacted him. Again Billy thought back to that night when Sullivan had first called him and he had thought, why had Sullivan wanted to recall him?. Dignum would not have given a ***. Something was wrong. Was Sulivan up to the job of running him. Was Sullivan just a jumped up cop? Or was Sullivan really kosher? Yes, was Sullivan the real deal? Was Sullivan even real? Billy was now really worried. Billy watched the road, scanning for cop cars. Then Costello's phone rang. It would be the mole. Billy listened, though it never revealed anything useful. Evidently the mole was having a bad time getting info for Costello. As on the previous two night jobs, there were several increasingly angry conversations over the next ten minutes as the cops played cat and mouse. Then Costello snarled again what would happen to Sullivan if they were caught![Chapter 2] Billy came alive. Now he had to lie low and act as if Costello had said nothing. Finally they got to the delivery point. Billy suggested that he act as lookout; Costello immediately said yes. Billy returned to a critical road junction and hid. Eventually two police cars approach, but were manoeuvring for a different exit. Billy gambled. He jumped out of hiding, sprinted into the intersection and almost into the path of the leading car, waving his arms. The car stopped and the cops got out, guns ready. As one started to speak, Billy shouted, \"I'm Queenan's undercover in Costello's gang. They're not far way. The mole is Staff Sergeant Sullivan. Let me in the car\" . Billy repeated himself. The cops were almost in shock. One radioed Billy's directions and the mole's identity, then after removing Billy's gun they let him squeeze in the back. Of cause Costello was gone by the time they arrived, but the drug suppliers van was still there. No doubt they were \"dividing up\" the cash - Costello would have told them to wait and so be an unwitting delay if the police were close behind. After a brief shoot-out the cops searched the van. Finding the remaining drugs and the money which Costello had paid vindicated Billy's story. The ride back to the SIU was uneventful except that the cops did not quite know what to make of Billy. However, they did have questions regarding what had happened to Queenan and why Sullivan was the mole. Normally Billy would have been quite reticent. Now however, Billy realised that he might need all the friends, or at least sympathetic hearing, that he could get. In return Billy discovered that there had been a tail, and that Sullivan, The Apple of Captain Ellerby's Eye, was responsible.[Chapter 3] Back at the SIU, Ellerby confronted Billy, who he had taken an instant dislike to. \"Why was Queenan killed?\" snarled Ellerby. Billy was taken aback and the dislike became mutual. Composing himself, Billy recounted everything that had happened since he phoned Queenan that morning. When he told Ellerby that the police in the shoot-out may have been an unofficial police tail responsible for Queenan's death, a la mole, Ellerby seemed to lose his composure and was clearly disturbed. \"What's this crap about Sullivan?\" snapped Ellerby. First Billy recounted his suspicions and then what Costello had said. Ellerby snarled in disbelief \"Sergeant Sullivan has a perfect record. No possibility of him being the mole. Even if I should believe you, it has to be someone else\". Even so, Ellerby seemed uncertain of himself. Billy snapped back \"And I have a perfect criminal record, fabricated by Queenan to throw me out of cop school and into jail so that I could join Costello's gang. The only thing that is true about me is that I have a bad attitude and juvenile record; I'm a cop, not a crook. Look in the records, I can open them. Just let me access a terminal\". Billy spent the rest of the night under protective custody in the cell block wondering how to get his car back from out of Costello's car park once he was reinstated, and asking the guards about Sullivan and Ellerby. Ellerby went home with a bad headache wondering if he had been taken for a fool, and who by. Sullivan went home to hone his excuses; he did not sleep well. Coming into work next morning would be a real act for Sullivan.[Chapter 4] Two weeks later an investigation was finally convened into Queenan's murder. Seated at the opposite ends of the long table were Captain Ellerby and Acting Captain Lazall, who provided cover and would act as an \"umpire\". Along one side were the four members of the squad who had tailed Queenan. They were noticeably sitting at some distance from Sullivan and his two cronies, Barrigan and Brown. Brown, however, looked distinctly unhappy. Opposite them was Dignum, who earlier that week had been persuaded by Lazall to return from his overlong leave of absence. Next to Dignum was Billy, with a pile of personnel files and case reports. Only two sets of files mattered, the personnel files for Sullivan and his close friend Barragan along with their associated case reports. Sullivan thought that he was going to be questioned, again, by Dignum over the reason for tailing Queenan. But Billy had questions regarding Sullivan's solving of the murder of the hit men from Providence a year ago, questions that Sullivan, who both Billy and Dignum regarded as Mr Too Good to be True, was going to find hard to answer. The events that had led to Sullivan's promotions were going to come back to haunt him, and Barrigan. And there was also the matter of Dignum seeing Sullivan using his phone during the FBI/SIU joint operation. Billy suspected that the \"corrupt\" FBI agents found in Queenan's file were responsible for that fiasco, but if it could be pinned on Sullivan then it would be. ","Summary":" Should Billy text their possible destination to Sullivan? On balance he decided not to. Twice now, "},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Sold Out","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10796370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Things were just going down hill for Billy. First, because of cell phone area problems, he had failed to contact Queenan to tell him how desperate the situation was. Then the next day he had a sense of being followed, so had not dared to try and contact Queenan again. Then this morning a bunch of cops broke into his house with an arrest warrant and dragged him of to the SIU cells. Now this creep, Sullivan, tells him that if he does not co-operate and admit to all the charges, they will tell the FBI that they now have him. So, the FBI. Costello must have sold him out. Why? Was that why Costello had asked Billy about being able to run the business? It could be that Costello saw Billy as a potential threat and had decided to profit from getting rid of Billy. He had to get into contact with Queenan, or Dignum, without breaking cover, but how? Then Sullivan did something odd. After a confab with his group, he came into the interrogation room, gave Billy a phone, and gesturing at the camera/mike, said that Billy should phone his mom. The camera/mike was clearly switched off! Billy (silently) gasped. Was this some kind of ploy, or was Sullivan trying to help him, which meant ... Billy decided to be cautious, and procrastinate a little, playing on what he already knew. \"It won't work. Mother might have helped me once but not now\" \"Why\", Sullivan was baffled by this response. When he had done this with the other gang member that they had arrested there had been no problem. \"The FBI want you, so why don't you want to phone home?\" \"OK\" Billy replied rather quietly, \"You needn't admit anything, but I think I know who you are and you could soon be in the same mess I am now in. We can help one another\" Sullivan was genuinely baffled \"So?\" \"Ok, listen. Costello is starting to see me as a threat. But I know something about him, something that could get me killed, and it's something that you need to know. With it you can protect your self, and protect me.\" Sullivan was cautious \"Like what?\" \"I will tell you what it is. You tell your bosses about it. In return they protect me from Costello and the Feds\". \"Then I work for you\" was not something Billy though safe to add, yet. \"OK, deal\" replied Sullivan. \"I first heard a rumour that Costello was talking to the Feds. I followed it up, spied on him. He sells info about his rivals and the mob to the Feds. I'm fairly sure that he's become a protected FBI informant, and that he's sold me out. You tell your bosses about this. Keep Costello and the Feds off my back and I tell you what else I know, I might even be able to get more specific intel for you on who he sold out\". This was both true and false. Billy suddenly thought of the joint Police FBI operation that had been compromised, Costello must have known about it well in advance. Sullivan though it over; there was certainly no risk to him and there were obvious benefits for both of them. Was Costello such a Judas. Deep down Sullivan knew that the answer was yes. This was dynamite if true. \"OK, I'll talk to Captain Ellerby\" Billy had no idea who Ellerby was; he would have to remain cautious.[Chapter 2] Ellerby disliked and despised Billy, and the feeling was mutual. Even if Ellerby had known that Billy was a Cop, he would not have liked Billy, in fact he was as prejudiced as Dignum. Unfortunately Sullivan was in attendance, and anyway Billy only dared to talk to Queenan, or Dignum, about Sullivan. So... \"Look\" snarled Billy, \"I need to make a deal with all you organ grinders, not one organ grinder and his monkeys. Keeping both Feds and Costello at bay will take some doing. I know Costello isn't afraid of you, but he is scared by the other organ grinder, or at least about what he can get to know. \"You mean Queenan?\" snarled Ellerby in return. \"I suppose so, Costello avoids saying much about such things, bad for morale\", which was true. Finally, Ellerby phoned for Queenan. Billy then explained the situation to Ellerby and what he could do for Ellerby, and by careful implication, for Sullivan as an informant. Finally Queenan came in and Billy explained again. Billy managed to surreptitiously kick Queenan under the table several times. Queenan got the message, Billy had more to say to Queenan alone. Queenan adjourned the meeting, saying that he needed to consider the matter. Unfortunately the Feds were due in an hour.[Chapter 3] Half an hour later, Dignum came to Billy's cell. Billy snapped \"I need to see Queenan, now. I know who the mole is.\" \"Oh yeah, Who\". \"No way I'm telling you, when you said you would trash my files. Costello has sold me to the Feds and will kill me if I am released\". Billy refused to say more. Dignum cursed, trust was vital in this game and Billy had made clear that he no longer trusted him. Dignum phoned Queenan and then gave Billy the phone. Billy told Queenan that Costello did not trust anyone and was using new people to bring stuff in. Costello was also going loco and would kill Billy anyway if he was released to return to the gang. Billy needed out. The mole was Sullivan and Billy was stringing him along. Queenan temporised, worried by Billy's state of mind. He really needed to see Billy in person but it was too risky, even if he levelled with Ellerby. He told Billy that he had photo-ed two Feds with Costello and the options were to tell the Feds that Billy was a cop, or somehow persuade the Feds to go away. Then Billy could string Sullivan along. With time short, Queenan ordered Dignum to meet him with Ellerby to study the photo's. Then they could decide exactly what to do.[Chapter 4] In Ellerby's office, Queenan levelled with Ellerby. He stressed that Billy had a lead on the mole but that no one, not even Sullivan must know. Queenan then pointed out that Billy had a perfect, fabricated, criminal record. So they could not take perfect police records for granted. This was a deliberate, discrete, jibe at Sullivan to make Ellerby more open minded and critical. The question was, how to handle the Feds who had just arrived. As the Feds walked down the corridor, they could see that the head Fed was indeed one of those Queenan had photo-ed talking to Costello. Queenan decided to confront him with the incriminating photo. They would send the Feds packing without revealing that Billy was in any way working for the SIU. Then they could work out how to set up a trap for Sullivan. ","Summary":" Things were just going down hill for Billy. First, because of cell phone area problems, he had fail"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Yet another use for a Dumpster: a grubby hidy hole for a desparate duo","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9938114","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hiding in the dumpster was hardly a good option, but it was the only one, Billy reflected as Queenan tried to contact Dignam. So far at least, Billy having second thoughts about allowing Queenan to act as a human shield was paying off. They might even have made it out on to the open road, but the gang would have left guards at the entrance, and those in the building might have realised what had happened and decided to return to the entrance. Billy suspected that although some the gang had reached the roof in the lift while the rest of the gang had come up the stairs to just a floor below, it must have taken them some time to figure out that their prey was not in the upper three floors. By this time he and Queenan had reached the ground and run around the side of the building. He had then spotted the dumpster. Billy had jumped inside, pulling Queenan up afterwards; fortunately it was only half full with contractors dry waste. Being inside a dumpster might not be good for reception, but Queenan had now made contact with Dignam. Fortunately, Dignam was now near to the surveillance radio operator. Pushing the operator aside, Dignam ordered the surveillance team to protect Queenan in the dumpster outside the building. The surveillance team had already downed the guard that the gang had left with the cars and had charged inside, so they needed Dignam's message repeating before they were willing to break of and go back outside. Sullivan had desperately texted Costello to abort, but Costello's attempts to contact the gang did no good. However, the shoot-out with the downstairs guards had distracted the gang, who now decided to exit the building as fast as they could, taking the injured guard with them. Dignum had also requested backup, but by the time they arrived the gang was long gone. The backup team found the surveillance team with Billy and Queenan at the dumpster. Queenan had now grasped the situation, and told Dignam to find out the names of all cops involved in the surveillance operation, or who had been in close proximity. That included Sullivan and his hangers on. Queenan also told Dignam to \"roast Sullivan over a slow fire\" in order to get the name of his \"source\", and to get an emergency ID for Bill in the pipeline. Queenan placed little faith in the value of Sullivan's source, while Billy placed little faith in either Sullivan or a source of what was probably Costello misinformation. But how could Costello be certain that Sullivan would take the bait, unless ... The remainder of the ride back to SIU headquarters was a relief to Billy, though lack of a clean extraction was bound to cause him security issues. Queenan was in a fury with the damage that the mole was doing, now the mole was compromising undercover operations. Sullivan's stupidity was going to result in him receiving some real stick.[Chapter 2] Once back at SIU things got very heated. Sullivan seemed to have a plausible excuse for everything that he had done, while the explanation of his 'source' seemed both meaningful and empty; Sullivan was just too Mister Squeaky Clean for Billy, and when Sullivan made Dignum style insinuations about Billy's comments being those a worthless crook, the pair came to blows. Queenan gave strict orders that the two were not to converse with each other and qualified this by then saying that only he and Dignam could give Billy orders. That perplexed Sullivan as so far no mention had been made in his presence of Billy's exact status. While Ellerby didn't seem to like Billy, he gave Sullivan little in the way of moral support - probably he was thinking about how badly Sullivan's actions could have backfired, losing the undercover in Costello's gang was bad enough. Had he promoted Sullivan too soon? Back in Queenan's office, Dignum confided to them that he had seen Sullivan doing illegal texting during the joint FBI SIU operation five months back. He also warned them that Sullivan and Barrigan were close mates, and both had risen together even though Barrigan was non too bright. The other key operative in their group was Brown who seemed non too sharp - Billy knew this to be true, although he knew that Brown was far from stupid. Dignum did not know what to make of Brown's relationship with Sullivan, other than of the group's \"office boy\". After this, while Dignum continued to find out who else might have known about the surveillance operation, Queenan reinstated Billy and released his back pay, although it would take several days to get Billy's probation lifted; until then Billy could not be issued with a police badge, just an SIU id. But at least people would now know that Billy was an SIU employee, effectively on suspension. Queenan also realised that until the mole problem was removed, besides Dignam, Billy was perhaps the only operative that he could totally trust. This was unfortunate since while Queenen, and Dignam, knew that Billy was good, Billy lacked any knowledge of policing reality and how the SIU worked. This was why Billy's idea about flushing the mole out with fake information was never an option. Billy was a fast learner, but would be operating under a real handicap. The next problem was Billy's safety.[Chapter 3] For the time being, Queenan had decided that Billy should move in with him and his wife; the SIU could spare a couple of cops to watch the house for a few days. Boring basic special police work that someone trustworthy and reliable like Billy was needed for, but which would be a complete waste of Billy's abilities, and drive him out of the force. Also, Queenen reflected after dinner, as he had seen on the tower roof, Billy was now a bag of nerves under his hard hostile exterior. Queenan, like Dignum, had realised from the start that Billy was not the hard guy his persona projected, but an intelligent, sensitive, and very accomplished actor. Still, Billy would mend. Just because Queenan didn't think that Billy could ever be a standard cop didn't mean that Billy couldn't fit within the SIU; he needed to put Billy's brain to work on dealing with the mole, otherwise the SIU was completely fucked. In the meantime Billy had been reviewing events and considering options. This fiasco did not just affect himself, although he could live with the loss of his bonus, and maybe he could even gain some street cred with Maddy now. But he had failed as an undercover cop, even though it was not his fault. Costello must be over the moon. However, on the bright side, the fiasco may have forced Costello's mole to show his hand. If the false allegation really had come from a source, then maybe it could be traced back to Costello and exploited. But if it came from a source and the mole was expected to exploit it's results, then Dignam's list could yield dividends once some in-depth background checking was done. Maybe they could match up the staffing operations lists with the cases known where the mole had warned Costello? But if it really came from the mole then it should lead to Sullivan and he could be put under close observation, reducing his value to Costello. But again, how could Costello be certain that Sullivan would take the bait, unless the source and the mole were one and the same? And that triggered a brain wave; Costello sold people to the FBI![Chapter 4] Striking while the iron was hot was probably the best option. The next morning Billy guided a small team of cops picked by Dignam for their \"bluntness\" and willingness to look the other way to the house of the drug addict and pusher who a few months ago had \"told\" Billy about Costello's unscrupulous FBI deals. Like before, Billy had no stomach for hurting the guy in order to get information; that's what the others were for. They discretely made their way to the back of the house. Bursting in, Billy introduced his police companions, and urged the addict to tell them what he knew. The addict remembered Billy's last visit, so little persuasion was required once Billy threatened to have him arrested - which would be very bad for his drug business - and told him that his name would never be mentioned. The \"interview\" details were to be kept very much under lock and key. In the end the addict provided them with a number of names and contacts, although some details were vague and all would need following up. There were also some details that once investigated should give them details about deals that Costello would rather not be known by rival gangs, not that the SIU would want a war of revenge between the Costello's Irish mob and the likes of the Providence Mafia. Back at the SIU, Queenan's decide that it should only take a couple of days to verify the alleged cases of crooks being sold to the FBI, and a week to follow up on the other stuff. Once even one case was verified, they could tell Ellerby about it and start spreading the dirt on Costello around the SIU. Sullivan, or any other mole, should then be in for a worrying time. ","Summary":" Hiding in the dumpster was hardly a good option, but it was the only one, Billy reflected as Queena"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"The Unwanted","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10153235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy had been waiting in the SIU lobby for hours. Sleeping was impossible so the next best thing to counting sheep was to think over what had happened during the past 6 hours. Costello had come in that night and announced that the \"plan\" had been partly successful since Queenan was dead and Dignum had resigned; that had come as a devastating shock to Billy. Fortunately for Billy, someone else had been baffled enough to ask \"So what, when they get over it the rat will be on our backs again\". Costello's reply was, no chance, our \"friend\" in the police will have found the rat by then. That is what Billy had feared, and again some else conveniently asked \"How?\". Costello replied, \"Remember all that personal data you lot gave me. I gave it to our friend to put through the cops employment computer whenever he can. Once it wants a password, we have the rat\". Billy went cold. However, Costello went out and no one was watching Billy. Billy realised that as the letter had been passed to the mole a couple of weeks ago, chances were the Mole was having problems. Also, Costello's line was odd, uncharacteristic. Billy realised that Costello, who had never talked about the mole before, by revealing so much about the Mole's operations could be using a desperate tactic to frighten Billy out. Well, it was going to work. But, he had to be careful and not panic, yet. Billy rejoined the conversation, which was now about the Mole. That was going to be a risky topic, but French was with Costello, for now. Billy took a chance and \"innocently\" commented, \"Even if our cop can get access to the computers, they must be banged up tight\", something that Billy now realised was not true, \"only a top cop should be able to use them\", well that was true, up to a point. Billy's fishing comment drew a response from one of the more weasel like crooks, \"Sure, he's important, he helped me out\". Billy was too shocked to think clearly, but another waded in with a \"How!\". The reply was \"Remember how the cops arrested me. This fancy cop swaggers to interrogate me, and tells me to phone my mother. The cameras were off so I phoned Costello to tell him that a raid was coming\". Billy needed to leave. Fortunately French had not returned while the conversation about the Mole dried up for lack of details, the crook having decided that it might not be wise to tell anymore. Billy guessed that there wasn't much more to tell, but it should be enough. Had Dignum resigned? Maybe, maybe not. But if the mole could get access to the computers, he would get in, eventually. Finding an opening, Billy said he needed to visit the men's room, and swaying as he passed a table, said \"God, I feel tired\", something that several others were also thinking; they had been drinking, whereas Billy usually only drank Cranberry Juice as part of an act that he was on drugs. For now, where thinking, speed and reflexes were concerned, Billy had an advantage. Outside, Billy made a play of going into the Men's Room, then he silently sprinted to the back door, and out into the back yard. Closing the door carefully, he ran to his car which he always kept near the exit. Revving it up he drove it slowly to the exit as quietly as possible. Once out, Billy switched on the headlights; once way from the block he was, almost, safe, and he drove for the bridge. The crooks didn't know Billy's area of Boston well so he would have another lead on them if they thought that he was missing too long and got suspicious. Once on the bridge Billy relaxed. Then he decided to phone, Dignum? No, leave it for now. Half an hour later saw Billy parked at the back of his house, then scaling a drain pipe to get over the fence and then to his back door. Long ago he had mapped out this route in case he needed to leave by the back door. Grabbing a few things he might need and making sure the water and electric's were off, he left the house by the front door taking shelter behind various features of the sidewalk until he was clear. Heading towards the nearest subway entrance, with the aid of a bus, that happened to be passing took another half hour. As he walked, Billy tried to phone Dignum, but the phone failed to get a response. However, it didn't say \"No Connection\". That suggested that the phone was intact, but no-one was there to answer it. But what did that prove? Finally, one and a half hours after Costello had addressed them and very late into the night, Billy reached the SIU. Pausing briefly he wondered what to do. There might only be a sergeant on duty, the mole might be anyone, and how would the police react to Billy. He would have to be careful.[Chapter 2] The Desk Sergeant had been far from helpful; at best suspicious, at worse hostile. Billy had only said that he was an out of touch undercover operative who needed to see Sergeant Dignum now that Queenen was dead. Billy refused to give his name, saying that as it was known that Costello had friends in the SIU and the FBI, he needed to withhold his name. If Dignum couldn't see him, then he had to talk to the remaining captain in charge - and no one else. Eventually the morning shift began, and Billy talked to the daytime Desk Sergeant, who told him that Dignum had resigned. Billy demanded to see Ellerby; he took a chance and said that he also had Intel regarding Costello's penetration of the SIU and FBI. Billy didn't like mentioning the FBI, he felt that they were a real danger, an arrogant case of Absolute Power Corrupts in the cause of duty. However, it should gain attention, which it did when eventually Ellerby was contacted. The interview with Ellerby and a few other cops did not go smoothly. Billy had eaten nothing since noon the day before so he was feeling bad, while Ellerby took an instant dislike to Billy once one of the other cops recognised Billy. Ellerby grabbed Billy and demanded to know what had happened to Queenan. At first Billy was stunned by the brutal hostility. Finally Billy croaked out that Costello had been told were he was meeting Queenen and that if Ellerby wanted to know what he knew about the Mole and the FBI, Ellerby needed to be nice to Billy. Billy wanted his \"identity\" (whatever that was) back and the money that he had been promised, for over a years work. Ellerby did not take kindly to \"blackmail\" so it took a while to \"persuade\" him to open the Personnel Database, with Billy checking up on what he was entering; that got up everyone's noses but was necessary, else Ellerby would not have entered \"trooper\" in the rank field. Once the records were open and Ellerby could see that Billy was a cop, his attitude to Billy still did not change. This hid the fact that Ellerby now realised that he had behaved like an ass towards Billy, and that the SIU was even more fucked up than ever. He should never have let Dignum storm out. For his part, Billy refused to say more until he got what he wanted; he didn't trust Ellerby at all now.[Chapter 3] Finally, and after some violence that Billy did not retaliate against, Ellerby ordered Billy to be put in the cells until he became more co-operative, Billy then demanded a lawyer. The other cops were shocked by the events - was Ellerby losing it? In fact Ellerby needed time to cool down. He reread Billy's records, printed them out and closed the file. Then he made a call to the Clinic to get hold of Billy's Shrink. An hour later Billy's Shrink called him, and Ellerby explained about Billy's situation and how Ellerby should handle it. The Shrink said that they would have to review the case notes, certainly Billy was quite a case. In the meantime, Sullivan had finally started to get wind of what had gone on. Well, the rat had been flushed out as planned, but did the rat know anything about Sullivan? He decided to call in at the detention wing and ask about Billy. The detention guards knew a little about what had been said, that Billy claimed to know something about Costello's SIU and FBI links and was holding out for a reward. Sullivan felt that Billy was just some opportunist thug hired by Queenan, and decided that it was best to stay away. Although trouble might just be coming his way and the less chances he took the better. Getting Costello of his back might not be backfiring, yet. And if Billy really did know something about Costello's FBI links, that might be worth knowing. By the time Sullivan learned that Billy was a cop, it was too late to even consider trying to silence him. Just as Ellerby was about to resume work after lunch, Dr Madden arrived, demanding to see Billy. Billy's Shrink, disturbed by Ellerby's actions and Billy's condition, had asked for Maddy's advice during lunch. Now realising how flawed her original diagnosis had been and how deep were Billy's neurosis's, Maddy had come running to Billy's aid. Having calmed down, Ellerby was now amenable to reason, especially from an educated police specialist who could cause a lot of trouble for Ellerby.[Chapter 4] Maddy was shocked by Billy's condition, physical and mental. She also recognised that Billy was never going to cooperate with Ellerby while he felt vulnerable and at risk of being cheated by people he no longer trusted. Dignum had a lot to answer for too, Maddy had heard about him, one of the few patients who did get talked about by name. Maddy told Billy that she would do what she could as an honest broker, and that she would take over Billy's files from the other Shrink. For now she didn't mention her pregnancy by Billy. Returning to Ellerby, Maddy then proceeded to thoroughly castigate Ellerby; Billy was about to be exposed by the Mole, Billy had not even been fed and was starving, Billy needed his cuts and bruises attending to. What kind of dungeon was Ellerby keeping !. If he didn't let Billy out she was going to the lawyers. As Maddy played him, Ellerby felt that he was being beaten up by Wilma Flintstone and her rolling-pin. Reluctantly, very reluctantly ( fortunately no one else could hear what was going on ) though many were looking on, Ellerby agreed that he had mistreated Billy and asked Maddy for advice. After this, Ellerby phoned the detention wing and ordered the Sergeant to feed Billy, try to patch him up, and then escort him up. After this Ellerby phoned his own superior for advice and authorisation. Ellerby decided to take a hard line with Billy, at least for now. When Billy arrived Ellerby ordered him to sit. Once Billy was seated, Ellerby showed Billy a badge, Billy's badge. Ellerby was blunt, he didn't like or trust Billy (yet), but he needed Billy continuing to work on the ground to undermine Costello and to help keep the other serious gangs in check. So Ellerby was not prepared to restore Billy's identity, yet. But as Billy's cover was now broken, he was prepared to put Billy on the payroll and give him a badge for protection. It would soon be common knowledge in the SIU that Billy was a cop, but on the street that could remain unknown, maybe forever. Ellerby also said that some of the surveillance people would stay with Billy so that he could sleep easily at night until Costello had other things to think about. Billy caved in, and told Ellerby what he knew. Ellerby immediately gave Surveillance orders to send up a list of people involved in tailing Queenan, the only others would be those in Sullivan's unit. Then Ellerby ordered up the arrest files relating to the crook who had seen the mole. It was now that Sullivan learned that Billy was a cop; a cold wind started to blow, even though there were no open windows. ","Summary":" Billy had been waiting in the SIU lobby for hours. Sleeping was impossible so the next best thing t"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Reinstatement","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10035214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dignum had been back two days but there was still a pile of urgent office mail to go through. Then he finally noticed three identical letters, except that the postmarks were each a day apart. The most recent had arrived today. He had more important things to do than answer trivial letters, but someone was being persistent - maybe someone who had a valid reason and could not afford to be overlooked? He opened the oldest letter, and got a shock. He had not had his eye on the ball. Later that day Dignam and Ellerby completed their examination of Queenan's files. Costigan's name was conspicuously absent. Dignam asked if the files had been kept totally sealed until his return. Ellerby replied yes, except to help Sullivan find the mole. Costello's death meant that less security was needed. \"Wrong\", snarled Dignum, \"look at this\". Dignum had hoped to hide Billy's letter from Ellerby since he knew that Sullivan was The Apple of Captain Ellerby's Eye, but now... The letter said : \" Dignam, I tried to report in after Costello's death but found that the Staff Sergeant processing me was Costello's mole. I ran for my life. He set Costello onto us when I met with Queenan. Then he ran me, claiming that he had taken over all of Queenan's duties. Costello threatened him with exposure if he was caught so he needed Costello dead if he could not expose me - he was keen to get me to come in but I didn't trust him. Staff Sergeant Sullivan is guilty of corruption, involvement in the murder of Captain Queenan and the murder of Costello. You get me out of this fix - he will either set his tame cops on me or get the FBI to do it - as Costello did to others. And watch your back .\" There was also a phone number which so far Dignam had not used. Dignam, and Ellerby, was disturbed about the FBI reference; it promised new revelations to come. Privately, Dignum considered Billy's warning might have merit; he'd underestimated Sullivan. Dignum rounded on Ellerby, \"Costigan's a shitless son of an ass, but he wouldn't be making this up without good reason. He's a cop and needs protection. His personnel record may have been wiped too. He needs reinstating\". But even Ellerby could not reinstate Billy because of the criminal record. Dignam replied that there were documents that Billy had signed agreeing to undercover work. Their exact details were evidence showing that Billy was a cop, and it was unlikely that Sullivan could have got to them, yet. But they would take time to track down. Ellerby gave Dignum carte blanch to proceed. The problem now was Sullivan. As it was, Ellerby simply could not believe that Sullivan was the mole, and Dignum was going to have trouble not ramming Sullivan's head through a wall. The best strategy for now was avoidance : Ellerby would carry on as before, while Dignum would stay out of Sullivan's way. Ellerby went to tell Sullivan in no uncertain terms that Dignum was in charge of Queenan's section until a new Captain was appointed.[Chapter 2] Returning to his office, Dignam decided to pay Sullivan back in kind. Dignam phoned Surveillance and said that undercover information had been received that someone in Sullivan's section was the mole. For now, start with tailing Sullivan; there would be some easy take ups there. Surveillance were also to look out for and protect Billy Costigan, an out of contact undercover cop on the run who the mole may be out to kill .It wouldn't mean that much to Surveillance but it was the best that Dignum could do for now. Then Dignam phoned Billy, who promptly had hysterics at the news. When Billy calmed down, Dignum got Billy's Personnel Record access information and tried to enter it into the Personnel Database, with no result. Due to his lack of any security, Billy again had hysterics which took some time for Dignam's insults to calm down. Dignam assured Billy that he would make out a new undercover file, and would then amend Billy's criminal record to give Billy some protection. Surveillance had been put on Sullivan and they were also to look out for Billy. Billy would be reinstated, but it would take time and Billy's money could not be guaranteed. For now Billy should stay under cover. Billy then told Dignum in full about the things the letter had only hinted at. Dignum created a new undercover record for Billy and then went to Queenan's office. Actually finding the details about Billy's paper's was second on the agenda, first he wanted to find out what Queenan had discovered about Costello's FBI links. Meanwhile, Billy phoned Maddy and told her to put the letter that he had given her on hold for now. He'd managed to make contact with the undercover police supervisor, only open the letter if something happened to him. This left Maddy quite baffled, what was Billy's connection with the undercover police?[Chapter 3] It took a week for Dignum to track down and request the necessary documents and false witnesses. They were then presented to Ellerby who signed the necessary paperwork for Billy's reinstatement. Since the documents were dated it meant that Billy would get his back pay. Dignam was actually quite happy to have Billy working for him as a tame criminal, that background might be of some use in undercover work. He phoned Billy to come in. Billy came in a few hours later and reluctantly accepted his badge. He would also have to endure the indignity of wearing the full police uniform until his status was more certain. But at least he had protection now, if nothing else. Maybe he should tell the truth about himself to Maddy. At Least he might feel better. Dignum set him to work, looking for leads to help clear up Costello's mess. It was likely that the IT contractors could reclaim Billy's deleted details from Queenan's PC and the backups of the police database. Sullivan, who had been on the alert ever since Ellerby had told him to keep to his own section, was feeling as if there was a big sword about to drop. Not being openly accused by Billy and Dignum was quite unnerving.[Chapter 4] Billy's reinstatement at the SIU was initially greeted with considerable muted animosity. Everyone felt that he was a crook and no one wanted to talk to him. His slightly sinister off-putting appearance and innate belligerence didn't help. However, to the rookie cops he was a figure of interest, and anyway Dignam said Billy was a cop, so Billy must be a cop. Once Billy's story got round, the other cops stopped giving him the cold shoulder, although they continued to avoid him. At least Billy would now get invited to the yearly social do's. This worried Sullivan. There was now no way he could drive a wedge between Billy and the other cops, and it would be dangerous to undermine either Billy or Dignum openly. Best to stay clear of them and keep his nose clean. But it had upset Billy. So a few days later found Billy in the restaurant near to Maddy's clinic, fingering his badge. Maddy recognised it as a displacement activity indicating insecurity. She made her decision. Holding Billy's hands she said \"I'm pregnant\". \"Does he know\" asked Billy in a neutral tone which masked his true feelings. \"Yes. And I'm going to call the baby William\", she replied. Billy was unsettled and off balance, \"Why that name\". \"Because that's his fathers name\", she replied quietly. Maddy paused then said \"His fathers name, your name, not his foster fathers name\". Billy was paralysed by this revelation. Maddy continued, \"Well, you always said that I was a liar, so there should be no problem with little Billy having two fathers.\" That really made Billy incapable of saying anything. Then Maddy said in a determined manner, \"So, you are going to go to your current psychiatrist, tell them about your change of circumstances and ask to be transferred back to me. Then everything will be above board and ethical\". Billy wasn't so sure of either the above board or ethical, but he did as he was told. Not that it would matter. Three months later Billy, working undercover, finally tracked down Costello's lawyer who was forced to divulge a host of interesting documents. Sullivan escaped Billy's police squad by a mere five minutes, but only because he knew of a hidden access into the apartment block's crawl space. Barrigan also tried to hide but his lack of real ability soon lead to Billy's hand on the back of his neck. ","Summary":" Dignum had been back two days but there was still a pile of urgent office mail to go through. Then "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coyote Ugly 2: Rachel's Story","Author":"JKerry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11200449","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Coyote Ugly 2: Rachel's Story Rachel Timmins sighed as she pulled another pint that Friday night in the Coyote Ugly bar. She never thought she'd heard herself say this, but she was beginning to feel that the bar was getting kinda boring. She was beginning to feel tired of being known as the 'New York Bitch' all the time, as her friends at the bar dubbed her. \"Here you go, honey,\" she said to a customer with wink as she gave him the pint. \"Thanks, darlin',\" he replied and winked at her too. Rachel then moved to another part of the bar, away from him. Don't even think about it, son, she thought. As she looked around the jam packed bar, Rachel felt tired of always keeping her guard up around her. She wanted to calm down. Geez, I hope this isn't a sign of old age, she thought. Just then her best friend, Cammie, walked over to her and grabbed her hand excitedly. Rachel always thought Cammie acted like an excited little girl sometimes. Cammie was the one who showed her the ropes when she first started here as a bartender two years ago. She never found out how long Cammie had been working here for, and looked at her in envy as she seemed to find a way to STILL be able to get excited and have a laugh. \"Come on, Rach,\" she said, her face flushed with excitement. \"Let's show them what the Russian Tease and the New York Bitch are made of,\" she said, before dragging Rachel up on the bar. Their favorite song was playing, and they danced and swayed to the music. Rachel found herself doing this automatically to an enthusiastic crowd. She finished dancing with Cammie to a loud round of applause, and the two high fived each other before getting down from the bar and started to serve drinks again. \"Hey, Lil, where's Jersey? Is she coming tonight? The place is getting busy, we need her,\" Rachel shouted to her boss over the noisy crowd. Lil was serving two customers at the time before she shouted back, \"She's coming in half an hour. Said she was hold up- something to do with Kevin!\" Lil said. Rachel rolled her eyes as she served another customer. It was just like Violet to choose her boyfriend over them. At the same time, she envied Violet for having a boyfriend. Rachel knew that her reputation made herself a little cut off from men, she felt she came into contact with two kinds of men: men who were scared of her or men who were rough and huge, wanting that adrenaline from a feisty chick. None of which Rachel wanted to get close to or form a relationship at all. Someone tapped her on the shoulder. It was Cammie. \"Hey, Cam. What's up?\" Rachel asked. Cammie smiled. \"Hey, Rach. I just wondered if I can talk to you for a sec? Do you have a loo break coming up?\" She asked, sophisticated as ever. Rachel raised her eyebrow. \"Thanks for the offer, but you know I don't swing that way, Cam,\" she said dryly with a grin. Cammie hit her lightly on the arm. \"Look, I need to tell you some news about me and Al. Please, can I talk you in your break?\" She asked. Rachel grinned and nodded. \"OK. I'm on a break in five. I'll meet you in the loos then,\" she said, and Cammie gave her a quick hug. \"Thanks, Rach,\" she said before Lil gave them a pointed 'get back to work' look. So Rachel and Cammie went back to pulling pints again. Rachel needed some brandy for a customer, and asked the newbie, Casy, if she could pass it to her. To Rachel's frustration, the newbie dropped the bottle. Apparently, she still hadn't quite learnt the tricks with bottles yet. \"I'm sorry,\" she said rather shakily, as Lil got her a mop and a bucket. \"Clean it up,\" Lil told her in a no nonsense tone before she went back to serving customers. The jukebox was playing I love Rock 'n' Roll when Violet arrived. \"Jersey! You're early!\" Lil exclaimed. Violet grinned. \"Yeah, Kevin let me come in tonight as he had to go to work instead,\" she said. Lil grinned back at her. \"You're a life saver,\" she said, as she handed Violet a bottle to a customer that needed serving. Rachel took this opportunity to go for a loo break. \"Lil! Cammie and me are going for a five minute break. See you in a minute, yeah?\" She yelled over the din. \"OK, but be back here in five on the spot,\" Lil yelled back. Cammie finished serving a customer before walking with Rachel to the loos. Rachel wondered what it was she was going to tell her. Was she pregnant? Had she and Al been fighting again? Had they broken up? As soon as they entered the loos, Cammie held up her hand to Rachel excitedly. \"Guess what?\" She asked with an enormous grin on her face. Rachel looked at her hand, and was surprised to see a ring with a huge, massive, diamond rock sparkling on Cammie's finger. \"Al proposed last night! We're getting married!\" Cammie gushed excitedly. For a moment, Rachel felt envious again, but she saw how happy her friend looked and the jealousy melted away. She and Cammie had been friends for a good two years now, and Cammie was okay. She deserved to be happy. After getting over the shock, Rachel smiled and gave her a bear hug. \"Oh my God! I'm so happy for you, Cam,\" she said happily. Cammie hugged her back before stepping back. \"Thanks, Rach,\" she said, a bit seriously this time. \"I know it must be hard for you, being single still, and well, I want you to know, I still think of you as my best buddy, and I won't leave you,\" she said. She then took a deep breath. \"In fact, I was wondering, would you be my bridesmaid of honour?\" She blurted out before she lost the nerve. Rachel's mouth hung open in shock. But it was a nice surprise. \"Of course I will, Cammie!\" She said, and the two girls hugged each other excitedly again. \"You deserve to be happy, Cam,\" Rachel found herself saying. \"You're a good pal. So because Al's going to make an honest woman out of you, does this mean you're leaving us?\" She asked. Cammie grinned and shook her head. \"Course not, babe. Al loves it when I work here-he says it makes our relationship exciting,\" she said. \"OK. Have you told the others? What about Lil?\" Rachel asked. \"I've told Lil at the start of my shift this evening,\" Cammie told her. \"She was cool about it. Jersey and Casy are the only ones who I haven't told. I'll tell them when they're on their break, so please don't say anything, okay?\" She asked. Rachel nodded. \"Of course. You can trust me, Cam,\" she said. Cammie smiled. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"I knew I could count on you,\" she added, before they shared one last hug. \"Well, let's get back out there. Showtime,\" Cammie told Rachel with a wink, and she bounded back into the bar. Rachel followed suit. Cammie was right, it was hard for her to see her friend happy and loved up. Rachel felt the sudden need to go home and have an early night. She'll see what time Lil needs her till, then she'll go home as soon as possible, she decided as she walked back behind the bar. But if the looks of the crowd tonight was anything to go by, it could be a long while before she got home.[Chapter 2] Coyote Ugly: Rachel's Story Chapter 2 With a weary sigh, Rachel unlocked the front door to her apartment and went inside. She closed the door behind her and collapsed tiredly on the sofa. She gazed around her living room as she tried to stay awake. The bar was busy that night, she didn't get home until way past 1am. She yawned as she picked up the remote and turned on the TV, trying to calm herself down as she was still on a high from her work. It was her usual routine. She looked around the apartment and saw she needed to clean up. Her apartment was small, she had a sofa, coffee table, tv, and kitchenette all in one room. She had a small bedroom and bathroom, but it suited her just fine. Rachel switched off the TV before finding out she had an answer machine message. She clicked it on. \"Hey, Rach,\" a happy voice said, \"it's Vi. Have you heard about Cammie? It's great news, right huh? Listen, Kev and I are gonna move into our own place! Would you like to come and visit me sometime and help me move stuff? Ring us back if you're interested. Take care, Rach,\" she said, before the end of message tone beeped. Rachel sighed and flopped on to the couch. Great, another Coyote is moving on with her life, she thought moodily. What am I gonna do? She wondered. It was a year since she had a boyfriend, and that didn't last long. He said he was intimidated by her and thought her rowdy ways at work were 'scary'. Rachel snorted as she remembered when they split up. What a wimp he was, she thought. Then her eyes fell on the mail. She picked up a paper and found herself drawn to the personal ad section. Then she found it. Double dating agency? She thought. Hey, might not be such a bad idea, she thought as she read the ad. It was being held in the New York community centre the next evening. Rachel found herself warming to the idea more and more as she thought about it. It could work. She had tomorrow off from work, and she had never gone to a dating agency before. With a grin, she circled the ad with a felt tip pen before yawning and checking her watch. 2pm. Better get to bed, she thought, before getting up slowly and making her way to her bedroom. ","Summary":" Coyote Ugly 2: Rachel's Story Rachel Timmins sighed as she pulled another pint that Friday night in"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"ACE IN THE HOLE","Author":"BURT'SFROG","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4964597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ace In The Hole AN: Don't own anything, just taking my turn at playing. This idea kinda just popped in my head last night, so here it is. It was 5:30 in the morning and Lil had finally gotten in bed. It had been an interesting night at the bar; in fact every night had been almost horrible since Jersey had left. Lying in the back bedroom of her apartment, chosen because it was the farthest from the busy sounds of the city streets, she stared at the ceiling. The beginnings of the sunrise seeping through the windows laying a bought of light across her white tank and black basketball shorts. Finally drifting into a much needed sleep she heard a key enter the lock of her front door, not budging she waited to see who it was. Knowing that if she heard someone raising hell Rachel had gotten drunk and couldn't go home, but there was no yelling or cursing so it had to be her. Suddenly a shadowed figure appeared in the doorway to her bedroom. \"Hey Lil, it's me Vi- Jersey.\" Lil had to wet her lips before she could speak. \"Hey Jersey, what brings you here, and by here I mean my apartment at not even six in the morning?\" The younger blonde couldn't even speak she just broke out in subtle sobs, motioning to her bed Lil gave an unspoken invitation. \"What's going on Jersey, you can't show up here in the middle of the night bawling your eyes out and not tell me what's wrong.\" \"Everything, nothing's went right since I left the bar, sure I'm selling songs but I don't feel complete. Not to mention Kevin left me, which really didn't make me sad it just left me lonely. Lil I just want to forget, can you please help me forget everything.\" Lil sat there for a minute just rubbing Jersey's shoulders, before she got the nerve to speak. \"You obviously don't want to drink to forget, or you would have used your key to the bar. So Violet how is it you want me to help you forget.\" As the older blonde finished speaking the younger one pressed her lips to hers. \"Finished what I started and don't ever call me Violet.\" Smiling Lil took that as all the initiative she needed, leaning down over the younger woman Lil said the word she had longed to say forever. \"This will be one night you will never want to forget, Jersey.\" Waking in the morning Lil found herself alone, the other side of the bed cold. Walking into the kitchen she found a fresh pot of coffee and a note beside the coffee pot. Walking into the living room she noticed her white button up from the night before was missing. What did the note say? Will Lil see her shirt again, or did Jersey take it as a way to remember what made her forget? Why the title Ace In The Hole? Review and we shall find out. BTW I have learned I prefer short chapters, helps keep the reader interested.[Chapter 2] Ace In The Hole A/N: Still don't own them, but ohnboy if I did. Lil, Don'tnworry, I finally learned how to make decent coffee, but seriously Inneed some time to think. I thought I was sure about this but I don'tnknow what to do. I know like you, hell I even feel safe saying I lovenyou, but I don't know if I can be in love with you. And you deservenall or nothing, and at this point I'm not sure which I can givenyou. Don't worry about your shirt I'll bring it to you, seems yountore mine. Just give me a little time to think, please. Jersey P.S.nYou might want to put alcohol on your back, about the time you'renreading this the scratches will start to sting, I don't normallynbring blood. Guess that counts for something. Lilnjust stood there for a second she didn't know whether to be heartnbroken or smile, but just like Jersey predicted her back startednstinging at that very moment. Walking into her bathroom she pullednher tank off and looked in the mirror, if she didn't normally bringnblood Jersey had definitely had a good time; a couple spots looked asnif they could use stitches. After soaking a towel in alcohol andnblood Lil got ready to start her day. As the hot water beat down onnher shoulders, her mind played what had happened over and over in hernhead. She could feel her nails in her back, could see the look ofnecstasy on the younger girls face, could hear her name being screamednand could almost smell her still on her skin. Little did she know thensame images were floating through someone else's head across town. Decidingna button-up would be her best bet to cover her back, Lil grabbed hernwhite and blue striped one out of her closet. Pulling on her bootsnshe made her way toward the bar, they were opening at five seeing asnit was Saturday, and spring break time. Pulling up on her bike, shencut the engine and looked at a very pissed looking Rachel and Cammie. \"Hey,nwhy the happy look Rach?\" \"Lil,nwe have been waiting here for twenty-fuckin-minutes.\" \"Sorry,nI got stuck in traffic.\" \"Whatevernlet's just open this place up before an angry mob shows up.\" Thenrest of the night went smooth, though Rachel could tell her boss'nmind was somewhere else. Finally about eleven she figured part of itnout. \"HeynLil, can I talk to you in your office?\" \"Sure.\" Walkingnback to her office Rachel couldn't help but smile at the womannwalking in front of her, so caught up in her bar and her thoughts shenhadn't even noticed the tell all sign Rachel had. \"Takenoff your shirt, just do it. Tank too.\" Takingnoff both her shirts Lil was utterly confused Rachel was straight, shenstill had her bra, but with Rach's next words she caught on. \"Turnnaround, wow, hand me the first-aid kit.\" \"Howndid you know?\" \"Wellnlet's just say, you may not want to wear that shirt back into thenbar. You bled straight through it. So who is she? Someone I know?\" \"Inprefer not say, Rach. I'm not sure I can handle the words.\" \"K,nif you want to talk I'm here.\" Puttingnher leather jacket on over her shirts Lil walked back into the bar,njust in time to see a beautiful blonde come in dressed in an all toonfamiliar shirt. ","Summary":" Ace In The Hole AN: Don't own anything, just taking my turn at playing. This idea kinda just popped"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"New To The Pack","Author":"LauraElle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8049021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New to the Pack Chapter One: The Beginning Just like any other night Andy was sitting at her desk sketching out the new designs for the dress she was creating for Danny's shoot on Friday. He was on her sofa analysing the drawing she had done so far while sipping on the cold beer in his hand. \"I want big, floaty material, bright colours. The dress has to move well so that when the fans ae turned on the dress comes alive. It's the dress that makes the photo, which is why it has to be good.\" Danny was studying at The Fashion Institute of Technology with Andrea, he was studying photography while she studied fashion design. He had this way of making the skill required to design a dress sound as easy as flashing a camera. She huffed at him and continued to draw the lines of the material. The phone rang making her jump out of the trancelike state that she worked in, it had caused her to go off line and ruin the whole piece. Annoyed that hours of work now had to go in the trash she grabbed at the phone beside her. \"Hello!\" there was a pause while the voice on the other end spoke, her face instantly changed, as did her tone of voice. \"What? Well what about…\" her voice trailed off as the air left her body in one large blow that almost knocked her off balance. \"Oh, well I'll be there tomorrow then, thanks.\" She hung up the phone as her arm dropped to hang limply at her side. She slowly walked over and dropped onto the sofa beside Danny. \"Who was that then? Another diva model demanding a smaller size and saying that she couldn't possibly be fat enough to fit into your dress?\" He laughed as he playfully nudged her. She usually would have given him a witty reply, however she didn't seem to hear him, until he nudged her again. \"Huh? Oh no. It was my old neighbour Cindy, there's been an accident… Mom and Dad are dead.\" She looked vacant; the spark within her had been extinguished. \"Oh God Andy.\" He exclaimed, hugging her and expecting her to cry, instead she pushed him away mumbling to herself about times. \"What about Vicky?\" His concern for the little energetic fireball seeping out. \"Oh, she fine… Well she wasn't, you know…. In the car. She's with Cindy, I'm getting a flight back so I can sort out whatever needs to be done. It's on Friday, so there's lots to do. God Danny I can't do the shoot, I'm so sorry.\" Danny looked at her with his mouth open in shock, her parents have just died and she's worried about missing the stupid shoot. \"Jeez And. The shoot can wait. I'm coming with you, right now you need a friend. I'll go pack some clothes and come straight back. Then I'll sort the flights, don't worry.\" He left, giving her once last worried look from the door before he closed it and went to his apartment across the hall. Left alone she decided that it was her responsibility to book the flights, she looked around for her phone before realising it was still hanging in her limp hand. The first flights weren't available until the morning. Once she booked them she headed into her room to pack. When she returned to the living room she saw that Danny had let himself in and had made some fresh coffee. She sat on the coffee table and explained that the flight was at 4am and the cab was coming at 3am. He sat beside her and hugged her. She seemed so fragile right now, not like the bright young woman she was only two hours ago. They stayed there in silence until the cab came and they began their journey back to where Andrea grew up, the place she hated so much that she packed up and left the first chance she got.[Chapter 2] New To The Pack Chapter Two: Mixing It Up \"So I've been thinking that we should get some new staff around here.\" Lil had been considering it for a while now and had only just decided that it was time for someone new to join her little pack of coyotes. A mix of shocked and angry questions came from the three girls she had employed years ago, she did love them, they had stayed with her over time and proved to be trusted barwomen. But hell did they get on her nerves when they acted like they had a say in the running of this place. \"Look I'm not arguing with you about it, and I certainly don't need your permission to make some changes to this place. I want to mix things up around here, maybe get a new barwoman and even a new bouncer perhaps, you know to help out with the growth in business lately\". Rachel stood up, outraged \"We don't need anyone new Lil! Look at the Jersey Girl. They only last five minutes then leave, punters don't want that. We have it covered.\" She may be a bitch but she was a bitch with a point. Jersey, what was her real name? Vivian? Rose? Lilly? Violet! That's the one, she was nothing but trouble and left soon after. \"Yeah well who's the boss around here anyway? Lou could use the hand and a fresh girl couldn't go a miss. So that's that. The signs go up first thing.\" With that they all groaned. She could tell that they weren't happy from the rolling of their eyes. But Lil knew that Zoe wasn't stubborn or strong enough to hold a grudge and that Rachel never liked anyone, as for Cammie, she was just following suit and would love the opportunity to meet someone new, especially if that someone was a man! At around 11am the next morning Lil was sorting out the new order when she heard someone try the door upstairs. \"Hello, anybody there?\" it was a man's voice, deep and husky, kinda young. \"Yeah down here, what's up?\" \"I'm looking for the guy in charge, he down there?\" \"Yeah come on down, bring a case with you.\" I may as well be getting some help loading this stuff, this kids gonna get a big shock when he realises his guy is a 5ft 7 blonde with boobs. Lil peered round to where the stairs were to see a tall, muscular, young guy with a case under each arm. Hmmm not bad, bit of a show off, probably an ass kiss too. But overall not bad. \"What are you doing here?\" She eyed him up and down trying to imagine him outside her club next to Lou, the image made her chuckle a little under her breath. \"Erm yeah, I saw one of your signs, you have a job opening or something. Where do you want these anyway?\" he gave her a cheeky grin, much like she expected from a wild five year old. \"You can just put those there.\" pointing on the table. He put them down with ease then stretched his arms out, as if relieving the strain of the two cases. \"Well before telling you about the job what's your name? Where you from? You do any drugs?\" She had to vet this guy, even if he looked good. \"Well I'm Craig, I'm 23, I come from Minnesota, and nope just coffee, if you count that\" he grinned at her again. God what was it with that grin, no 23 year old should grin like that, it annoyed her a little. Walking closer to him she grabbed his arms and looked for marks, well he was telling the truth. \"Ok Craig from Minnesota why do you think that you should get the job?\" Lil still wasn't too sure about this guy, he was too over confident for her liking, but it made him more sure in what he said. \"Well I'm guessing you're the guy I was looking for, so I want the job, I think you could use my help and from the way you have been eyeing me up you clearly want me.\" She looked at him, rolled her eyes and walked behind the plastic separators to stop herself from laughing in this kids face. \"Not to mention that I really can't be arsed with the protocols the other clubs have, they all screw around, yours is more grab and go.\" See that's more like what she was looking for, not some looker with his head up his ass. She came back through to where he was, this time it was her with the grin on her face. \"Ok then Craig you can start Friday night, show up at around 10 that's when Lou could use your help the most. Oh and no chatting up the girls either, they come to drink not chat to you.\" Well that's one down, she just needed a barwoman and she'd be set. ","Summary":" New to the Pack Chapter One: The Beginning Just like any other night Andy was sitting at her desk s"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coyote Ugly 2: Family matters","Author":"Harri B","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3910520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Coyote Ugly belongs to Jerry Bruckheimer and anyone else associated with the film. Any characters not mentioned in the film belong to me, so please obtain my permission before use. AN: This is my first Coyote Ugly fanfic, so please be nice and review. At the end will be a preview of chapter 2 I awoke with a start and decided to write a new song. My name is Violet Stanford. I'm from New Jersey and I'm a songwriter living in New York City with my boyfriend Kevin O'Donnell. When I first moved to New York, I got a job at Coyote Ugly, a bar. Night after night, I used to get up on the bar counter with the other coyote's and sing. One night, a customer got up on the counter when I was singing. I was trying to get him off the counter when he touched my hip and suddenly him and Kevin got into a fight. That night I lost my boyfriend and my job. Me and Kevin meet at a club I went to after not having much luck on finding anyone to listen to my songs. The bartender pointed out a guy who he said was the music manager. So I gave him my tape, turned out he worked in the kitchens instead. He found me working as a coyote and that night I decided it was payback time. So I auctioned him off. That's how our relationship began. After I lost my job and Kevin, my dad was walking one night to his compartment at the tollbooth when a car hit him and broke his leg. I told my dad I was going to move back home and he told me over his dead body was I moving home. He told me that my mother, who I thought was scared of the stage, came pretty close to the big time and after I was born, my dad didn't tell her how good she was and she gave up on her dream. After that heart to heart, I finished working on my song, sent it off and was asked to perform at the Bowery Ballroom. I freaked out as I began to perform, but Kevin saved the day by switching off all the lights, so I could begin to perform. My dad began to start dating his nurse and they moved in together, Cammie is engaged to Al, Lil and Lou are together, Zoe is graduating from law school in a couple of months, Rachel is still a New York bitch, Gloria and Danny are happily married, me and Kevin are great and 2 of my songs, \"Can't fight the moonlight.\" and \"Please remember.\" have been brought and performed by LeAnn Rimes. I began playing the keyboard when Kevin came over and kissed me. \"Morning.\" He said in his sexy Australian accent \"Good morning.\" I replied smiling \"Are you sure you're up for the trip to South Amboy? You still look sick.\" He asked \"Kevin, I'll be fine. You're just scared to have lunch with my dad.\" \"Well there is that as well.\" Kevin said grinning \"I'm going to go get ready.\" AN: I hope you all liked and here is the preview of the next chapter. \"Maybe you are.\" Gloria said \"Maybe I'm what?\" I asked confused \"Pregnant.\" Gloria said staring at my stomach AN: So, is Violet pregnant? I need reviews if you want the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer:nCoyote Ugly doesn't belong to me, so please don't sue. Anyncharacters not associated with the movie belong to me, so pleasenobtain my permission before use. AN:nThank you to everyone who reviewed the first chapter. I am so sorrynupdates are taking so long, college is driving me crazy at thenminutes, so updates will be rare until July. At the end will be anpreview of chapter 3, so enjoy! BillnStanford's house, South Amboy, NJ, Dadnand Kevin were outside making a barbeque and Gloria and I werentalking. \"Maybenyou are,\" Gloria said. \"MaybenI'm what?\" I asked confused. \"Pregnant,\"nGloria said staring at my stomach. Twenty-fivenminutes later, Incame out of the toilet. \"Well?\"nGloria asked. \"I'mnnot pregnant,\" I said. \"OhnVi,\" she said pulling me into a hug. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Comenon, let's go eat dinner.\" Tennminutes later, \"Whatnjob do you do Kevin?\" Bill Stanford asked as he watched the youngnAustralian man swallow some beef. \"Indo a wide range of jobs sir,\" Kevin said being as honest as hencould. \"Suchnas?\" Bill asked starring Kevin in the eye. \"Dad!\"nI snapped. \"Kevin does a wide range of jobs, it's not necessarynto know what he does.\" \"Inwas checking that he wasn't an escort sweetheart,\" Dad saidnlooking at me. Glorianand Kevin both burst into laughter. \"Dad!nKevin is not an escort,\" I said rolling my eyes. \"Whatnare your intentions to my daughter?\" Bill asked. \"Inlove your daughter Sir, and I'm here to ask your permission tonmarry her,\" he said looking at dad before looking at me. \"That'snfine,\" Dad said before looking at me. \"Violet, what do younthink?\" \"Uh-\" AN:nSo will Violet say yes? Here is a preview of chapter three. \"Whatnare you doing here?\" Kevin asked the man. \"Inwas in New York and I thought I'd stop by and see how you were,\"nthe strange guy said. \"Who is that?\" he asked indicating in myndirection. Kevinnpulled me over to the strange guy. \"Violet,nmeet Jake Andrews, he's like a big brother to me. Jake, meet myngirlfriend Violet Stanford.\" \"Nicento meet you,\" he said looking me up and down with a suggestive looknon his face. AN:nGod, I have only started writing Kevin's brother and I already hatenhim. Hit the review button for the next chapter. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Coyote Ugly belongs to Jerry Bruckheimer and anyone else associated with the film. Any "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"The Coyotes Return","Author":"CoyoteChic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/675796","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the Coyote Ugly Bar or any of the Coyote t Ugly Characters! However, I do own the other people! Please Review, Flames are accepted as long as they are funny! Thanks! The Coyotes Return \"Whoa...what happened here?\" A young blonde, who looked to be about 17 years old, walked into what used to be the \"Coyote Ugly Bar\". \"Guys come here,\" the blonde said out loud. \"Ok, Tessa we're here, now what do you want us to do?!\" A dark haired girl looked to the blonde and gave her a cool calm look. This place is really screwed up...I wonder what happened here... Raven, the dark haired girl, thought to herself. \"Do you guys know what this used to be? My mom used to work here, so now she wants us to fix the place up, and she also wants us to run it...so guess what girls? We get to be Coyotes!\" Tessa Sanford said to Raven Harolds, Britney Brookes, and Exotica Reeves. \"A coyote?\" Britney raised her eyebrow as if to question what a coyote was. \"I thought a coyote was a stripper...you're not making us be strippers are you?\" Everyone burst out laughing. \"No, not a stripper! A coyote is a dancer. They dance on the bar and serve shots!\" Exotica explained. \"So, are you girls in or not?\" Tessa asked. \"Coyotes,\" they all said together. \"Ok, lets get started! My mom gave me her credit card to buy whatever we have to, to fix the bar up.\" Tessa said. \"My mom also, said if we need cash we can just ask her, because she has a lot of money from being a song writer.\" After 4 hours: The bar was all cleaned up, the tables and chairs were off the floor, the windows were fixed, the bar had all of its shot glasses and all of its bottles of alcohol. \"Girls, now we can go shopping for clothes since we bought all of the shot glasses and alcohol. We've also fixed the windows and we have a repair man coming to fix the sign. So lets get shopping for clothes.\" Tessa said. \"Ok...are you ready?\" Raven took a deep breath as she realized that in an hour they'd all be dancing on the bar and basically get raunchy with guys. I can do this...I can do this...if Tessa, Brit, and Exotica can do it, I can do it! she thought \"Ok..wow, how is there a big crowd for just opening today!\" Tessa shouted over the loud music as her and her friends were about to leave the restroom. My mom will be proud of us, we fixed the bar, and now we're all coyotes, plus we look sexy! Tessa thought. They all did look sexy. Tessa had her long blonde hair down, and she was wearing a blue belly shirt that showed her cleavage. Her pants was just a pair of black leather pants. Raven had a bright pink see through shirt on with a white bra underneath it, and she had on a pair of pink leather pants. Britney had on a short black and yellow shirt that barely covered her boobs and a jean mini skirt. Exotica was wearing a white top that said \"Bootylicious Babe\" and it showed her stomach. Her pants was a pair of really tight and really lowride jeans. Tessa jumped on the bar and grabbed a megaphone. \"Welcome to the brand new Coyote Ugly Bar. Some of you guys might have known my mother who worked here, Violet Sanford, also known as Jersey. Well, we are the brand new coyotes so I hope you like us. My name is Tessa. These are the other coyotes, Britney, Raven, and Exotica. Anyone wanna buy us a round of drinks?\" Everyone's hands shot up and people were shoving money in the coyotes faces. \"What'll it be sir?\" Raven asked a dark haired guy. \"10 shots of Jack Daniels and 3 shots of Whiskey,\" he said. \"Ok,\" Raven said confidently. \"Brit, throw me the Jack Daniels and Whiskey.\" Raven got the man's drinks and gave them to him. Tessa, Britney, and Raven got up on the bar to dance for the guys, while Exotica got the shots. \"Wow..Check it out!! We each made $235.00 tonight!\" Exotica said at the end of the night. \"Yeah, $235.00, but we had to give lap dances! We aren't even supposed to give lap dances!\" Tessa said annoyed. \" If the police find out that we're giving lap dances here, instead of just dancing and serving the customers we'll be shut down..and I don't want to get shut down, I mean look at all the cash!\" End of chapter one!!! Tell me what you think, and tell me what you think should happen next!! I will consider your ideals and possibly use them, but I will only continue if I get more good reviews then bad ones!! Thanks!![Chapter 2] A/N~ Chapter 2 is here!! !Yay!! Please R/R!! Thanks It was the next day and Britney, Raven, Exotica, and Tessa were all excited about their second night at the bar. \" I love being a Coyote..it rocks..I mean we get to google the guys, dance, and serve drinks!\" Exotica sighed as she was very relaxed now that she knew staying in New York for the summer was going to be ok. \" You guys..I think we need one more Coyote, because what are we going to do at the end of the summer when I go back home to California? I won't be able to be a Coyote and you guys will probably be to busy to hold a coyote tryout then, so how about we just hire another coyote now. Tessa, your mom has enough money to pay one more coyote doesn't she?\" Exotica said again. All the girls exchanged looks. \"Hire another Coyote? You mean like hold a tryout or something? My mom will pay another Coyote, because we were just talking about it last night and she said that we should hire another coyote too.\" Tessa said to everyone. \"So what do you guys think?\" \" I like the idea,\" they all said in unison. \" I have an awesome idea!\" Raven jumped up with excitement. \" How about we post signs all over town with our number on them and when people call we can book them to a certain night and every night for 2 weeks we will have a different coyote and then we can choose who we want to be our coyote!\" she said. \"Ok! I can make the signs and post them all over town, Tessa can book them since her mom pays for everything, and Raven and Exotica can go shopping for some more clothes,\" Britney was already getting to work on Tessa's computer and printer since everyone was over at Tessa's house. Week 1-Night 1: \"Ok, Hello ladies and gentlemen, us coyotes are looking for a new coyote, because Exotica here is going to be leaving at the end of summer, but don't worry she'll be back next summer, so we'll be having new coyote wannabes here for 2 weeks and tonight is the first night, so lets welcome our first wannabe, Lace Reynolds from New York, New York. If we like her the best out of everyone we see she'll become a full fledged Coyote!\" Tessa screamed through the megaphone. \"Whooo!!\" \"Wow!\" \"Come on hot stuff!\" Everyone was yelling at Lace. Lace was an excellent dancer and an excellent bar tender. She had long pale blonde hair and she was tall and slender. \"Hey there Lace, can you get me 8 shots of wild turkey and make it fast!\" Britney was yelling at Lace. \"I got it!\" Lace yelled as she lined up 8 shot glasses and threw the bottle of wild turkey up and then caught it and poured the shots right in a line. Then, she slid the shot glasses to the customer who ordered them. \"Damn...she's awesome!!\" Exotica said. \"Yeah, she's awesome, but will she give lap dances if she has too?\" Tessa asked. \"Nevermind about my question, we shouldn't give anymore lap dances anyway.\" \"Can I have a water with ice?\" a dark haired guy asked Tessa as she was dancing on the bar to the song, \"I'm a Slave for You\". Everyone jumped off the bar and Raven grabbed the megaphone. \"Hey everyone, you know how before this bar was ruined the coyotes didn't serve water? Well, we still don't serve water and this guy just ordered some, so do we serve water?\" While Raven was getting the crowd all rallied up the other coyotes and Lace grabbed hoses that shoot different kinds of alcohol. They gave each other nervous looks. \"Well, you guys asked for it....and especially you Mr I want water!\" Britney smiled sarcastically and began squirting alcohol directly at the guy who ordered water, while the other coyotes, including Lace, shot alcohol at the other customers. \"Excuse me, I believe spraying customers with alcohol is illegal, so I'm going to have to shut you and this bar of yours down,\" the guy who ordered water and the 3 guys sitting next to him said. \"What!?\" Tessa shouted. Then, she grabbed the megaphone, \"Ok, everyone out, we're closing early due to some technical difficulty.\" Everyone groaned, but they started to clear out. \"What about Lace?\" Exotica asked. \"Tell her she's hired!\" Tessa said real quick. Then, Exotica went and told Lace that she was hired. \"Ok, now what were you saying?\" all the coyotes gathered around the bar as Tessa asked the 4 guys why they were wanting to shut the bar down. \"I was saying that we're shutting your bar down, because you were spraying alcohol at the customers and that's illegal, another reason I'm shutting you down is, because you guys are all underage, you should be atleast 21 to work at a bar like this or atleast have one person who is not underage work here with you-\" the dark haired guy was cut off by Lace. \"I'm 22, so I'm old enough and you said that as long as theres one person who is not underage to work here with the others it was ok, so you can't shut us down, because of that!\" she played with her blonde hair. \"Ok, anyway as I was saying, I'm also shutting you down, because you guys aren't doing what you are supposed to be doing. You are not supposed to give lap dances are you? No! All you are supposed to do is serve drinks and dance on the bar. You have 3 days to pay your fine which is, 6,000 dollars or you will be shut down, because we are the official police officers of bars.\" the dark haired guy smirked, and then him and his little posse walked out. \"What the hell was that all about!?!?\" Suddenly everyone was pissed. \"We can't let the bar get shut down, we have to raise 6 thousand dollars,\" Raven said, \"What about your mom?\" \"I can't get money from my mom, because then I would have to tell her about the lap dances and then she would make us shut the bar down, so thats out of the question.\" Tessa said. \"Well I might know away, he might be able to help,\" Lace said quietly to herself. End of Chapter 2! What do you think of it? Please Read and Review!! What should happen next?!? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the Coyote Ugly Bar or any of the Coyote t Ugly Characters! Ho"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Forewarned","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11821799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy had just started to explain to Queenan that he could get no more advance info about Costello's drug orders when his phone rang. Much as he wanted to ignore it, that would be unwise if it was anything to do with Costello's increasingly demented want's. The message that came over the phone stunned him. Billy grabbed Queenan and said \"Run, the gang know we're here\". Once in the lift, Billy hit the button for the second floor, \"Costello put a tail on you ... unless The Mole did. We go out by the back - they could be here anytime\". \"Only a Staff Sergeant or higher can do that, officially\" Queenan replied, horrified by the implications. Once at the second floor Billy sent the lift back up to the 6th floor and they went out by the fire exit, which he slammed shut after a brief look around. It took some time for them to work their way around the building and as they emerged onto the street, Billy could see a car just in front of the entrance, with a car plate that he recognised. Carefully moving forward he saw the last of the gang heading into the tower. Billy said \"Run\", and they both bolted across the street and down the nearest connecting road. The surveillance cops watching the entrance from their car down the street were just digesting Sullivan's command that they stay in place when they saw Billy and Queenan bolt like terrified rabbits across the road. They could see that Queenan was in trouble, and reported into Control that Costegan and Queenan had fled the site.[Chapter 2] Back at SIU surveillance Control, three parties were not slow at guessing what had just happened : Sullivan, who now launched into damage relief overdrive to protect his own neck. Barrigan, who realised that Sullivan could be \"The Mole\", no wonder he had been able to help him so much to become a detective; did Sullivan know about Costello's FBI double dealing? Dignam, who after watching the start of Sullivan's damage relief overdrive overcame his professional secretiveness, grabbed Ellerby and said \"A Word In Private, NOW\". Sullivan's damage relief consisted of confusing the issue. He ordered two operatives to shadow Billy and Queenan, while the other two were to stay in the car and monitor the gang. Sullivan now needed time to think. He made the excuse of seeing Ellerby. Good thing that Ellerby was now in an office getting the raw end of Dignam's tongue. It gave Sullivan the chance to text Costello with \"Q left B with B.C\". Sullivan would also have liked to add \"KILL THEM\", but the danger was too great since he was dependent on the police tails to get at them and any killing would be in \"full view\". Chances were that more than just Dignum would put two and two together. Best to get out of this with fast talking and try and save the Queenan's life, whatever Queenan might reveal. Dignum had been filling Ellerby in with \"The Facts of Life\" as far as Billy was concerned, as well as with what he thought about Sullivan wrecking the undercover operation. He demanded that they both needed protecting and Sullivan should be dissected, though there was no chance of Ellerby agreeing to his \"Teacher's Pet\" even being suspended. However, when Ellerby emerged he brushed Sulivan aside and went to the control desk to give orders.[Chapter 3] Billy had led Queenan down two streets and then stopped in a alcove from where they could still survey the street. Billy said \"Whoever was tailing you could have seen me, and might identify me later. And anyway, I can't get any more info. Costello does not trust anyone now, we only get consignment info on the day. He's going crazy, he will do anything now. I can tell, he suspects that ...\". Billy had been going to say that he thought that Costello suspected him of wanting to take over, but that instead of killing him might just use the Feds to get rid of him. \"Run!\" Billy shouted. Two streets later and Billy stopped to explain and have a think. \"There were two guys and one looked familiar, he got on the subway car in too much of a hurry. Follow me\". Another two streets later and they had entered a maze of abandoned buildings. Now Queenan had clearly seen the two guys in pursuit. Eventually they found a place to stop for a short rest. Queenan said, quietly, \"They must have tracked us from the building. They look familiar which means that they may be surveillance cops. This means big trouble; there's now no way to extract you cleanly\". \"So what?\" Billy replied \"OK, maybe it's messy, but if we just walk into the SIU my file will speak for us\". \"And so will Dignum, it's just messy and could cause all kinds of real trouble. Ok lets go\". \"With care\" said Billy enigmatically. They exited the area but Billy kept to the old tenement area. Finally Billy said \"We need to be careful even if we have lost them. We don't know what resources Costello or the Mole are using. We should try and avoid any surveillance cameras\". Queenan agreed, \"Yes, and if the Mole is a Staff Sergeant he could easily access them. I have never realised how wide open we could be to the abuse of police resources\". Billy was right about the cameras. Ellerby had given orders that the surveillance cops contact Queenan to assure him that things were ok, and to tail Billy but avoid contact. So when contact with Billy and Queenan was lost Ellerby gave general orders for Queenan and Billy to be located; this involved the surveillance camera system.[Chapter 4] Eventually Billy and Queenan reached a Shopping district quite far from the SIU. There was now no way they could proceed and avoid risking police or camera surveillance. Queenan tried to phone Dignum, but got no connection. Now Queenan began fretting about what was really going on and if Billy had been seen and could still be extracted. Billy decided to test the water and phone the crook who had originally contacted him. The phone connected but Billy was in for another shock. Billy said that he could not get to the site yet because of traffic. The reply was that it was the wrong site, and so Billy had blown his cover. However, having once been an informer himself he would not tell on Billy, not that it made amy difference; they had been ordered to bring Billy to Costello : Billy should run. Billy told Queenan, \"Costello wants them to find me, it's over\". Billy guessed that the crook might have been an FBI informant, and served as a link between Costello and the Feds. But that possible way to take down Costello was something for later. They had to avoid being recognised. \"We should change our clothing, at least get hats\" Billy said, and then lead Queenan, hidden by a throng of people, into a store. Half an hour later they left through the back. They now looked like travelling business men, Billy was in a shiny three piece business suit, while Queenan had a new, and expensive, business jacket. Both now wore hats and carried rather large executive hold-alls, containing their old cloths. As they approached the plaza in front of the SIU Queenan said, \"We don't need to go in by the front. There are other ways in that only we use, and in one case we can still avoid the cameras\". Sneaking around the plaza they got in by a nondescript back entrance that should have had a guard on duty and headed up the stairs. Everybody was shocked when Queenan and Billy appeared heading for Ellerby's office. Once inside, it did not take Ellerby, Dignum ... and Sullivan long to appear. Once the mutual recriminations had subsided Billy, Queenan and Dignum went to Queenan's office. Billy was now under Police Protection, his true status still hidden except from Ellerby, while Queenan was suspended. But Queenan needed to show them the photos of FBI Supervisor Morris and FBI Operative Connolly doing business with Costello. They also discussed Sullivan. While Dignum was certain that Sullivan was the Mole, Billy wondered if Costello could have set the rumour of Queenan being a mole going while someone else whispered in Sullivan's ear to tail Queenan. After all, it was risky for The Mole to be in charge of tailing Queenan; Dignum could buy that. Billy suggested that it could do no harm to use the FBI to investigate the people in Sullivan's unit and see what garbage was flushed out. Then there was also the possibility of an FBI, or ex FBI, informant being in Costello's gang.[Chapter 5] That evening after Sullivan phoned in, Costello was thinking that he could use his FBI contacts to get at Billy, costly and messy but effective. But could Billy be more than a lousy informant - even a cop? The more Costello thought about it the more it looked like he had been played; could he find out more and be sure? Costello's only other problem was going to be, was it worth saving Sullivan or sacrificing Barragan if the worst came to the worst when they were put under a microscope. A month went by and there was no sign from either the FBI or Queenan's surveillance on Costello, that Costello was going after Billy through the Fed's. Neither had the Fed's revealed anything to the SIU about Sullivan, Barrigan or Brown. Not that Billy thought that Brown could be corrupt, quite apart from Billy's gut feelings, Brown was just not the type to get recruited by Costello. But ethnically, and where they were from in Boston, Sullivan and Barrigan definitely were. And how had they both risen so fast in the SIU? Billy suspected that Sullivan could have helped both. Now back at work, Queenan decided to implement a new ploy ; Billy was going to \"leave\" the SIU and join the FBI. Well, at least working for the FBI Billy would not be spending (much) time in jail and would have the cash both to rent a secret spare apartment and buy a decent and even more secret out of town home were he could meet up with Queenan. With Billy secretly accessing confidential FBI details, And Costello had no idea what trouble giving info to Connolly and Morris was eventually going to cause him. ","Summary":" Billy had just started to explain to Queenan that he could get no more advance info about Costello'"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"The New Guy","Author":"Dark818","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7869370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lil hoisted another box of beers onto the pile. She'd been needing to order more boxes, there were so many patrons these days. she was thinking of hiring another girl. Rachael and Carrie were gold as always, but the new girl just couldn't cut it. She didn't have that knack that Jersey had. Christ, Lil couldn't even remember her name, she was gone that quick. A voice from upstairs interrupted her thoughts. \"Hey, there anybody down there?\" The voice was male, young, with an Australian accent. \"Depends on what you want.\" \"I'm looking for the owner of Coyote Ugly.\" \"Bring a case of beers down with you.\" Moments later, a man walked down the stairs, a box of beers under each arm. He was tall, a dirty blonde, and in excellent shape. \"Are you Lil?\" \"Yeah.\" The man both of the boxes so he was holding them under one arm, and held out his hand. \"I'm Jack. I hear you're hiring.\" Lil took one of the boxes, and placed it on the pile. \"Thanks, but I've already got a bouncer, and I'm pretty sure Lou's not planning on going anywhere.\" Jack placed the other box on the pile. \"I'm not a bouncer. I'm a barman.\" \"A barman? Honey, in case you haven't realised, I only hire bar women .\" \"And in case you haven't realised, a lot more of your patrons these days don't have a Y chromosone. Besides, I was told by a friend that I was perfect for the job.\" This was something Lil hadn't heard before. most people who were came for a job needed the money, not because they wanted to. \"So who's this friend?\" \"He said you knew him. His name is Kevin O'Donell.\" Yeah, Lil remembered him. He was Jersey's squeeze. Cammie told her that they'd gotten married, moved to Florida. Though she'd never admit it to anyone, Lil thought he was sexy, even had a bit of a crush on him for a while. And after seeing the moves Kevin had pulled on the bar, if he said this guy was perfect for the job, he must be pretty darn good. Lil looked him up and down. He seemed fit enough, at least. \"Alright, I'll give you a chance. Be here Friday night at nine. that's when we open.\" Jack grinned. \"I'll be there at eight. Help you open up.\" Lil smirked. He was enthusiastic, she had to give him that.[Chapter 2] Carrie flipped the lids off a line of beers. \"That's twenty-eight bucks, honey.\" She glanced around at the others. Rachael was on the bar, dancing to an old Guns N' Roses song, and Lil was talking to a guy over the bar. Cammie had to admit, he was cute, and after her permanent break-up with Al, she felt she could use someone to squeeze. Then again, judging by the muscles bulging under his shirt, maybe he'd be squeezing her , she thought naughtily. As she started undressing him with her eyes, Lil pulled out the bullhorn. \"Hey, everybody listen up! I've got a treat for you. A new bartender!\" All the man in the bar cheered, waiting for another tight-bodied girl to start dancing. \"But this one's, uh, a little different. Since I opened this bar, I've had dozens of girls come in here, and I'm sure you've enjoyed them all!\" The crowd cheered again. \"Well, this one not exactly for you. This one's for the girls. Gentlemen, and more importantly, ladies, hailing from the dry deserts of Australia, let's hear it for Outback Jack!\" the man shocked Cammie by jumping onto the bar and smiling broadly. The crowd still cheered, but she could hear a lot more women screaming then men. Cammie watched as Outback Jack strutted along the bar, throwing moves in every now and then. Well, Cammie thought, he's got style. Jack pulled a woman up onto the bar and started grinding against her, and the women in the bar screamed even louder. Lil came over and poured shots next to her. \"Hey, Cammie.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I'm going to have to make a new rule. No dating co-workers.\" Cammie smiled, but felt just the tiniest bit disappointed. Sill, she couldn't help it if she accidentally rubbed up against him while they were dancing, could she?[Chapter 3] Rachael grabbed another another cluster of empty beer bottles and tossed them in the trash can. To tell the truth, she really didn't like the new guy. She prided herself on being the manliest of the group, even beating Lou in arm wrestles. But after Jack had hoisted a woman over his head, much to the excitement of the crowd, Rachael felt almost a little deflated. Besides, the guy was a suck-up, volunteering to help Lil mop the floor once the bar had closed. No one ever wanted to do that job. Who knows what had been spilt on there. Rachael came back to reality to realise Jack was saying something. \"Rachael? Hey, you all right?\" Rachael shook her head a little and gave him a stare that made grown men cower. Jack didn't even blink. \"I'm fine. Why, What's it to you?\" Jack shrugged. \"Nothing. You just had this look on your face, like you've gone ten rounds with a boomer.\" Cammie stood up from behind the counter, curious. \"What's a boomer?\" \"A boomer's a male kangaroo, a big one. Toughest fighters I've ever seen. You get both barrels of their legs, and you're done. The claws on their feet will rip you right open.\" \"Oh\" Rachael had seen that look in Cammie's eyes before, whenever she was absolutely smitten by a guy. Rachael snorted. Jack glanced over at her. \"What?\" \"You. Acting like such a tough guy.\" \"I was only answering her question. Besides, I'm not really even that tough.\" \"Could've fooled me.\" Rachael winced as soon as she said it. Why'd she say that? It made her sound like she liked this guy. Jack grinned. \"Thanks, Rachael.\" \"That wasn't a compliment. I hate guys who pretend to be tough.\" Jack made to reply, but Cammie called him over and whispered something in his ear. Jack's eyebrows rose. \"Is that so?\" he turned to face Rachael again. \"Cammie tells me you're the undisputed arm wrestling champion of the bar.\" \"Yeah, so?\" \"Well, you're not the undisputed champion if you haven't beat me, are you?\" Rachael strode over to the bar and thumped her arm on it. \"Alright, let's do this.\" \"Hold on, let's say the loser has to buy the winner a beer.\" \"Fine.\" \"Excellent.\" Jack placed his arm on the bar and took hold of Rachael's hand. \"Ready? Go.\" Rachael pushed on his hand with all her strength, but it didn't budge. She kept pushing, but his hand still didn't move an inch. Rachael glanced up at Jack's face to see him grinning broadly. The bastard was toying with her. He wasn't even trying to win, just keep their hands in the same spot. Eventually, he pushed, and the back of Rachael's hand slammed into the bar. Jack started laughing. Rachael glared at him. \"What's so damn funny, huh?\" \"Oh, just the look on your face when you realised you'd lost!\" Rachael swore at him and stood up. Jack stopped laughing, but the smile stayed on his face. \"Hey, calm down. That was one of the best arm wrestles I've ever had! Come on, let's have a beer. I'll pay.\" Rachael scowled, but sat back down. \"I thought I was supposed to pay.\" \"Nah, it's alright. I've got it. Cheers.\" He held up his beer and Rachael begrudgingly clinked hers against it. He's still a suck-up, she thought. ","Summary":" Lil hoisted another box of beers onto the pile. She'd been needing to order more boxes, there were "},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"When Your Dreams Come True","Author":"Hello Kitty Speedboat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1217934","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When your Dreams Come True Disclaimer: I don't own Coyote Ugly sadly enough……and I definitely don't the characters in the movie….*tears* A/N: All of Violet's dreams have come true and she is now a top chart singer with who has everything except on thing, Kevin. Kevin is gone, maybe in Chicago. Now years after that Violet is alone and her music career is going don the drain. Her father has passed and her best friend is in Alabama….who will she have now. There is no where to turn to or some one. Violet has to make the hardest decision in her life, life or death. *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Chapter one: I turn to you Strong hands enclosed Violet's waist. The had a firm grip on her and were slowly pulling her backwards and into some one's arms, Kevin's arms. Violet turned her head to look back at the playful Australian boy that had a hold of her and she kissed him softly. Kevin turned her around and looked deep into the singer's bright blue eyes. Violet felt over powered by her love for him and found it quite impossible to move. Kevin took her hand and led her to the bed and pulled her down onto the soft mattress. He stroked her hair and kissed her again as Violet let all her emotions flow through out her like a river was flooding her veins. Kevin laid down on his side and placed his head on the pillow and Violet laid down next to him. Kevin replaced his arm around her waist and pulled her close to him. He embraced her and kissed her neck some softly as if he might hurt her. Violet carefully removed Kevin's blue t-shirt and cuddled into his chest. Kevin held her lovingly and kissed her head. Violet smiled to herself and closed her eyes, this was the life she wanted to live. She had found her one and only someone and she was quite content. She knew that she would be spending the rest of her life with him. Kevin felt Violet's body shiver and so he pulled her closer to him. Violet breathed in heavily and felt Kevin's love fore her. He had cared about her so much. He had cured her of her ridiculous case of stage fright and even got Violet to actually sin her songs. She was now a famous singer and not just a songwriter, all because of Kevin. Violet opened her eyes and turned to look at Kevin, he had fallen asleep. He looked so loving and sweet, she was so overwhelmed by him and his love. So, she got up from her bed, careful not to wake Kevin, and walked over to her guitar. She quietly picked it up and headed up towards the roof the apartment complex. Violet sat down on the ground and looked up at the sky. She closed her eyes and thought sweetly of Kevin. She opened her eyes once more and began to strum on her guitar. The notes just poured out of her hands and into the guitar making beautiful music. When I'm lost in the rain In your eyes I know I'll find the light to light my way And when I'm scared and losing ground When my world is going crazy, you can turn it all around And when I'm down you're there; pushing me to the top You're always there; giving me all you've got For a shield from the storm; For a friend; for a love To keep me safe and warm, I turn to you. For the strength to be strong For the will to carry on For everything you do For everything that's true, I turn to you When I lose my will to win, I just reach for you and I can reach the sky again. I can do anything, ' Cause your love is so amazing; ' cause your love inspires me. And when I need a friend, you're always on my side; Giving me faith that gets me through the night. For a shield from the storm For a friend; for a love To keep me safe and warm I turn to you. For the strength to be strong For the will to carry on For everything you do For everything that's true, I turn to you. For the arms to be my shelter through all the rain; For truth that will never change; For someone to lean on; for a heart I can rely on through anything; For that one who I can run to.... I turn to you. For a shield from the storm; For a friend; for a love To keep me safe and warm, I turn to you. For the strength to be strong; For the will to carry on; For everything you do; For everything that's true, I turn to you. For a shield from the storm; For a friend; for a love To keep me safe and warm, I turn to you. For the strength to be strong; For the will to carry on; For everything you do; For everything that's true For everything you do; For everything that's true, I turn to you Violet let out a final strum on her guitar and set it down. She smiled to herself and got up from her seat. Violet turned back to the stairway that led downstairs. She breathed in heavily and looked up at the starry sky one last time, she then smiled as she opened the door back downstairs. Violet got to her door, eager to get back to Kevin, and turned the knob. She quietly placed her guitar back on the floor and got ready for bed. She let her hair fall down her back, into a massive swing of a sunshine. She pulled off her top and blue jeans and replaced them with one of Kevin's white shirts. Violet slipped into bed right next to Kevin and laid on his chest. She put her hand on his hands and felt his chest expand….in and out…in and out….in and out…..in and out…..in…and…out as violet silently slipped into sleep.[Chapter 2] Chapter two: Beating the Rush hour BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP! The noise of the alarm clock impounded Violet's aching head. She sat up in bed and made a desperate attempt to hold her head and stop it from hurting. But, that was of no use what so ever. She breathed in slowly and allowed her body to freeze up, at least until she had gotten to the shower. Violet turned on the water and let the hot water run, causing steam to rise and make a delicate blanket over the mirror opposite the shower stall. She was barely awake and incompetent to think about anything but the warm shower that was awaiting her cool skin. Violet removed her clothing and placed one foot into the pocket of warmth. The water hit her skin and instantly freed her foot from the freezing world around it. She then proceeded with the rest of her penetrating body. When her body was fully into the shower, she began caressing herself, scrubbing every area clean. The shower even started to wake her up and make her start thinking straight once more. But, now it wasn't the shower that was only in her mind. Now, an intruder had entered deep into her thoughts. Kevin had entered her thoughts. She knew she had a dream about him the past night and until now she had never realized how she felt without him. She longed for him whenever she felt nervous or alone. Sometimes she couldn't over come how stupid she had been to break up with him only because she knew she would be traveling a lot around the globe. She grabbed a pink blouse and place id out her slender body and also put on her white wash jeans. She walked to the mirror and looked deep into the eyes of the person that was staring back at her. How pathetic she looked. Sometimes she hated herself. She hated her hair, her skin, her body, her career….everything. Now that Kevin had been gone, what was the point in her existence. Maybe she should end it right now……. NO! I've got a great career…why should I ruin that?? But still Violet wondered why she was still living if she was going through all this. She pulled her blonde hair back into a tight pony tail and relaxed her arms back in front of the mirror. She turned away and proceeded downstairs. She grabbed a banana and went through the front door. Her tour mates were already there waiting for her. Violet climbed into the back of the van with her back up singers. \"Hey guys!\" Violet said, trying to hide her feelings most desperately. \"Hey Vi!\" A small brown haired girl replied. Her name was Michelle. Violet settled into her bunk, of her tour van, directly above Michelle's. She pulled out a picture of Kevin and put it on her bed. She smiled and walked away. Michelle's curiosity soon got the best of her. She got up and looked at the picture, at the face all to familiar. Violet walked up to the table that was occupied on one side by her producer, Freddy. \"How is my sunshine this morning?\" Freddy asked, ever so happily. \"Uh, not to good,\" Violet replied. Freddy, a rather obese man with a red beard, dropped his paper work and too off his round glasses. \"Uh oh, what's wrong?\" Violet looked up at him. \"Uh, I guess I'm just home sick,\" Violet replied suddenly. \"But we just left-\" Freddy began with a slight chuckle. \"No, I mean my best friend and……Coyote Ugly,\" Violet replied, a little ashamed, because no one that knew her now really liked that place. \"Oh, Darling! Forget that place! It only made you feel trashy and between you and me….it didn't really serve good beer!\" Freddy chuckled. Violet let a small smile escape from her. She got up and stuffed her hands in her pocket. Obviously, Freddy wasn't the one to talk to. Violet steadily walked back into her bunk and got out her diary. March 31, 2003 Dear Diary, I am feeling pretty low today and you seem to be the only thing that can understand how I am feeling right now. I'm thinking about ending my life, I just have nothing to live for anymore! I mean, I just feel like I can't live in this hell hole any longer and on top of that, Kevin is gone. I just don't know what to do………… Violet stopped there. She didn't want to go on. She hated this so much. She had now come upon the decision of actually proceeding with ending her life. This, however, was going to have to be planned perfectly. The right place, the right time, the right day……Violet turned on her bed. Oh, how she wished Kevin was there with her at that moment. But, he wasn't, no one was. Michelle trided into the room at that moment. \"Hey, Vi, what's wrong?\" Michelle came over to her bunk and put her head by Violet's. \"Ah, nothing Michelle. Just a little sad, that's all,\" \"About Kevin?\" Michelle asked curiously. Violet perked up. She had never mentioned Kevin to Michelle, or anybody, on the tour. \"Kevin?!?!\" \"Yea, you know, Smith. Kevin Smith?\" Michelle replied. \"H…ho…..how do you know Kevin?\" Michelle looked at the floor. \"Um, well, uh, he is just a friend of the family. I saw his picture on your bed and immediately recognized him. Is he an old boyfriend?\" \"huh, no! Oh, no, we were just friends, just friends…\" \"Uh huh….sure…\" \"Seriously, Michelle!\" \"Well, anyway, Freddy says he wants to make a special stop.\" \"Why? Where?\" \"Oh, you'll see! You're going to love it!\" Violet got really excited. She rushed to the front of the van and waited until they got there. Violet took no time to dawdle when they pulled up in front of an old run-down building with a neon sign. _____________________________________________________________________________ A/N: Sorry if you think this chapter kind of sucked because I have horrible case of writers block!! I'll make it up to you in the following chapters of this story!! I Promise!!![Chapter 3] Chapter Three: BIG Surprise A/N: Sorry about the delay, I just couldn't come up with anything to write cause personally, this story seems like it's not that good to me, but as long as you guys like it!! I'm desperately trying to come up with how this story is trying to come along. Any help or tips for me?? It would help me a lot!! Also, I think some of you got the idea that I wrote the song in the first chapter, but I didn't. It's by Christina Aguilera (sp? I can never spell her name) sorry about that confusion!! Violet slipped through the chained doors. The Coyote Ugly was now growing old and barren. Dust covered the walls and floor. She had had so many wonderful memories here. Like singing to the costumers and auctioning off Kevin. Violet jumped as an abandoned glass slipped off the counter and crashed to the floor. Violet glided behind the counter and picked up the glass shards. She was bent on the floor as a picture of her and the former coyotes caught her eye. She held the picture in her hand and sighed. They were her best friends, if only she could see them just once more. Violet tucked the picture back where she had found it and stood up. She dropped the shards in the trash and turned to head out the door, when the jukebox to her right, slightly shook. Her head jerked to investigate for a moment, but as she shook it off and began to head out again, it began to play. Under a lovers' sky Gonna be with you Violet smiled to herself and remembered the night she had been at the bar and Leanne Rimes had sung her song. She also remembered the night she had first performed it, how nervous she was, and how Kevin had helped her through that. And no one's gonna be around If you think that you won't fall Well just wait until Violet found her will uncontrollable. Without hesitation, she climbed on top of the bar and began singing to the song, using a pretend microphone. Till the sun goes down Underneath the starlight - starlight There's a magical feeling - so right It'll steal your heart tonight You can try to resist Try to hide from my kiss But you know But you know that you can't fight the moonlight Deep in the dark You'll surrender your heart But you know But you know that you can't fight the moonlight No, you can't fight it It's gonna get to your heart Violet beamed at her imaginary crowd. She could hear the applause in her head. Though, she was unaware of the actual audience she DID have. Applause echoed throughout the bar. A slender blonde appeared suddenly before her. \"Lil?\" Violet asked stunned and excited. \"Jersey! Welcome home!\" Lil exclaimed excitedly. Violet jogged over to Lil and the two embraced. \"That was quite the performance,\" Violet smiled and hugged Lil once more. \"It's so good to see you Lil,\" \"Hey, any room for me?\" Cammie suddenly appeared behind the two. \"Cammy!\" Violet let go of Lil and now embraced Cammie. She was soon followed by Rachel, Zoë, and Daisy [A/N: I named the girl Daisy, the new girl at the end of the movie] All got embraced by Violet, even Rachel. \"Violet, how are you doing? We've seen you on TV…looking good girl!\" Cammie said, pulling Violet behind the bar. \"Who arranged this?\" Violet asked breathlessly. \"Uh, your friend….Marcel…is that her name?\" Cammie wondered aloud while pouring all the girls shots of vodka. \"Michelle,\" Violet corrected as Rachel flipped the song to \"Machine Head\" by Bush. Rachel climbed on the bar. \"Come on, girls! Old time's sake!\" Rachel yelled. Zoë, Cammie, and Daisy hopped on the bar and began to dance. Violet laughed and then, she too, climbed on the bar. Then, someone else entered the bar…. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Oh, that chapter was much better than the last!! Maybe this story isn't so bad!! Please review!! Thanks a whole bunch to me reviewers!! Love ya!! And, I'll try to update more often!! ","Summary":" When your Dreams Come True Disclaimer: I don't own Coyote Ugly sadly enough……and I definitely don't"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Gone Deeper than That","Author":"Dancing Dove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1370582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note regarding copyright laws:nAll characters belonging to Cayote Ugly in this story remain the originalncreation of the movie 'Cayote Ugly' and its registered authors/film makers,netc. Elizabeth Asbennis an original character and therefore please do not use her unlessnapproved by me. Note regarding location:nLiz's home is an original location. NYC is not but the streets might not benreal since I'm not familiar with New York.nMore blabbing from me, the author: This was one of those stories where I got inspired while doing homeworkn(ack!) and just have to write it down so I can finish my lit review fornsome important test the next day. Sigh, one day I'll learn how not to bendistracted, but before that happens, here's the story ( . I was gonna usenan original setting for this. but that appeared too stressful for my catnsince she pounced on me when the idea came through. so, here ya go (. Flatnfaced kittens are very pouncey. Gone Deeper than ThatnChp1. Savior at the Bar Elizabeth Asben was your everyday 19-year-old, raw to the outsidenworld of which she is dying to see. Liz lived in the outer skirts of whatnsome body could call their dream city; NYC. I guess you could call her lifena dream, and it probably is one. A little above average height, Liz was andelicate mix of black curls and slightly tanned skin. Her eyes were green,nlarge and innocent. Elizabeth was healthily slim, but not overly skinny.nGot a picture of her in your head now? Good, now let the story begin. The morning shone bright and colorful, bringing a heat of optimismnand adventure into the household on Wenyard Avenue. It was a small house,nbarely larger than a garage, but it fit into the loose and dirty settingnthat was close to the Big Apple and yet very different from it. It might bencalled a household, but it barely was one. My friend and I were the onlynpeople who lived here. She was a year younger than I am; 18 to be exact,nand a beautiful brunette for that matter. Erin had those incredible browsnthat needed no grooming, deep set, blue eyes and freckled skin, pale with answeet blush. She was your typical hardworking, determined gal who focusednher entire life energy on achieving some major goal. I, however, amncompletely different. First of all, Erin and I met when her former friendsnhad dragged her to a wild party 30 minute drive into New York City. She hadnfreaked out when she found out there were drugs, alcohol there and a dozennpeople making out. However, when her friends refused to let her leave, Inhad managed to drag her outside when her friends got pretty drunk and drovenher home. Erin and I had that trust between us that kept our friendshipngoing until now, over weighing our complete different interests. Speakingnof interests, Erin absolutely loved literature. She plans to go to a famousnuniversity and become a professor in literature. She was into the actualnwriting, not the poetry, for which I was thankful. Me, however, I plan tonbecome a musician. I play the guitar, piano, and I sing. I had plannednforever to move to into the NYC when I was 19, and now that the age hadnfinally caught up with my dream, my future seemed to shine with brilliance,nas the day was too. It was around noon that I finally finished packing. My personalnbelongings didn't take much room, but my instruments did. Erin stood by thensteps of our house, her face looked plain miserable. \"Do you have to leave?\" She said in her round, pearly sort of voice. \"I'm sorry Erin,\" I apologized again, \"You know it's been a dream ofnmine forever.\" \"Well, just stay away from those bars,\" Erin absolutely despisedndrinking. I didn't say anything back to her about bars, \"I'll visit everynweekend, I promise.\" Erin nodded, and she saw me off as I climbed into my car and drovenoff. NYC was in a distance that took less than 30 minutes to cover. The bigncity was a familiar scene to me, but it was nonetheless amazing. I hadncalled in advance to rent an apartment near a restaurant and some musicnbuildings I thought I would most likely visit. When I had my first look atnmy apartment, my first dream image about my new home disappeared. The placenwas hectic. The bathrooms were yellow from age, and the windows didn'tnclose properly. The floors creaked and the mirror and a slit down the rightnedge. Everything but the bed has some sort of disfiguring, but like thenowner said, it was as good as you can get here in NYC for a cheap rent.nWhen I get a proper job, I'll move to somewhere better, I promised myself. I left my stuff in the apartment, and eagerly left the building,nlocking my rooms behind. I had planned to perform this night at a clubnwhere my friend Dean, a drummer, had arranged for my appearance. It was anplace where the musicians went to in order to find new talents in singers,nplayers, and songwriters. It was where I planned to make my beginning innthe music world. It was six o' clock when I finished rehearsing with the band Deannarranged for me in the studio. My friend was impressed, and so was thenband. We had planned to go out for dinner when an emergency rehearsal wasnin order and Dean had to sit to listen as the band had to play. \"I'm really sorry,\" Dean apologized with a helpless smile. \"That's alright, Dean,\" I told him, smiling. \"I know my way aroundnhere, it's not like I'm exactly new.\" Dean gave me a hug for good luck tonight in my performance, and henwas gone. When I left the building, a restaurant across from the studiosncaught my eye. It was close to the club I had to perform in, and the foodnsmelled great from where I stood. My feet moved slightly faster as I walkedntowards the restaurant, the wonderful sensation of food already on myntongue. But before food came anywhere near me, someone else did. A largenman walking out of the restaurant grabbed my by the arm. He held on sontight that I screamed out in pain. Nobody seemed to have noticed before hentook a sharp turn into a dark alley. Then he sprayed something near mynmouth, and I lost my consciousness. It was several hours into the dark when I woke up in the back of somenbar. A man looked down at me, but he wasn't the large man whom I hadnremembered last. He had dark hair, and large, mocking eyes. The man sighednin relief when I opened my eyes. \"Finally, I was beginning to think that drug did some extra on you,\"nhis Australian accent was quite visible now that he's spoken. \"Um, where am I?\" I asked, and then more urgently, \"and what time isnit?\" \"You're at the Coyote Ugly, a bar,\" he replied, and then looked downnat his watch, \"and it's 10:36, to be exact.\" I sat up and stared at him in disbelief. \"What?\" the man said, his eyes dancing innocently. I sighed helplessly, \"I missed my audition in the musicians' Club.\" The man now had this look of pity on him, \"I'm so sorry, but thinknabout the good side, you're not sold to some whore house, which you couldnbe.\" \"Does that actually happen?\" I asked. \"I don't know, but it could,\" the man replied. \"Anyway, what's yournname?\" \"Liz, your's?\" \"Kevin.\" I nodded and smiled. Then a blonde woman came in, she lookednrelatively my age. The woman wore a ripped white shirt, and hip huggingnleather pants. She had dark make up on and her skin glittered. \"So you're awake,\" she said with a smile, \"welcome to the CoyotenUgly, I'm Violet.\" \"Nice to meet you, I'm Liz,\" I told her. Kevin turned around to look at Violet, \"She just missed an auditionnat the club, maybe she can perform here instead.\" \"That'll be good, since Rachel isn't here today and Cammie and I havento manage the crowd by ourselves,\" but then Violet turned to me, \"do younthink you could?\" I cleared my throat a bit, \"I think I'll be fine. This can't be toondifferent from performing on stage.\" Violet winked, \"Oh, dancing is a must.\" I smiled hesitantly. \"I'm sure a gal like you knows how to look sexy up there,\" Violetntold me. \"I'll try,\" I promised.[Chapter 2] Chp 2: Perhaps a job? When I climbed out of the bed I had slept in and missed my auditionnwith, Violet cast a quick eye at my baggy t-shirt and every day jeans. She shock her head, \"You were gonna perform in that for thenaudition?\" \"No, no!\" I said, embarrassed, \"I was going to change.\" \"Well, Lil's got some jeans in her closet you should borrow,\" by thenway she instructed me to use her boss' clothes, I figured they were prettynclose. Kevin and Violet left the room. I heard Violet announce my singingnoutside, and I figured I should probably change fast. Lil's closetncontained a collection of dazzling, revealing clothing I had never wornnbefore. Hesitant, I took out a purple, glitter top that tied up like ancorset and revealed my stomach. For pants I took out these amazing black,nleather jeans that literally glossed. Runners Violet would not approve, andnI should look good since she did save my life. or Kevin did, either way.nPlus, if I had to face an audience, I had better look good. Out of thenshoes on the shoe rack below the clothes, I chose a pair of black highnboots. Then I quickly jumped into the bathroom close by and darkened mynmakeup. I must've took some time because a blonde, short haired woman whonintroduced herself as Lil came into the room to check on me. \"Sorry if I'm being slow,\" I apologized. \"Oh don't be, I just came to check on how you're looking, I do likenmy girls to look good on the bar,\" she winked, and glanced at my clothes.n\"Pretty good, my things look good on you.\" I smiled, and Lil shoved me outside into the bar. Cammie, who had tonbe the girl with shoulder length blonde hair, jumped on stage with anmicrophone. \"Here she is! Liz, our special treat tonight! What will you sing fornus Liz?\" Cammie yelled loudly over the crowd, who quickly quieted with hernvoice ringing in the microphone. \"Right Kind of Wrong, by LeAnn Rimes,\" I told her, speaking into anmicrophone Violet handed me. Her eyes seemed to glint at the title, Infigured she liked it. Cammie yelled out for me to climb on stage, and whennI did, she went to turn on the jukebox. I stood on top of the bar, tryingnto calm my nerves. When the background for the song came on the jukebox, Infound my beat and my encouragement, and I sang. I know all about, Yea about your reputation And now it's bound to be a heartbreak situation But I can't help it if I'm helpless Every time that I'm with you, ah It was right about here when an incredibly handsome young man walkednin the door of Coyote Ugly. He looked wonderingly over at me, standing onntop the bar. I paused for a second, but when Cammie and Violet climbed onnthe bar and started dancing beside me, I came back to my senses. I tried tonstart dancing, but Cammie and Violet were way too good and glam for me tonever match. So I sat down, hang my legs down the front of the bar and swungnthem around as I sang. You walk in and my strength walks out the door Say my name and I can fight it any more Oh I know, I should go But I need your touch just too damn much Lovin you, yeah, isn't really something I should do I shouldn't wanna spend my time with you. When the song finished I stood up on the bar, pulling myself awaynfrom the massive crowd that now applauded loudly. Lil came behind me andnpatted me on the back. \"That was amazing,\" she breathed, \"Have her sing your songs, Violet!\" I gave her a confused look. \"Didn't you know? Violet wrote that song for LeAnn Rimes!\" Cammientold me. I was speechless as I stared at the coyote in leather pants. A songnwriter? Violet laughed and gave me am appraising look, \"Ya, I should.\" The crowd began to shout louder now, asking for me to sing anothernsong. First I blushed, but then the pride of being a good performernoverwhelmed me. I sang another song by Violet, 'But I do love you', withnCammie and Violet dancing beside me again. The crowd cheered, and the nightnworn on, song by song. By the time the crowd disappeared my throat was dry.nIt didn't hit me until I sat down in a chair to rest that the brown hairednhandsome who had entered when I sang my first song was talking with Violetnand Kevin, as if they were friends. \"You have an amazing voice,\" he said now, wearing an extremelynadorable British accent. \"My name is Ian,\" his blue eyes shone. \"I'm Liz,\" I managed, but my throat cracked, \"ha, not so amazing nownis it?\" Ian laughed and took a seat next to me, \"I heard you were going tonaudition at the musicians' club?\" \"Ya, until I got sprayed and drugged,\" I replied with a laugh. \"Well, I wouldn't have been able to hear you had you made it to yournaudition,\" Ian said, and I looked at him, confused. \"I'm a guitar playernfor this ensemble, we're planning to perform at that same audition a weeknfrom today, but we can't go without a singer. Maybe you wouldn't mindnperforming with us instead of going single?\" I laughed, \"Like I've even got a chance for a second audition. Itntook my friend Dean a real long time to get this one, since I don't have annagent. Sure, I'll sing with me if you think I'm good enough.\" \"Definitely good enough,\" Ian said, and I laughed. \"I wanna hear younsing without the crowd around, do you think you could sing a song now?\" I shrugged, \"Ya, sure, I just want a glass of water first.\" Ian smiled, and walked over to the bar. There he picked up a glassnand filled it up with water from the sprayer. Then he came back to my seatnand handed me the glass. I drank it down in one gulp like a thirsty kitten.nPlacing the glass on a table, I smiled my pleasure. Ian went over to Lil,nsaid something, and then Lil nodded. Then he went into the backroom, and innless than a minute, came out with a guitar pressed against his hips. Hensmiled at me. I grabbed a microphone from the bar, and supported myself against thenbar so I won't fall over from being so tired. Ian struck a chord on thenguitar, and it sounded awesome. \"How about that. I do love you one?\" he suggested. \"Sure,\" I replied, and Ian played while I sang. I don't like to be alone in the nightnI don't like to hear I'm wrong when I'm rightnI don't like to have the rain on my shoesnBut I do love you. but I do love you I don't like to see the sky painted greynI don't like when nothing is going awaynI don't like to be the one with the bluesnBut I do love you. but I do love you. Ian's guitar sounded softly as I sang on top of his chords. Slowlynthe coyotes began to sit around us to listen. Ian smiled at me in praise.nMelted into the song, I began to dance around as I sang. Just then, thendoor of the Coyote Ugly creaked open. The song continued, but Lil went overnto see who it was. When she came back a tall, blonde young man came withnher. He was Dean. I let out a squeak in the middle of my song and waved tonhim. Dean came over, and I danced around him until the song finished. I put the microphone away, and looked at Ian questioningly. Iannstudied Dean, then his gaze came back on me. He smiled, that same, playfulnsmile. \"Do you think I'll be good enough?\" I took the initiative. \"You're awesome,\" Ian told me, \"I think the band will love you!\" I smiled and turned around to hug Dean. When we let go of each othernI turned him around to face the coyotes. \"This is Dean, the guy who got me into the audition,\" I introduced.n\"Dean, this is Violet, Rachel, Lil, Kevin, and Ian.\" Dean smiled at them, but then he looked down at me worriedly. \"Where were you tonight?\" He asked. \"It's a long story,\" I replied, but his look insisted I go on. \"WhennI went to have dinner, this guy took me by the arm and sprayed some drug onnme to make me go to sleep. Thank god Kevin worked in the restaurant, hensaved my life! So he brought me here until I woke up. By then it was tennthirty and way pass the audition time. Violet had told me they needed annextra hand with the performances, so I figured I could help.\" \"I knew I shouldn't have let you go have dinner alone,\" Dean accusednhimself. \"Nothing happened! See?\" I spun around to show him. \"So, what madenyou come here?\" \"I heard you sing when I was going down to my apartment,\" Deannreplied. \"C'mon, I'll drive you back to your apartment.\" Just when we were about to leave, Ian spoke up. \"Hey, Liz, what about rehearsal?\" the British handsome asked, hisneyes big. \"Call me,\" I went over and wrote my number in his palm. Dean and I left Coyote Ugly in his car. Back at my apartment, Deannand I talked at the door. \"I'm not sure if I should let you in there,\" Dean mumbled. \"What ifnsomeone else is going to kidnap you?\" I laughed, \"Don't be silly Dean, and plus, I wasn't completelynkidnapped.\" \"Just be careful,\" Dean warned. \"I will,\" I replied, \"I promise.\" Back in the apartment I unwillingly had to call home, my body droppednitself on the bed and was soon asleep. But my mind wondered; the events ofnthe day swarmed in my head. I was grateful that I didn't remember much ofnthe incident with the drug spray. Ian and the band would be a great thingnto look forward to; I wished they called me soon. Towards Kevin I feltnthankful. The Coyote Ugly was a fun spot to hang out, and I wouldn't mindnperforming again. Dawn came for me around noon. I woke up to a mess of a hair and heavynbags under my eyes. Somebody knocked at the door, and I freaked. Quickly Ingot up and opened the door, it was Kevin, Violet, and Ian. \"Holy shit,\" my eyes went big as I realized what a mess I must'venbeen in. \"I love you all very much but please excuse me while I getndressed!\" I shut the door on them. As fast as I could I washed my face and pulled a brush through mynhair. Then I dabbed some eyeliner on and didn't quite bother with anythingnelse but blush. Lil's clothes were definitely not something I'd wear on annordinary day. So I changed into a white tee, jeans, and brown boots. Then Intried my luck with the door again. \"Ready now?\" Ian asked, his eyes laughed at me. \"I can't help it, you know, singing to 4am wasn't exactly my plan,\" Inargued, and Kevin and Violet laughed. \"Anyway, why are you guys here?\" \"To take you out around the city,\" Kevin said. \"Ian wanted to shownyou the studio he rented.\" I smiled, \"Thanks.\" \"No problem,\" Violet replied, and we were off. First stop was the studios. It was in the same building as the onenDean works in. Ian's studio was on the third floor, several rooms to thenright. \"It's not very big,\" Ian apologized, \"but we can't afford anythingnbetter.\" \"No,\" I argued \"it's great!\" Ian didn't look convinced, but I didn't try to convince him. It wasnthe sort of thing you'd do out of courteousness, which really doesn'tnchange the person's original thoughts. Soon enough, we left the studios andnwent to buy lunch. Kate's Corner was your every day fast food restaurant,nwith nothing particularly interesting. Violet and I bought some fries and andrink, while the guys ate hamburgers. Not a big surprise, isn't it? \"Liking it here so far?\" Kevin asked between bites. \"Yep,\" I didn't want to disappoint him by saying I've been herenbefore. \"Are you going to come back to Coyote Ugly tonight, Liz?\" Violetnasked, hopeful. \"I think so,\" I told her, \"it'll be fun, wouldn't it?\" \"Of course!\" Violet exclaimed. \"Maybe you can come work there likenCammie Rachel and I.\" \"Maybe,\" I said hesitantly. \"Let's go around shopping,\" Violet suggested. My eyes glinted up in happiness, but the guys were a completelyndifferent matter. \"You and Ian can sit here while we go, if you want,\" Violetnsuggested. \"Nah, we'll take a long time Violet, trust me,\" I winked. \"Why don'tnwe meet you at Coyote Ugly around 7pm?\" Ian nodded, \"Good plan, we'll see you there.\" With that he and Kevinnleft, and Violet and I headed across the street to a mall. Kevin O'donnell and Ian Dashwood had been friends since more thannhalf a year ago when they met at Violet's first performance. The britishnyoung man had been impressed by Kevin's devotion to Violet, and had taken anstep to know this man who had the likely potential of a great friend. A couple of hours have passed since Kevin and Ian left Violet and thennew girl, Liz. They were walking now down to Coyote Ugly, where theynpromised they would meet the girls. \"Liz is great fun, isn't she?\" Kevin commented. \"Yeah,\" Ian replied, \"she is.\" \"So when do you plan to ask her out?\" Kevin continued. Ian had a shocked expression and froze for a moment before replying,n\"I don't know.\" \"Ask her tonight,\" Kevin suggested casually. \"Did you plan to giventhat necklace you bought yesterday to her?\" Ian blushed, \"Yeah.\" Kevin patted Ian on the back, \"She'll say yes, I just know it. Lastnnight at the bar she was staring at you all through the night.\" Ian shrugged and let out a laugh. Not long after, they entered thenCoyote Ugly. The bar was still empty this early, but the girls were alreadynbehind the bar, serving the early guests. \"Hey Kev!\" \"Hi Cam.\" \"This early? And without Violet?\" \"She's coming later with Liz.\" \"Liz? Serious?\" A new voice joined. \"Looks like it'll be a loudnnight.\" \"She's great, hi Lil,\" Ian spoke up this time. Lil waved to Ian, and turned around to serve another group of guestsnwho had just entered. Kevin and Ian took their usual seats near the bar,nwhere they could chat easily with the girls. Not too long after, Violet andnLiz showed up. \"Jersey!\" Lil called from the back as she came out with new bottlesnof whiskey. \"Hey Lil!\" Violet replied. \"Nice to have you back again, Liz! Get ready, we want you to sing!\"nLil said happily. \"Thanks Lil!\" Liz replied. \"Oh wait, shoot! I left your clothes in mynapartment. Could I borrow more?\" \"Go ahead!\" Lil was in a great mood. Liz walked into the back, and left Violet to chat with the girls. Shendressed quickly, this time in a vintage leather top and beige pants. Withnplenty of time, Liz applied liquid eyeliner and gold eye shadow, giving herna more sexy look for Coyote Ugly. Ian couldn't help but stare when Liz came out of the back. His eyesngrew large, but he quickly returned them to normal as to not embarrassnhimself. His heart raced, however, at how amazing Liz looked tonight. Bynnow the bar was quite full, and Violet had to help the girls with thendrinks. Rachel took the hint when Liz came out, and she turned on the jokenbox. Liz knew what to do, she jumped on top of the bar with Rachel andnCammie, and sang. You can try, to resist, try to hide from my kiss. But younknow, you know, that you, can't fight the moonlight. Deep, in the dark,nyou'll surrender your heart. Liz's body moved to the beat this time. Sexier as the crowd applaudednher and cheered her on. It wasn't long before some men climbed onto the barnto dance with the girls. Ian didn't like it, but he had to give in to thenfact that this was what the Coyotes did. But soon enough, things got out ofnhand as Lil left to rest for awhile in the back. A man in his twenties, drunk and demented, started to pull Liz closernto him than she wanted. He pulled her so close that the girl dropped hernmicrophone out of embarrassment. Cammie realized the situation, and quicklynjumped down the bar, probably to get ice. But Ian had had enough. He pullednthe guy down the bar and punched him hard in the face. Lou came speeding in, but by the time he got there the bar was anmess. Cammie quickly motioned for Liz to leave while they cleaned thingsnup. The girl didn't know better, and so went in the back. Lil sat in the back with a glass of water in her hands. When I wentnin the back, she looked up at me in question. \"There's a fight outside,\" I explained apologetically. \"Some guyndecided to get it on with me and Ian got super mad.\" Lil sighed, \"Darn! Is Lou taking care of it?\" \"I think so,\" there was a pause, \"I'm sorry Lil.\" Lil shock her head, her hair flapped around, \"Not your fought, don'tnworry about it. Sometimes we get these guys who think this is a cat hous-\" Coyote Ugly's boss didn't have time to finish her sentence before anloud bang sounded outside. Liz jumped up and ran out as fast as she could,nher heart pounding real fast. Outisde by the bar, most of the guests havenstormed out. The man who had tried to dance closer with Liz than the girlnwanted was held tight by Lou and another police officer. Kevin was kneelingnon the floor, his body shadowing another figure. Liz didn't want to take innthe image, but her eyes forced her brain to see that the figure lying onnthe floor was Ian.[Chapter 3] First an answer to my first review (!!! Thanks so much for Reviewing Mag! I'm so happy that you like my story. I'mnhoping I will get more reviews, but I guess Coyote Ugly is a pretty oldnmovie now. Well, Thanks again! I read your story and it's awesome, let usnboth keep our fanfics up! To everybody else: again, please R&R;! I'd love it if you would tell yournfriends about my story, it's one of my first and I really, really wantnopinions. ( Kevin turned around to face Liz's terrified face. The girl had tensednso much that the air around her seemed to shiver. Kevin let the policenofficer take care of Ian, and he went over to Liz. I looked at the limp body of Ian. My heart's fast pounding ceased.nTears streamed out of my eyes. I could feel the eyeliner smudge on my lids,nas I could feel all the joy I gathered today slip out of my consciousness.nKevin moved away and closer to me, leaving Ian's image clear for me to see.nHe put a comforting hand on my shoulder, and Violet the other. I sighed,nand burst out in a fit of crying into Violet's embrace. \"He wasn't badly hurt, Liz,\" Violet comforted me. \"It was only anbullet in the shoulder. He'll recover.\" As if it helped, my sobs ceased a little. But I continued crying fornthe next twenty minutes. Violet let go of me to give some information tonthe police officers that now filled the Coyote Ugly to interview us. Lilnheld me and brought me into the back room, telling the police I was toonweak to be interviewed. In the back, Lil let me sit on her bed, and handednme a box of tissues. \"It's all my fault,\" I sobbed into Lil's tissues. \"It's all mine.\" Lil held me and shock my shoulders, and looked into my eyes with hernbright blue ones, \"No, it's not! Do you hear me Elizabeth? It's not yournfault! Ian will recover, and he'll want you to be strong and wait for him,nalright? Be the strong girl Ian saw in you!\" I let go of Lil and sobbed into her pillows. \"Lil, leave me alone for a bit will you? I just need some time toncalm down.\" \"Ok.\" I heard Lil leave and go into the bar. Her pillows smelt of faintnflowers, and the scent calmed my nerves. Slowly my sobs ceased, and mynhiccups began to disappear. Later, when I heard that the police had left, Insat up and went out to see the others. Lil and Cam were cleaning up the blood on the floor, and Violet andnRachel helped clean the broken glass and things like that. Kevin was on hisnway back from the door, where he saw the police officers off. \"I can drive some of us to the hospital,\" Kevin suggested. \"They saidnhe'll be at St.Paul's.\" \"Rach, Cam?\" Lil asked as she cleaned. \"Ya?\" both of them answered. \"Can you guys please stay behind and help me clean?\" \"No problem. Violet and Liz are closer friends with Ian anyway,\"nRachel said, and Cam agreed. \"Are you okay, Liz?\" Violet asked me, her eyes worried. I nodded weakly, \"I want to go.\" \"Then let's go now,\" Kevin suggested. Violet and I quickly got in hisncar, and said bye to the Coyotes left behind. St.Paul was less than 10 minutes drive from Coyote Ugly, but it wasnlong enough for me to think about all the good things Ian did. Like when henloved my singing. When he brought to me that glass of water. The way hensmiled at me when I sang and danced in the bar, and the way he said hisnband will love me. Violet seemed to sense my worry grow. \"He'll be fine, trust me, Liz,\" the song writer said, her voice fullnof emphasis. I nodded. When we parked by St.Paul's, the three of us got out of thencar quickly. We told the front desk our situation. \"Ian Dashwood?\" the lady said. \"He is getting an emergency surgeryndone in the C wing. Are you his family?\" \"No,\" Kevin replied, \"We're his friends in New York. His family isnelsewhere.\" The lady nodded and let us go. Had there not been other patients innthe hospitals needing silence, I would have sprinted to the emergency room.nWhen we got there, Ian was already inside, being operated on. The three ofnus sat in silence outside, until the red light of the emergency room turnednoff. A man in a doctor's robe came walking out. \"He'll be fine,\" the man's lips spread into a kind smile. I felt justnthen that I could love him forever. Violet hugged Kevin in happiness, and Infelt my heart beat relax. \"How long 'till we can see him?\" I asked hopefully. \"I suggest one of you stay behind for emergencies,\" the doctornexplained. \"Not that it's likely, but it's for safety issues. The rest ofnyou can go home and get some rest. It'll be at least tomorrow when he'll benstrong enough to see you.\" Liz looked at Kevin and Violet, wanting to find out what theynthought. \"Violet has a meeting with a record company tomorrow, and I have tonwork,\" Kevin said, \"You can stay if it's alright with you, Liz.\" Liz felt thankful, \"Of course I will.\" \"Then miss, please come and fill out some forms,\" the doctor said. \"Wait, Kevin, come with me,\" Liz said, \"you know Ian better than Indo.\" When Liz finished the forms and Kevin and Violet left the hospital,nthe doctor went away to another patient. The girl sat in the waiting areanand fell asleep, lying across three and a half chairs. Liz woke when a light finger tapped her shoulders. She woke up to thensmiling face of an aged nurse. The woman waited till she got up and rubbednher eyes before she spoke. \"He is awake now,\" the woman said, \"you can go in and see him. He'snin room 211.\" \"Thank you,\" Liz said, her voice still weak from sleeping. She walkedndown the halls eagerly, and soon the door to 211 was in front of her. ButnLiz paused in front of the door, hesitant to go in, the excitementnoverwhelming her. When her guts finally came back, Liz pushed the doornopen. \"Who's there?\" a faint voice called from the bed. \"It's me, Liz!\" Elizabeth replied. Liz went over and sat in a chairnby the bed. Ian lay on top of it, some tubes connected to him. He didn'tnhave an oxygen tank, which must mean he will recover soon. Liz looked hernfriend from head to toe, as if checking for any mistakes the doctors mightnhave made. \"Liz,\" Ian looked up at her, the same, playful glint shone in hisneyes, \"I'm alright. I'll be out soon.\" A new stream of tears came out of Liz's eyes, and she felt a carefulnfinger stoke down her cheek. \"Don't cry Liz,\" Ian comforted her, \"I'm alright, please don't cry.\" Liz remembered what Lil had told her about being strong, and shenforced more sobs down. She felt Ian's fingers leave her cheek and reachninto something on the night table beside his bed. It was a velvet bag, andnIan handed it to her. Liz untied it, and a shimmer of gold glided into hernpalm. It was a gorgeous necklace, delicately made with a small, emeraldnstone hanging in the center. \"The emerald looks good with your eyes,\" Ian commented. \"I thoughtnyou would like it.\" Liz smiled, and couldn't stifle a laugh of joy. She gently huggednIan, aware of the things connected to his body that she'd rather not see.nThey pained her. Then Ian's eyes looked extra gentle when he looked intonher eyes. Liz couldn't pull her gaze away, she was helpless in those blueneyes. \"Would you go out with me?\" Ian asked, his eyes danced. \"I-,\" Liz couldn't finish when the door opened again. Dean camenstorming in. \"Damn!\" he swore softly. \"Are you okay, Ian?\" Ian sighed, \"Yes, I am. Thanks for asking.\" Liz felt her cheeks grow bright red when Dean turned to talk to her. \"I went to the bar and Lil told me what happened,\" Dean told the bothnof them. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"It's not your fault,\" Ian told Dean. While they talked, Liz let thennecklace drop in her coat pocket. She felt Ian's gaze watch her, but she nonlonger had the courage to answer his question. The next morning, Liz woke up in her bed tired and confused. Violetnhad the afternoon off with the record company, so she is in the hospitalnwith Ian. Kevin is working at the fish market today, and Liz was not surenwhen he was coming back. She and Dean had planned to meet at the café downnby the studios for breakfast. Liz didn't forget about Ian's asking her out on a date. In fact, hadnDean not stormed in on them at that moment, Liz would have said yes. It wasnquite impossible to refuse, with Ian's handsomeness and incredibly sweetnpersonality. But did Dean storm in for a reason? Was Ian and her not meantntogether? Now that she thought about it, Liz noticed it's only been a weeknsince they've first known each other. She felt love towards Ian, yes shendid. But was a week enough to build that feeling? She did know Dean better. Dean was blonde, blue eyed, and cute in annangelic way. Perhaps somebody up there sent him storming in because he wasnreally the guy meant for her. It was all too confusing for Liz at the moment. Paula's Café was a sweet little place. The building was built in thenfashion of a diner in the early 1900's, something like in Titanic's time.nDean waved to her when she walked in, and Liz went over to sit across fromnhim. \"Sorry I'm late,\" Liz apologized. \"No problem,\" Dean told her. \"You stayed over night at the hospital,ncan't blame you for needing some sleep.\" \"Is Ian recovering?\" \"I haven't seen him, but last time I saw Kevin he said Ian was doingnfine.\" \"Want to visit him?\" Dean hesitated for a moment, \"I have a meeting later this afternoon,nbut I think it should be fine.\" He smiled. Liz finished the cup of milk shenordered quickly. Then Dean drove them to the hospital. Violet met them innthe front where she was buying a drink from the vending machine. \"Poor Ian,\" Violet told them, \"can't even have pop. His beenncomplaining since the last time I drank coke here.\" Liz laughed, \"Sounds like him. Just a big kid.\" \"Aren't we all?\" Violet winked. \"C'mon Dean, come outside for awhilenwith me won't you? The air here is really getting to me.\" Liz understood; Violet knows about the necklace, and she was givingnher time. Dean, luckily, agreed with Violet and left with her. Quickly, Liznwalked to room 211. She didn't bother knocking. \"Ian?\" Liz said, calling Ian from where he lay with his eyes staringnblankly outside the window. \"Hi,\" Ian said a little awkwardly. \"Can I, um,\" Liz wanted to ask about the date, but it was hard to getnover the first few words, real hard, \"pick up on your offer?\" Ian didn't say anything; his eyes just had that gleam in them Lizncouldn't overlook. Liz smiled, and Ian did too. She leaned over and kissednhim on the forehead, then the nose, and then the lips. Their kiss lastednlight and sweet, almost like when the breeze of spring hits the new grownnflowers. Dean stormed into the room again. But this time he was with Violet.nLiz broke away from the kiss fast, but she wasn't sure if she was fastnenough that nobody saw. She didn't like the idea of Dean knowing. \"Coke!\" Violet said, winking at Ian. \"I really, really would-\" Ian began. \"Nope, you can't do anything,\" Violet interrupted, \"I'm loving this.\" Then someone knocked the door three times. Dean opened it, and afternsome brief 'hi's Kevin came in. \"Liz! Thank god you're here!\" Are Australian guys always in some sortnof emergency or what? \"Ummm.\" \"It's urgent! Ian's band, they've called everybody! Good thing theynhad Violet's number. When I got home I checked the messages. They want younat the studio by 10am to rehearse!\" \"Ummm,\" this time Liz said it louder, \"how are we supposed tonrehearse without Ian?\" \"Well, do you play the guitar?\" \"Yes.\" \"Then there we go, get going Liz, it's already 9:45!\" Kevin literallynshooed Liz out of the room before she had a chance to say anything. Behindnher, she could almost hear Ian laugh. On the 3rd floor of the studios, Ian's studio wasn't hard to locate.nThe band was already playing in the room to the right. When Liz pushed thendoor open, the music stopped, three guys around Ian's age looked up at her.nNone of them looked British, which really gives one some thoughts. \"Miss Asben?\" the pianist asked. He had blonde hair and turquoiseneyes, and he was very polite. \"That'll be me,\" Liz couldn't help but feel more country like innfront of this big city gentleman (well, almost). \"Call me Liz, it's nice tonmeet you all.\" \"The pleasure is our's,\" the pianist continued, Liz was getting tirednof his formalities by now. \"I'm Jake, his the base player; Hayden, and overnhere is the drummer; Garrick.\" The guys waved, then Garrick spoke up. He was a guy with flaming rednhair and blue eyes. He had pale skin, and his posture was much more relaxednthan Jake's. \"We haven't got much time,\" Garrick said. \"Let's start rehearsing.\" \"It's good that you play the guitar, Liz,\" Hayden had dirty blondenhair, and Jake's shade of blue eyes, only paler. \"Here's Ian's music.\" Henhanded me a folder of sheet music. The band planned to play 'We can get there', 'Didn't we love', andn'Remember' for the audition. Liz figured that for a band the club let themnplay more than one song, which was good. When rehearsal was over, the girlndrove on the road back to her home town. Ian was getting better, and lotsnof happened since she first left Wenyard Avenue. It was time she visitednher family and Erin. First stop was a large farm house a little bit eastward of WenyardnAvenue. It was quite a farm in the country, and even as the sunsets a fewnhorses galloped around the field. Liz walked into the field through thendoor on the fences, and close up she could see the figure of her fathernriding a beige gelding. Her father looked over, and he smiled. \"Get on Chocolat,\" the man told her. Liz understood, and soon she wasnmounted on top of a bay gelding. As the bay and the beige geldings walkedninto the sun's rays together, Liz's father spoke. \"How is New York?\" \"Lot's have happened, Dad.\" Liz's dad waited for her to tell her story. \"First, I couldn't get to my audition on time,\" Liz skipped the drugnpart, for the fear that she might worry her dad. \"So I met this guy namednIan, and he thought I had a great voice, so he got me to sing with hisnband. The next day, he and a couple of his friends took me out site seeing.nLater we went to have dinner, and he got shot.\" Liz couldn't ignore the shocked expression on her dad's face, \"Don'tnworry, dad, it doesn't happen often. Now Ian's in the hospital, but hisnrecovering well. I'm filling in for his guitar position in the band rightnnow, I'm just hoping he'll be better before Wednesday for the audition.\" Her father took a big breath before replying, \"You know, Lizzie, whennyour mother and I first agreed to let you leave on your own decisions, wentrusted you to make your own decisions. Now that I've heard all this, I'mnsure your mother will be very proud of you, because I am. You've managed tongo through so much unscathed, and that takes some skill.\" So Liz is definitely not mentioning the drugs. \"Thanks, dad,\" Liz replied. \"I should go in now and help Mama withndinner.\" Liz's dad nodded, and Liz dismounted the horse. She went inside, andna brunette woman came out to greet her. Liz's Mama gave her a huge, bonencrushing hug and kissed her all over. \"Mama!\" Liz yelled, \"you're suffocating me!' \"How's New York?\" Liz's Mom asked. \"Good,\" Liz replied. \"I want to make a couple of calls first, thennI'll help you with dinner. Dad can tell you details what happened, I'm toonhungry for your food to tell it again.\" Liz winked. First off she called the hospital for Ian. \"Hello?\" Ian's voice sounded weak. \"Hey Ian? It's Liz, are you feeling okay?\" \"Yeah, was just sleeping.\" \"Oh, sorry I woke you up.\" \"It's okay, I was waiting for you to call or come.\" \"Anyway, I wanted to tell you rehearsal went great. We're waiting fornyou to get better and join us!\" \"That's good. Where are you now?\" \"My parent's, I'll be at my house with Erin for tonight. We have nonphone so don't even bother calling. I got to go help with dinner, love you,nbye.\" \"Love you too.\" Liz hanged up. Next call was for Violet and Kevin. \"Liz! Come to the bar tonight, you have to!\" \"Violet, I can't, I'm staying at my parents tonight.\" \"Oh, Lil will be furious!\" Violet said jokingly. \"Well, I don't work there. Why, is there a shortage of people?\" \"I think so, last I heard the new girl left. I can't make it tonight,nplus, Kevin doesn't like it for me to go there too often anyway.\" \"Neither should Ian!\" Kevin's voice was faint but Liz could stillnhear it, and she laughed. \"Well, sorry about it. I got to go, just called to tell you that Incan't watch Ian tonight. But he sounds alright.\" \"Ok, bye.\" Dinner already smelt great when Liz finished her calls. She went andnhelped with set up. When the family finished eating, and Liz finished herngood byes with her parents, the girl left for her old house with Erin. \"Oh my god!\" Erin squeaked when she opened the door. \"Why didn't youncall, or something?\" \"We don't have a phone,\" Liz informed, then the girls laughed andnhugged. \"Wow! Sorry, I just got out of the shower. I'm in such a mess! How'snNew York?\" Liz told Erin everything, save for the drugs and Coyote Ugly. Thengirls sat around the table and caught up on more of what happened to thenother that they missed out on. It was dark and deep into the night whennErin's new cell phone rang. \"Hello?\" Erin picked it up, and Liz looked at the phone, surprised. \"Yes, this is Erin.Who is this?... Coyote Ugly? Lil? Please hold on ansecond.\" Liz's heart sank, and she took over the cell phone. \"Lil? This isn't a good time, can I get back to you?\" \"Well, the bar is filled and I could really get some help! But if youninsist.\" Liz turned the cell phone off and gave it back to Erin. The girl justnlooked back at her, stunned. \"Coyote Ugly?\" Erin finally squeaked, an octave higher than hernnormal voice range. \"Why didn't you tell me you went and sang at a bar?\" \"Well, you don't like it,\" Liz told the truth. \"You went to a bar!\" Erin was not happy. \"Liz, I told you not to!\" \"Erin, you know I'm that kind of person. For heaven's sake, you metnme at a bar!\" \"But the Coyote Ugly is like a stripper's bar!\" \"No it's not! Nobody gets naked, there's only singing and dancing,nwith our clothes on!\" \"I thought you acted kind of weird when you came in. You changed,nLiz,\" Erin calmed down, but she was still angry. \"You've changed intonsomebody I don't know. But I never thought you'd work at some strip bar!\" There was no arguing with Erin, especially at night. So Liz picked upnher stuff and left. Erin didn't try to stop her, maybe Liz could talk senseninto her tomorrow. Liz started her car, and through the night, she drovenback to New York City. ","Summary":" Note regarding copyright laws:nAll characters belonging to Cayote Ugly in this story remain the ori"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins - A Noisy and Magic Night","Author":"Sarah Vilela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13236094","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Felicia's Tower - 9:30 p. m. Felicia: (coming out of the bath, wrapped in the towel) Yamn... It was a tiring night of spells... (Felicia puts on her pajamas, brush her teeth and stores her magic wand, her broom and her spell books in the closet.) Felicia: Now I go to bed because tomorrow is going to be a day full of magic! Yamn... (lie on your bed and cover yourself with the comforter) Good night! (Felicia sleeps peacefully, dreaming in golden bats, singing pumpkins, ghost dancers, and flying candy canes as she dances with sorceresses dressed in black and white.) Felicia: Zzz... Golden bats... Singing pumpkins... Ghost dancers... Flying candy canes... Black and white sorceresses... (suddenly a loud noise wakes Felicia) Billy Peltzer: Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk/I'm a woman's man, no time to talk Kate Peltzer: Music loud and women warm,/I've been kicked around since I was born Felicia: But... What's that noise? Gizmo: And now it's all right, I'm okay/you may look the other way Billy Peltzer: We can try to understand/The New York Times' effect on man Felicia: This noise... seems to come... from the apartment where my friends Billy, Kate and Gizmo live! Kate Peltzer: Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother/You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Gizmo: Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin'/And you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Felicia: I need to stop this loud noise... before I turn \"zombie\" tomorrow. Billy Peltzer, Kate Peltzer & Gizmo: Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive/Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive/Oh, when you walk Felicia: I need to act... (picking up her broom and her magic wand) Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 9:50 p. m. Billy Peltzer: Well, now I get low and I get high/And when I can't get either, I really try Kate Peltzer: Got the wings of heaven on my shoes/I'm a dancin' man and I just can't lose Gizmo: You know, it's all right, it's okay/I'll live to see another day Felicia: (flying on your broom and heading towards the window of the apartment, watching Billy, Kate and Gizmo singing karaoke in the living room) There is the location of the noise... So my friends are the noisy of this situation? I can't believe it! Billy Peltzer: We can try to understand/The New York Times' effect on man Kate Peltzer: Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother/You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Felicia: (annoyed because of the noise) If you don't stop the noise now, I'll turn you into frogs! Gizmo: Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin'/And you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive Billy Peltzer, Kate Peltzer & Gizmo: Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive/Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive Billy Peltzer: Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me/Somebody help me yeah Felicia: (still annoyed) Remember, I warned you! I warned! (she took her magic wand and used a strong spell in Billy, Kate and Gizmo) Kate Peltzer: Life goin' nowhere, somebody help me yeah/I'm stayin' alive... (the trio was bathed in golden light) What's... rrrribit... happening... Billy Peltzer, Kate Peltzer & Gizmo: Rrrrrrrrbit, rrrrrrrbit, rrrrrrrbit... (the trio turned into frogs through Felicia's spell) Felicia: Okay, I got rid of the noise! Now I'm going back to sleep! Yamn... (flying on her broom and returning to her tower) Billy Peltzer: Rrrrrrrrbit, rrrrrrrbit, rrrrrrrbit! (Maybe we should start playing chess!) Kate Peltzer: Rrrrribit! (I agree!) Gizmo: Rrrrribit... (Yeah...) ","Summary":" Felicia's Tower - 9:30 p. m. Felicia: (coming out of the bath, wrapped in the towel) Yamn... It was"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins 3 The Final Showdown","Author":"Valentine Meikin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13191718","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Before I start, Similar to how Ghostbusters The Video Game is supposedly a sequel to Ghostbusters 2, set a few years afterwards, This story will be set at the turn of the millenium, before the roll-out of digital cinema, for reasons that will be apparent soon enough. The framing device will be records kept of an ongoing investigation into why Gremlins 3 seemingly never released. Where a narrative element is as a fictional story, I will make a Fourth Wall Note. Otherwise, I will use the framing device to describe the elements as if in universe. An example is that the disclaimer, instead of being a standard one, is in the form of an old copyright. I chose 2001 as the production date due to the fact, it could be assumed, the film was redone at the start to have a topical speech by Daniel Clamp, with it's release being planned for Christmas that year. I stress 'planned'... GREMLINS 3 © 2001 AMBLIN ENTERTAINMENT. DISTRIBUTED BY WARNER BROTHERS. ANY DISTRIBUTION OUTSIDE OF TRUSTED AND AUTHORIZED SOURCES IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. THIS DIRECT TRANSCRIPT OF THE ONLY SHOWING OF THE FILM WAS MADE AS PART OF AN ONGOING INVESTIGATION, AND ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES OR INCONSISTENCIES WITH THE ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY ARE DUE TO DAMAGE TO THE FILM. POLICE REPORT CASE FILE: WARNER BROTHERS 'GREMLINS 3' LAWSUITS This is primarily a transcript of the film, along with selected commentary and interview transcripts from people related to the film and it's release, created as part of the ongoing lawsuits against Time Warner's Warner Brothers film production company, as well as several related personnel. These lawsuits concern the events surrounding the non-release, and apparent disappearance of practically all copies, of Gremlins 3 The Final Showdown , hereby referred to as Gremlins 3, during the Christmas holiday period of 2001. It was temporarily put under non-disclosure agreement, and only unsealed recently. According to the Warner Brothers official statement, Gremlins 3 was officially never made, and the studio took a massive undisclosed loss even before taking into consideration the delays and issues on set which we found out about while investigating the first court action, opened by Time Warner itself. The police involvement began when we were called over a report that every single copy for advance release had not been delivered. What was unusual about this theft was that no group was found to have released these stolen copies as an illegal pre-screening or even for distribution online. In fact, practically every copy that was found, even the one described in the attached transcript, had damage to the film's casing, and in most cases, when the casing was opened, the film itself had been shredded or rendered unplayable, with the copy recorded in the transcript being the only discovered playable copy. What was sealed under the non-disclosure agreement, and is transcribed below, was that they were able to organise a showing of this single copy within a single cinema, to an audience who were not aware of what they were about to see, with the benefit of a new security system being piloted at the time. This allowed the observation of the whole theatre area to attempt to stop people bringing in cameras. In hindsight, It was unfortunate that the projection area was not covered by the same security system, and was why we suspect what happened later escalated so quickly. For those same reasons, there was no red carpet premiere. Interview Transcript 1: Name Redacted At Request Ah, Gremlins 3. I sometimes feel that you could consider it one of the biggest disasters in movie making history. I remember when I was helping with the filming. They'd managed to get this office building, dirt cheap, to stand in for the Clamp Centre from the original. Built a perfect 1:1 replica out of it. Didn't use it very much for actual filming, the whole thing was wired up for the grand finale. The finale had the building destroyed, with the Gremlins trapped inside as it came down. Admittedly, the building was up for demolition anyway, so... From what I could see, it was a picture-perfect demolition, the equipment they'd left in there getting some great shots of the animatronic gremlins trying to escape. However [Amblin] declared something was botched about the finale. It wasn't something like crew being on site, the place was deserted, all the puppet work was done from several miles from the demolition site. Hell, Any shots with the cast in the building done with the same sets as Gremlins 2 on an earthquake rig, so I don't have a clue what was wrong. Oh right, the film showing. Well, I only watched the first few minutes. All I did was help with Steve announcing the damn thing. The audio was distorted all to hell, the corporate bumpers played as if the film strip was put in outright the wrong way up, all backwards and upside down Hell, there were several points where Steve and the other studio representatives looked warily at the screen, where there were a lot of glitches that could be attributed to broken or damaged film, with more than one trailer having patches of very visible damage, including frames that were missing and audio cut-outs. I was among those who left after the film genuinely snapped, the final trailer just frame after frame of slowly decaying film. They went on stage as I was leaving, stating the projection system was being respooled, apologizing about the fact the film had snapped. T hey made it very clear th is was the most complete version of the film, not that anyone actually played it through to check. Well, with the state of the trailers, who would or could. What I will add, as a bit of trivia… The whole process of respooling was done automatically, no human interaction. There was meant to be a person in the booth, and if they'd been on duty, the film would have been taken off and they'd have used a strip of pre-made trailers. If I'd known why they hadn't done that, I'd have evacuated the entire audience right then and there, because something wasn't right . But, as I said, I didn't, and I didn't even watch very much of the film… In some ways, I wish I had... In even more ways… I'm thankful I didn't… GREMLINS 3: THE FINAL SHOWDOWN FIRST TRANSCRIPT: INTRODUCTION Trailers Skipped For Copyright Reasons For Clamp Industries, the Clamp Centre Incident had been one of the worse corporate disasters in US history. Billions of dollars was wiped off the value of the company due to what was the most surreal event in Clamp Cable's multi-year broadcast schedule, as well as the damages done to some of the broadcast equipment and sets, one entire studio written off along with a expensive industrial microwave. One transmitter was still broadcasting on several channels an endless marathon of Snow White even a month later, the only remaining feed of that dying abruptly when there was a Technical Difficulties splash card throw up when the tape snapped, the last showing distorted and warped in places as the film wore out. Daniel Clamp himself went on record as stating that he didn't know who swapped the Clamp 'Apocalypse Tape' for the Snow White tape, but that they were not planning on doing any more showings, and had different plans for their Christmas movie marathon, for the foreseeable future. He added that the emergency broadcast system had been effectively disabled by the incident, so there would no longer be anything playing constantly on every channel like that again. He had also gone on record as stating that the reason for some of the surreal programming had been some research by Dr. Catheter, formerly of Splice Of Life. Unfortunately, due to a power surge in the laboratory, he was unable to comment in his defence. His widow requested that his research and finances be transferred to Clamp Research for use as they see fit. Splice Of Life itself went into genetically modified food instead of their original bio-research grant. This once minor research project saved the company financially due to discovering a way to apply the ability to throw a tomato like a baseball safely to foods like bananas. This meant that, a few years later, foods notorious for wastage due to bruising were now cheaper to ship and supply. As a result, hey were now more well known as a supplier of crops that could survive even the worst weather, which especially helped third world countries, who couldn't grow crops otherwise, to have food all year round. Meanwhile, their original research grant now was changed to the nature of the Gremlins, using donated samples of Gizmo's blood and DNA, along with most of the remains of the Gremlins, one petrified Bat Gremlin as well as the Female Gremlin. This was all supplied in exchange for the only supply of the genetic sunblock, for the personal use of Gizmo, and the destruction of any material which could be used to reproduce it. Due to this last part, Gizmo now sat, pride of place with Kate Peltzer as Daniel Clamp walked on stage for the reopening ceremony of the Clamp Centre. \"New York endures. A saying that has become very important in recent times. On September 11th, I was one of those people who had to watch as an iconic part of our skyline was permanently and terribly destroyed... We already consulted with Splice Of Life, It was definitely terrorists. There's not been a viable specimen of the Gremlins outside of lab conditions since then...\" Daniel Clamp declared, the audience chuckling with his joke. He then continued, \"Over a decade ago, Clamp Industries, due to the unsanctioned and illegal research of that company, lost it's corporate headquarters, and several members of our staff, whose names are listed in the foyer of the new concourse, in an incident which cost several billion dollars in damages to the buliding and our corporate image...\" As he paused, Billy stepped up to join him. \"I personally wouldn't be here if it wasn't for William Peltzer here, my new VP of Operations, who helped spearhead the remodelling of the Clamp Centre, both helping with the modernisation effort, as well as adding in specialist security features that will ensure none of the now-sanctioned, and heavily controlled, research into those things by Splice Of Life will get much further than the testing areas, and if anything like what happened all those years ago does again... Clamp Industries will endure.\" For Forster, President of Operations, he didn't need to hear the cheers of the crowd as they ate up his boss and the Peltzer boy saying about the brand new vision of Clamp Industries. He watched them from one of the overlooking observation areas, before opening up his folder. A moment later, he took out a pair of sunglasses and removed a breathing mask from a pocket, putting both on as he tapped a control on the tablet computer in his folder. The compartment was abruptly sealed off from the outside, heavy duty lamps hidden in the roof shining down as the air was sucked out. \"Observation Area 2 - Test complete,\" A voice stated in his ear, and he waited for the light to normalise and the shutters to open before he removed the sunglasses and breathing apparatus. He then cycled the empty pods through the same process. If a Gremlin was able to survive the bright lights, the sudden loss of air would ensure they'd not be lasting much longer. The final solution was inelegant but brutal, and was basically small explosive charges built into the walls of the pod, designed for if lifesigns remained in the pod when active. The observation pod would be immolated in a split second. He stepped out, studying the heavy duty bulkheads, as well as the capability to seal off and turn any part of the building into a vacuum. Fire extinguishing was done using non-liquid foam, and drinking fountains had been removed and replaced by canned drinks machines imported from Japan. Peltzer had effectively gone from top to bottom, testing everything for compliance with the first two rules of Mogwai care, and ensuring several major breaches of the third would activate upon something less than human being in an area, ensuring even a minor infestation would be dead in moments. The fact that Peltzer's pet Mogwai was completely immune to sunlight, and they'd managed to figure out how to artificially induce the right mix of bright light and UV radiation to fry a Gremlin on the spot was satisfying. Even more was pressing the button that fried the damn bitch that seduced him, while stating smugly that their relationship was over. Notably, as a concession to his original hands-on approach to the running of the Clamp Centre, most of what had originally used a bank of computers in a control room was slaved to a tablet computer, built into the same slim folder as he had walked round with before the remodelling. They'd even made sure that the barcode reader and sensor wand he used to interface with it originally was updated to work with it as well. He opened the folder and checked the display within. A few rapid taps, and he was grinning like a shark. There was something so much more hands-on about having those massive banks now turned into a set of tools he just called up whenever he got an alert. And so much faster. This originally took him going to a bank of monitors when an alert occurred to look. Now, he got the image in front of him instantly. \"Mr... Jones, you are in an area that is off-limits to your pay grade. If you do not return to your mandated area, You'll be escorted out of the building since even your former office ALSO will be above your pay grade, since you'll no longer work here...\" He stated into the wireless microphone clipped to his ear. Five minutes later, a message on his screen showed Mr. Jones back at his desk. He checked the various meters that were across the top of his tablet's screen, before tapping an icon when he noticed a second alert. \"Susan, I'm showing that the ambient light levels of Sector 9 of Floor 15 are below acceptable levels. Please send two janitors, one with a torch, to check that area...\" He stated. Even if it had been declared the building was clean, Mr. Peltzer's new regulations required that no-one did any form of maintenance to lighting without a second person to shine a light in the area. The fact every single light had two modes, standard light and what was nicknamed 'the portable sun', was not mentioned. \"We now join Sachiko Kawai, in Chinatown, by the Wing Memorial...\" The news reporter announced, Billy sighing as he viewed the program. The Wing Memorial was a shrine, depicting him sat inside, built on the exact spot where Wing's original store had been in Chinatown within Clamp's Chinatown Marketplace, to show tribute to the old man. It was better than he'd expected, and a fine tribute to him. He opened up his own version of Forster's folder, calling up the videophone after it cycled through the Three Laws test, checking the water, light and situation in any area with food supplies. All food concourses closed at midnight sharp, and there was no way to access the food or drink until they reopened. \"Martin, Martin...\" He stated, the two scientists nodding, \"How goes the research?\" \"We have confirmed a hypothesis that there is a small number of, shall we say, good Mogwai within a breeding group, the criteria of which is still unknown,\" The first stated. \"We should be able to render the water trigger null and void within the next few months, and no Mogwai with an… acceptable disposition even wants to eat before midnight.\" The second offered, \"We did a simple test...\" \"Even the really sneaky Mogwai, if you wave a chocolate bar near them before… The latest tests lead us to believe it's 5am… will try for it. We do not test our luck on the validity of the 5am tests, since we cannot confirm any hypothesis at this time\" The first explained. Billy then hung up. He knew how crafty a bad Mogwai could be. Gizmo looked up at him hopefully. If they could breed 'safe' Mogwai, and distribute them to people who could be trusted, it would be an even better tribute to Mr. Wing than a statue. He looked towards the second tribute, in the Clamp Centre's new concourse, a replica of Mr. Wing's store. The storefront was largely inaccessible, but Wing himself, merely an animatronic replica, sat behind the counter, a cage nearby with a recording of Gizmo's song coming from it. \"Ah, Billy, Gizmo, I overheard your conversation...\" The animatronic stated, \"Make sure of the time, you should. One mistake, disaster will befall us all...\" Billy nodded. It was odd, but it seemed almost like Mr. Wing was there, dispensing advice to those who walked past. An identical tribute, this one accessible, was in Chinatown, in the exact spot Daniel Clamp had been promising Mr. Wing if he had sold his store. Mr. Wing's sole living relatives respected how Daniel Clamp did make sure to honour his side of the agreement, even if a large amount of Mr. Wing's stock had been lost, by opening a Wing's Curiosities store in Chinatown, exactly where he'd promised, and the Wing family found more items for the store constantly. He'd also agreed franchising rights with his family, and now ran a slate of curio stores with Mr. Wing's image. Interview Transcript 2: Name Redacted At Request Ah yes, The tribute to Keye Luke. What they don't mention is that they managed to, don't know how, reconstruct Keye Luke using audio sampled from various sound recordings. If he'd not had his stroke, it would have been voiced directly by him. There were two versions of Mr. Wing done for the film. A million dollar advanced animatronic, mainly in that it looked pretty damn convincing, and a fiberglass mock-up for when it gets destroyed later in the film. Can't say much on what causes it, but they'd not exactly go round destroying something that cost that much to make. There's several scenes where it appears, mostly in the background, but, quite literally, Keye Luke, even after his death, got some pretty good scenes in. According to Steve, the original plan was for Keye to possibly just sit in the sealed off store, puff his pipe and offer advice. They had to spend a small fortune on the replica because of his abrupt death, and even more on creating his posthumous performance. Anyway, You're not here about that, you're here about the film. I wasn't in the cinema, or in on the subterfuge. I do know one thing though. The projectionist was hospitalised and they hushed it up, since the film was set up in the booth, ready for showing. I'd love to know who was in the booth though, if not the normal guy... ","Summary":" Author's Note: Before I start, Similar to how Ghostbusters The Video Game is supposedly a sequel to"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"My Gizmo Furby","Author":"Aussie-Furby-Mogwai-Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12473714","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Gizmo Furbys, released in 1999 by Tiger electronics and Hasbro in association with Warner Bros pictures. This Furby in my opinion, would have to be 1 of the rarest asides from the special edition Furbys. I can remember reading from the Internet (Furby fans Wiki) that these are 2 of 250,000 toys I think that are still in existence in the world. But I'm not sure about that, as the wiki article was written a few years ago. The Gizmo Furby or \"GREMLINS INTERACTIVE GIZMO\" which was the toys official name, was released as a settlement of a dispute between the 3 company's after Warner Bros slammed Hasbro and Tiger for making Furbys design to similar to Gizmo the Mogwai. There was evan a rumour the Warner Bros had sued Hasbro/Tiger for copying Gizmos character/puppet design and I think from what I can remember from reading around the net, was not true or aether the court case was dropped and this, much to I'm sure many Furby fans delight was how the Gizmo Furby was brought to life. Another thing that caught my eye was that a another article, this time gremlins wiki had this \"MOST GREMLINS FANS DO NOT AGREE WITH FURBY\" in my opinion I think this is Not true as I'm pretty sure that most people like me like both the Furby toys AND the Gremlins movies. Also I was quite surprised that the cheapest part of bringing everyone's favourite Mogwai to life, was hiring Gizmo's voice actor, Howie Mandel to voice the toy. As I thought that it would be quite expansive to hire someone, that I'm pretty sure would of been classed as a A- lister well in the 80s anyway. ","Summary":" My Gizmo Furbys, released in 1999 by Tiger electronics and Hasbro in association with Warner Bros p"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Beware the Mogawi","Author":"TrulyTruffla","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10543054","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: (Sings) I'm alive I'm alive I am so alive! Hello everyone long time no see. It's been forever since I written anything and I am bacK! I know I have two Karate Kid fics I really need to get back to, but this plot bunny stuck and I really wanted to write it out. This is Gremlins fic, yay! I recently watched both movie and fell in love with their insanity so of course I had to write something. This fic is actually inspired by a comment I read by whose username I believe is Terminal101 on another Gremilns story. The idea was to have another Mogawi come and be nice to Billy and Kate and mean to Gizmo then eventually have it turn to a Gremlin. I loved the idea so much it stuck, so here's my interpretation of it. I hope you all like it! This story place one year after the second movie and Billy and Kate have yet to get married. But no worries the wedding is coming. Once again I hope you enjoy! I do not own Gremlins, Joe Dante, Steven Spielberg, and Chris Columbus do. Beware the Mogawi Chapter One Follow the Rules \"Dun dun dun dun dun,\" Gizmo sang along with the soundtrack. The small little Mogawi perched on the coffee table watch the tiny screen happily. His big eyes glued to the screen as the giant shark rose from the water, \"Big shark big shark,\" he chirped. \"Gizmo,\" a voice said from behind him. He spared glance away from the television to watch the arrival of Kate. She walked to the coffee table and grabbed the remote. \"Gizmo,\" she repeated, \"No television. Not when there is no one else watching it.\" He chirped in protest as she turned off the set. \"Come on,\" she said picking him up, \"Let's go see Billy.\" \"Billy,\" he squeaked. Kate smiled as she carried the small creature through their new home. In the aftermath of the second Gremlins incident a year ago there was some major changes. With both their changes Billy and Kate were able to afford their first home together. No more rink dink apartment in the city, now it was a nice little house in a nice neighborhood of New York. It was absolute perfection for the future newly-weds. Along with the new house and their future marriage, Gizmo was also a permanent residence with the future Peltzers. This was just as long as he didn't get wet which Billy and Kate stuck to that rule fervently. She pushed open to the door to Billy's studio to reveal Billy sitting at his design table hard at work. His workplace was cluttered with various art supplies and previous designs were scattered about. Kate shook her head at her fiancé's mess. Some days he was rather tidy others when he was busy designing, like today, it was a compete mess. \"Thought you could use some company,\" she announced letting her presence be known. Billy looked from his work and smiled as she walked into the room. \"Hey Hon,\" he greeted, \"Billy,\" Gizmo peeped. \"Hey Giz,\" Billy answered happily as he scratched the little Mogawi's head, \"What are you up to? \"He was watching television again,\" Kate told him as she sat Gizmo down on an uncluttered space of his workplace, \"I thought his time would be better spent here supervising you.\" \"Well I could always use a supervisor,\" Billy joked lightly. Kate ignored the comment looking over his shoulder to see what he was working on. \"That's looking great,\" she said admiring his work. \"You think so?\" he asked pleased, \"I just hope Mr. Clamp likes it. I've been working on these designs for what a year now.\" \"He'll love it,\" she reassured him. She gently squeezed his shoulders. \"Clamp Corners will be the new Kingston Falls.\" Billy took one of her hands and kissed it. \"Thanks Katie.\" \"Anytime,\" she said before giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. Gizmo who had been watching them carefully oohed at this moment causing the young couple to laugh in response. \"Well I'm going to start dinner,\" Kate announced as headed to the door, \"No TV, okay.\" \"Awe,\" Gizmo protested. Billy nodded as he returned to his work and Kate took her leave closing the door behind her. \"TV TV,\" Gizmo chanted. Billy laughed grabbing the remote. \"Okay Giz you win, but quietly so that Katie doesn't hear you.\" He switched on the small set and once more the giant shark appeared on the screen. \"Jaws,\" the Mogawi squeaked in delight causing the human to smile. With Gizmo occupied with the television Billy set down the remote and returned to his design. He had nearly finished the town's bank and Gizmo had gotten to the part where the giant shark was coming for its attack when the phone rang. \"Peltzer residence Billy speaking,\" Billy answered the phone. \" Hello William !\" a chirper voice greeted. Billy held the phone away from his ear for a second as the loud voice on the other end died down. \"Oh hi Mrs. Futterman,\" he responded once the phone was back in place, \"How are you?\" \" I'm fine William. I'm just so looking forward to you and Kate's wedding ,\" Mrs. Futterman gushed, \" Murray and I are so happy for you two .\" \"Thank you Mrs. Futterman.\" \" I'm sure the wedding is going to be splendid. How many are in the wedding party? What flavor is the cake? Are your folks coming ?\" Billy sighed as the questions kept on coming. He had work to do and really should be getting back to his designs. Mr. Clamp would rather seen them sooner rather than later. \"You know what Mrs. Futterman,\" Billy interrupted her as politely as he could, \"I actually have to go back to work but I sure Kate would love to answer your question, she actually knows more than I do.\" \" Okay William you take care now ,\" she said taking the interruption well. \"You too Mrs. Futterman, thanks for calling,\" he told her before setting down the phone. Getting up from his stool Billy quickly left the room to find Kate hard at work on a tray of appetizers. \"Hey Hon Mrs. Futterman is on the phone, wants to talk wedding details,\" Billy filled her in as he took one of the tiny snacks. Kate gave him disapproving look and swatted his hand away as he tried to take another. \"And you can't talk to her why?\" she asked jokingly taking the tray when her hand swatting attempt failed. \"Because unfortunately I have no clue what's going with our wedding and you are the master of all the details,\" he complemented. Kate smiled in satisfaction, \"You bet I am and don't worry I got this.\" \"Thanks Hon,\" Billy thanked her as he turned to retreat back to his studio. \"Oh and Billy,\" she said stopping him. \"Yes?\" \"Turn down the TV.\" Billy shook his head and smiled. So much for being sneaky. \"Yes ma'am,\" he saluted her as he left. As he walked back it was then that he heard something odd. It wasn't the sound of the TV set being too loud. No, it was the sound of something high pitch. More like shriek of animal. Billy stopped to listen. Funny he briefly thought that sounds a lot like Gizmo . Then it hit him. It was Gizmo! a few minutes ago \"Boom boom,\" Gizmo echoed the explosion. He watched the screen with rapt interest as Roy Scheider shot the tank blowing the giant shark to bits. Behind him the phone rang which Billy promptly answered. As the conversation continued behind him half of Gizmo's attention was on it while the other half was on the ending of the movie. After a few minutes of talking Billy got up and suddenly just left. Gizmo watched him go before turning his attention to the remote by Billy's design table. He wasn't fond of the next movie and maybe he could change the channel himself instead of waiting around for Billy. Besides he didn't even know when Billy would be back. \"TV TV,\" the Mogawi chanted. Gizmo shuffled over the crowded workspace as he tried to avoid all art supplies imaginable. This task was going well for him until he accidently knocked over a jar of paintbrushes. The paintbrushes were dumped to the floor and the water splashed out with them. \"Uh-oh,\" Gizmo warbled. He stepped around the jar and continued his pursuit of the remote. After a few more obstacles in the form of art supplies he finally reached his destination and claimed his prize. Gizmo grabbed the remote triumphantly taking a step to go back to his spot when he missed the eraser and tripped sending the remote to the floor. \"Awe,\" he pouted. The Mogawi proceeded to pick himself up and hop down to the stool then down to the floor. Once again in pursuit of the remote Gizmo began his trek avoiding the large puddle of water that circled the discarded paintbrushes. He stayed close to the large desk seemingly forgetting about the dripping jar. As he passed the puddle a small drop of water dropped from the jar and landed right on his head. Gizmo squeaked in pain. Falling onto his stomach the little Mogawi rolled under the desk as he continued to express his agony. Beyond the pain he knew what was coming next and it wasn't pretty… Back to Billy Billy's heart nearly stopped at the sound of Gizmo's pained shrieks. It was happening again and there wasn't anything he could do about it! \"Gizmo!\" Billy yelled as he ran the remaining distance to his studio. He threw open the door and froze in his tracks at the sight he saw. Gizmo was on his stomach under his desk writhing in agony. His little furry back was bubbling up signaling the coming of other Mogawi. Beside that Gizmo's shriek were reaching a crescendo; becoming rather ear grating. Ignoring the high pitch sound Billy dived under the desk to his furry friend's side. \"Giz,\" he cried out apologetically taking note of the spilled water, \"I'm so sorry, I've should have known better than allowing water near you.\" The words did nothing to soothe the Mogawi as it continued to howl. Billy sat helplessly watching him oblivious to the sound of frantic footsteps. Kate came running into the room hearing the commotion from the kitchen. She immediately stopped at the doorway when she took in the sight before her. \"Billy?\" she asked warily barely hiding her growing fear. \"Katie! It's happening again,\" Billy yelled back to her as the noise grew louder. Before she could respond there was a popping noise as a small fur ball burst out of the Mogawi's back and landed between the young couple. Kate screamed. A/N: That's the end of Chapter One, I hoped you find it a rather decent start. Please remember to R&R; and I will see you next time! ","Summary":" A/N: (Sings) I'm alive I'm alive I am so alive! Hello everyone long time no see. It's been forever "},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Amnesiac Gremlin","Author":"Navy Apocalypse 321","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13232400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy was in a state of disbelief at what he was seeing. Gizmo was rolling on the floor, laughing in delight as he was tickled relentlessly by a familiar green Gremlin with a white Mohawk- Stripe- who was grinning, unlike his usual menacing grin was now more like a teasing grin. Your all probably wondering why the fuck Stripe was playing with the Mogwai, when a few minutes ago he was trying to destroy the world? Well, as it turns out, Gizmo's car ended up hitting Stripe, sending the evil Gremlin crashing into a wall and knocking him unconscious. Feeling sorry for him, Billy (against his and Kate's better judgement) had picked up the unconscious Gremlin, who was the last of the litter alive. Though he did find some steel handcuffs on the ground and used them to restrain the evil monster. When they had gotten home, Stripe had woken up, but was whimpering like a scared puppy. Since Gizmo seemed to trust the younger creature, Billy let him go, and Stripes immediately began acting like Gizmo had when he first meet Billy. His mother assumed that the blow to his head gave the young Gremlin a case of amnesia, which gave them two options, kill him or raise Stripe into a more... lovable Gremlin. Considering the two small creatures were both wearing Santa Hats, you can guess which choose Billy picked. Of course, his dog Barney still seemed hesitant about being near Stripe, but the Mowhak Gremlin didn't really seem to care for the dog. For course, as the movie went, Mr. Wing came, took Gizmo (alongside Stripe, too), away, knowing both would be safer with him, they allowed the old man too take the Mogwai and Gremlin away. So, this tale got a happy ending... But what of the other Gremlins? I knoe this was short, but I felt like making this. Let me know what you think of this idea- Have you ever wondered what Stripe would be like if he got redeemed? Hope you enjoyed this! ","Summary":" Billy was in a state of disbelief at what he was seeing. Gizmo was rolling on the floor, laughing i"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins Jet Lagged","Author":"W. D. Briarcroft","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10454846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gremlins Jet Lagged The snow is coming down hard in Kingston Falls. It's such a hassle that the whole city doesn't want to deal with it. Children and adults alike stay indoors. Not even the snow plow drivers want to be out in this mess. Nowhere is this more of a hassle then the Kingston Falls Airport. \"Oh no! I cant believe it! Not another delay!\" \"C'mon Rand , just sit down and relax!.\" \"Lynn, If we don't get out of here by twelve, I'll be late for the convention!\" \"Well, just sit down and try to relax. Worrying about it wont fix anything. Besides, Billy and Kate are trying to rest. \"That's okay. We're awake. Billy says his arm around his girlfriend Kate who was fighting to keep her eyes open. \"Well, that's perfect. See what you did Rand!\" Lynn says slapping him on the wrist with a rolled up magazine. He sighs.\" Sorry about that Billy. I'll try to keep it down. I just don't want to be late! First prize for best invention is a thousand bucks! And when those judges see my new Vidino machine. They are gonna flip.\" Kate sits up rubbing her eyes. \"I'm sorry Mr. Peltzer, what exactly does that thing do again? \"Well Kate, It's very simple. All you do is get your home video tape. Lets say Jaws for example. And you put it into the loading dock, Now you watch your tape just like when your using a regular VCR, but then lets say you find a scene that is too graphic or disturbing. At that point you press the Videno button located on the top and it erases that scene! Just like that! So, you can sit at home watching your movie and the parts you don't like are no longer their! Pretty nifty huh?\" Billy laughs. \"Yea, nifty, that's why we don't have a copy of E.T. Anymore.\" \"I admit it had a few bugs at first, but it works perfect now.\" Billy sits back in his chair sighing to himself. Kate looking concerned asks. \"Whats wrong billy? Something bothering you?\" \"Oh it's nothing really.\" \"C'mon you can tell me. I can tell when something is the matter.\" \"Well, I feel worried about Gizmo.\" \"Why? He's safe inside his cage and no one noticed anything. The airport people just thought he was an odd looking rabbit.\" \"That's not it. I just hate letting him out of my sight like this.\" \"I'm sorry Billy, they just always store pets below the plane.\" \"I know. It's just, ugh, I dunno. Maybe I'm just getting worried for no reason.\" Kate grabs Billy by the hand. \"Hey, it will be just fine. I promise, by the time we land, he will be safe and sound.\" They smile towards one another and give each other a gentle kiss. Meanwhile outside a couple of men are loading the luggage's aboard the aircraft. Tossing them one by one haphazardly. \"You know what I hate most about working out here at this time of year Marv?\" \"Lemme guess Murray. Is it all the snow?\" \"Yes! I hate the snow! It's one thing that we have to run out here in a blizzard loading up all of this luggage, but then the next thing you know, they cancel the flight all together and we have to run out into the freezing snow again to unload the plane\" \"Yea, Yea, Well, get used to it buddy. We got a long night of this crap ahead of us.\" \"Tell me about it. I need a drink.\" \"You buying?\" \"Sure, why not. If I'm gonna be doing this crap all night, I rather be wasted doing it.\" As the last piece of cargo is loaded onto the plane. The cargo doors begin to shut. Soon the cargo hold is filled with darkness and silence. All except for a faint humming barely heard deep within. Nestled inside of a cage filled with soft hay was Gizmo. He was sitting back relaxing reading a new comic book that Billy had got him for the flight. It was Batman, his favorite superhero. Just when Gizmo was getting comfortable and learning about the next dilemma the cape crusader was in for. the plane started to move. Inside the flight notice changed from DELAYED to NOW BOARDING. \"Oh, thank God!\" Randy said grabbing together all of his things. \"Lets go everybody. It's not too late. We can still make it!\" They make their way down to the terminal handing their tickets to the flight attendant. She thanks them and shows them to their seats. \"Well, this is nice.\" Kate says. \"Um, Billy?\" \"Yea?\" \"Do you mind if I take the window seat? I've never been on a plane before.\" \"Of course. No problem, sit where ever you like Hun.\" She smiles and they sit down together. Billy still looks nervous, but Kate grabs his hand insuring him everything was going to be okay. Just below, the plane starts getting rockier. The men loading did a poor job and luggage is rolling around all over. Just above gizmos cage, is a large crate of frozen fish. The ice begins to drip between the cracks, dribbling down the luggage towards Gizmo. Just then the flight launches everyone back in their seats taking off, sending Gizmo's cage into a wall and pouring the melted ice all over him. He begins to scream and pound his fists against the floor. Suddenly rather large balls of fur pop out from Gizmo's back spreading all across the area. \"Oh, no!\" Gizmo cries to himself. The balls roll out around the room and begin to pulsate like a beating heart. Up above Billy is breathing heavily. \"Ugh, oh my god.\" Kate looks at him concerned. \"What's wrong Billy?\" \"Ugh, nothing, I think I just got sick.\" \"Oh, well they have these little bags you can use. See?\" \"I know. Thanks, but I think I might just need to use the bathroom.\" Billy starts to stand up, when the stewardess runs over. \"I'm sorry sir, but you have to remain seated till the captain removes the seat belt sign.\" Billy nods with a frown and sits back down. Kate leans over to him. \"Are you sure everything is alright?\" \"Yea, I, I just.. I have a bad feeling.\" Below the balls of fur are already taking shape. There are six of them all together and they begin to look more and more like exact clones of Gizmo. All for one that stood out from the rest. His eyes were red. His face was pale and a gaping large grin took up the majority of his face and at the corner of his mouth, a prominent sharp tooth. Immediately this Sharp Toothed Mogwai takes lead over the other five. The room is filled with hysteric squeaks and loud giggles of laughter. Sharp Tooth walks up to the other Mogwai and slaps them to attention. They stand their intimidated and confused. Sharp tooth points over to Gizmo and growls. The others stare and rub their hands together. Up above finally the fasten seat belt light switches off. Billy quickly unbuckles himself and make his way through the aisle being stopped by his father. \"Oh hey, Billy boy! Can you see if the stewardess has any of those little mini bottles of whiskey or whatever they are?\" \"Yea, sure dad. I'll see.\" \"Good, good.\" Billy finally makes his way into the bathrooms in the back of the plane and begins to wash his face using the sink. Just below him Sharp Tooth and the others are tying gizmos hands together using shoe laces. Then they carry him over to a large duffel bag and throw him inside. They laugh loudly as they zip up the bag. One of the Goofball looking Mogwai with crazy bobbley eyes, notices the large crate of fish and begins to lick his lips. He points up at the crate and shouts loudly in a squeaky voice. \"Fooood! Hahahehe.\" Soon all of the Mogwai are staring up at the crate \"Foood!\" They topple over each other trying get to the crate. Eventually knocking it over sending fish all over the place. All at once they start chowing down. Eating the fish whole leaving only the boney skeleton behind. \"Yum yum, buuurp!\" Sharp Tooth exclaimed throwing the last of the fish bones at Goofball knocking him over. The others laugh and point at Goofball who's eyes are rolling like a slot machine. \"Hahahahahe.\" Sharp tooth snickers. Then he turns his attention to a nearby shaft. Just up above Billy finally feels calm enough to return to his seat. \"Are you okay Billy? Your not looking too well.\" Kate says looking concerned. \"I'm okay, I'm okay. Just nerves I guess.\" Suddenly Billy feels a tapping on his shoulder that startles him. \"Uggh!\" It's his father standing over him eating peanuts in one hand and drinking a mini alcohol bottle in the other. \"What's wrong Billy boy. Getting a little air sick?\" \"No dad. I'm just fine.\" \"No no. you are. I can tell. Here take some of these.\" Randall pushes a handful of mini bottles into Billy's lap. \"They will help out a lot son. Trust me. I use it all the time.\" \"Thanks pop.\" Billy says as his father starts to stumble away. Billy turns to Kate and asks. \"Ha, can you believe that?\" \"Actually it might not be such a bad idea. It could help you relax and we've got a long trip ahead of us.\" \"Are you serious?\" \"Hey, look at the alternative. You either drink, relax, maybe pass out or you stay awake miserable the whole flight!\" \"Uh,\" Billy says looking down in his lap at the bottles then back up at Kate. \"Alright you convinced me.\" \"Haha, good.\" Once again they embrace for a moment and give each other a kiss. Then immediately Billy downs a bottle and turns on the air vents, but nothing. \"Huh, that's weird. I guess it's broken.\" Meanwhile just through the vents the six Mogwai have broken the a/c and formed into cocoons. The heat from the broken a/c has speed up their metamorphoses phase as they are already beginning to hatch. A cocoon bursts open billowing out steam revealing red evil looking eyes and a sinister looking grin as well as one shiny, deadly looking, sharp tooth. End Chapter 1 Sorry It's taken me awhile to post any new stories. I hope you had as much fun reading as I did writing. Please leave a comment/favorite. Id love to hear some positive feedback. ","Summary":" Gremlins Jet Lagged The snow is coming down hard in Kingston Falls. It's such a hassle that the who"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins - Abracadabra!","Author":"Sarah Vilela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12834526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New York Street - 8:20 p.m. Narrator: Oh, one more quiet night... Cars, bikes, bikes, taxis, buses and trucks are rushing through the streets... Billy and Kate, of course they're coming back from the supermarket. Billy Peltzer: We came back from the supermarket, Kate... After so many purchases... we got what we wanted with a lot of speed and a lot of sweat... Kate Peltzer: And good that it's not midnight... Otherwise, our mogwai will become Gremlin. Billy Peltzer: And we bought enough food for dinner... to feed an entire family for a week or two. Kate Peltzer: That's right... And we'll be back in a few minutes to eat! Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 8:30 p.m. Gizmo: (playing Subway Surfers in your phone) Run, run, run... Avoid the trains... Much caution... Billy Peltzer: Gizmo, we're here! Kate Peltzer: We came back from the supermarket! We buy everything we want, including cheese breads, bacon and grapes! Gizmo: You finally arrived... Why did you take so long? Billy Peltzer: It's because we think a lot to buy the lowest prices... Otherwise, we would not have enough money! Gizmo: Yeah. And so, did you buy blueberries, as I asked? Billy Peltzer: Unfortunately, we do not buy blackberries... But fortunately, we bought strawberries! Gizmo: Anyway... the strawberries are good too! Billy Peltzer: While I cut the strawberries, watch TV! Gizmo: All right... And that's what I'll do! (pick up the TV remote control and press \"play\" to turn it on) Kate Peltzer: Gizmo, have you found some interesting show for us... But what are you watching? Gizmo: A magic show. This seems interesting... (he lets Kate sit next to him) Starlight Magician: Respectable audience... Ladies and gentleman... Boys and girls... Brothers and sisters... Fathers and mothers... Uncles and aunts... With you, the magician Starlight! Kate Peltzer: This seems interesting... What will be the magic tricks? Starlight Magician: With you, the first magic trick tonight... the trick of being buried alive! Kate Peltzer: Oh my god! The magician is going to be buried alive! Gizmo: Will it work? Starlight Magician: And now, I will enter this coffin and my assistants will bind me with leather bands and close the coffin with nails! Billy Peltzer: The strawberries are in the bowl, Gizmo... But what are you watching? Gizmo: The magic show of the magician Starlight! Billy Peltzer: This seems interesting... Kate Peltzer: And we are in the part where the magician will be buried alive. Starlight Magician's Theater - 8:45 p.m. Audience: Hurray! Hurray! Three cheers for Starlight Magician! Starlight Magician: Thank you! Thank you! And now... the trick of making the pigeons disappear! Audience: Hurray! Hurray! Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 9:00 p.m. Gizmo: Wow... the magician Starlight is good at doing magic and illusion! (all of a sudden a gutter falls on the Gizmo's fur, making him moan) Gizmo: (moaning) No... no... nooo... (five new mogwai originated near the sofa) Billy Peltzer: Oh my god! How did you get wet, Gizmo? Kate Peltzer: If I'm not mistaken, he got wet in the gutter of the ceiling! Billy Peltzer: Must be because of the heavy rains... It rained so much when we prepared for the supermarket! And when we finished our shopping, the rain stopped! (the new mogwai went towards the last room) Billy Peltzer: Honey... What do you think they're going to do in the last room? Kate Peltzer: I think they'll relax on the mattresses... besides jumping a lot in them... Billy Peltzer: Looks like we're in trouble... Let's brush our teeth and sleep... And I just took a shower. Kate Peltzer: That's it. And let's protect our mogwai, too. Gizmo: Yeah. Starlight Magician's Theater - 11:00 p.m. Starlight Magician: For today it's just, people! Thank you so much for watching our show and have a good night! Assistants: Goodbye, ladies and gentlemen! Audience: Goodbye, Starlight! Starlight Magician: Goodnight to everyone! Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 12:00 a.m. New mogwai: Yummy... yummy... (eating apples of the basket) (the new mogwai eats after midnight and some seconds later, they're turned into cocoons) Billy and Gizmo: Zzzzz... Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 2:00 a.m. (the cocoons starts to hatch and become Gremlins) Gremlins: Hahahahaha! (the Gremlins jumped out the window and went into the warehouse.) Gremlins: Let's begin... our fun! New York Street - 2:10 a.m. (the Gremlins invaded the streets and entered the Starlight Magician's theater.) Starlight Magician's Theater - 2:20 a.m. (the Gremlins entered the dressing room and stole the magical kit from the magician Starlight.) Gremlins: Hahahahahaha! (a Gremlin dressed as magician with magic wand appeared in front of the theater.) Magician Gremlin: Hahahahaha! And now, humans... Feel my amazing magic! (and so, the Magician Gremlin uses your wand to turning the cards on the table into giant cards, planes into giant pigeons, and buses into giant rabbits.) Billy and Gizmo's New York Apartment - 2:25 a.m. Billy Peltzer: Oh... oh... I can't sleep with these strange grunts out there... Gizmo: Me neither... Billy Peltzer: It must be an invasion of Gremlins on the streets... Gizmo: I also think... Billy Peltzer: I'll open the shutter to see what's happening... (opening the shutter, Billy does not believe what he sees. The Magic Gremlin was spreading his magic all around and dancing in the streets.) Billy Peltzer: Wow, I do not believe what I see! A Gremlin dressed as a magician dropping his magic everywhere! Gizmo: Oh, here we go again... Kate Peltzer: What is it, dear? What is the problem? Billy Peltzer: The Gremlins are loose again! And this time, there's a Gremlin dressed as a magician dropping his magic everywhere! Gizmo: Everything seems to be lost... Kate Peltzer: Guys, let's not let the city be overrun by an army of Gremlins! You want it all to end in a terrible catastrophe? Billy Peltzer: No! I don't want everything to end in disaster! Gizmo: Me neither! Kate Peltzer: So let's get ready to fight these invading monsters in New York City! Billy Peltzer: Yeah! That's the way it is! Gizmo: For we will not give up our adventures! New York Street - 2:30 a.m. (Billy carries the box with Gizmo inside while Kate holds a tool chest) Billy Peltzer: Let's go... put an end to the Gremlins who live invading streets. Kate Peltzer: Good thing I brought the toolbox, and inside it has the tools... including a machete! Billy Peltzer: In fact... united will win! Gizmo: Billy, I got a bad feeling... Billy Peltzer: But how come? Is there some Gremlin in the middle of the road? Gizmo: Yeah... According to the strange grunts I hear. Kate Peltzer: I agree, Gizmo. We have to stop these Gremlins once and for all! Billy Peltzer: I just hope there's no Gremlin trying to catch us by surprise with deadly weapons and... Billy, Kate and Gizmo: Oooh! Magician Gremlin: I am the Magician Gremlin, and I'm going to throw my magic at you! Billy Peltzer: What is happening here? Why do not you use your magic to stop this Gremlin? Starlight Magician: Firstly, it's because I'm not with my magic kit! And secondly, this horrible monster stole this kit, and ruined everything he saw ahead! Magician Gremlin: You may even try to detonate me, but I'm so strong that anyone! Hahahahaha! You will never win! Gizmo: Oh yeah? I'll chase you away with those arrows of fire! (and so, Gizmo picks up a box of matches, lights the end of one of the arrows, and shoots up.) Gizmo: So, what do you think? Magician Gremlin: Not bad... But what else can you do to me? Gizmo: I'll shoot a arrow of fire at you! (Gizmo attempts to shoot a second arrow of fire in Magician Gremlin, but he swerves quickly) Magician Gremlin: Are you sure you can stop me? (picks up a pendulum from the magic kit) You're tired... very tired... your palpaces are heavy... Gizmo: (hypnotized, dropping the bow and arrows) Oooh... Billy Peltzer: Oh no! Gizmo! Gizmo: (still hypnotized) I need to... control myself... Kate Peltzer: Hey! Stop this! Magician Gremlin: Huh? Kate Peltzer: Put our mogwai down, your miserable Gremlin son-of-a-bitch! Magician Gremlin: Oh yeah? You're not match for my magic tricks! Billy Peltzer: Sorry to break your act, but... let's get going! Magician Gremlin: Hahahahaha! You will not stop me! (he uses his wand to trap Kate in a saw-a-half box) Kate Peltzer: Oh no! Billy Peltzer: Kate! Kate Peltzer: Billy! Billy Peltzer: It will not look like this! For you will have what you deserve! Magician Gremlin: Oh yeah? Take that! (he used his magic wand to handcuff Billy's hands behind his back. Then he makes the poor guy float upside down and dive headfirst into a water tank.) Billy Peltzer: Oh (glub) no! (the curtain went up around the tank) Kate Peltzer: Billy! (seeing Billy in water tank) (the \"audience\" of the Magician Gremlin felt very desperate because of the situations in which the trio was: Kate was in a sawing box in the middle, Billy was handcuffed and dipped in a water tank and Gizmo was hypnotized. Meanwhile, the sorceress Felicia, after spying everything on his broom, left flying and hid behind a post) Felicia: (thinking) Oh no! It seems my friends are in serious trouble! Crowd: Ooooh! Magician Gremlin: Gizmo... caca! Felicia: (thinking) And it looks like Gizmo will be in danger of hitting his boots! Magician Gremlin: And now, Gizmo... time to grand finale! (he reaches into one sleeve and pulls out a string of handkerchiefs tied together. Onlookers gasp in fear and shock, and he lashes out with the rope and snags the hypnotized mogwai, wrapping him many times around. He pulls him in as if playing with a yo-yo, ready to end his life) Marla Bloodstone: (feeling a tightening in the heart) I think that's the end... for us. Magician Gremlin: Now you meet your doom! (he pulls back for a throw, and the camera pans quickly down the street to show an Iron Maiden standing open at a distance) Felicia: (thinking) Oh my god! I need to act fast, before it's too late! (he lets fly with Gizmo, and the camera follows as he sails toward the sarcophagus. He comes to a stop with little room to spare before hitting the spikes and is yanked back as the camera follows. Magician Gremlin goes for another throw, and this time he stops with an even thinner margin. Cut to his hand as he snaps back into it, then follow him on one more fling. Still hiding behind the pole, Felicia prepared to use the magic in the main trio, which is in trouble. In releasing the magic, the three were bathed in a golden light. The onlookers gasp in disbelief just before he hurtles into the spikes and the lid of the Iron Maiden slams shut on him. The case falls flat on the pavement. It looks as if Magician Gremlin had killed Gizmo) Narrator: Oh no! Our favorite mogwai from North America is gone forever! And now the whole city of New York is in the hands of the evil Magician Greml- (Magician Gremlin was surrounded by a bright light) But wait, there's more? What lights are these? Magician Gremlin: (still surrounded by bright light) But... what is this? What's happening to me? No! No! No! No! No! NOOOOO! (and then, he explodes and melts into goo) Felicia: (muttering) Well, I gave a lesson in this invasion of Gremlins... But what about my friends? Gizmo: (stunned, near the Iron Maiden) Oh... my head... It was a magic and so much... Felicia: Gizmo! Thank God, you're alive! Gizmo: You're welcome! Felicia: Are you okay, Gizmo? Gizmo: More or less... Did you let go of this strange magic to save us? Felicia: Yes, it was me. I did it hidden so I would not be noticed by this crazy Gremlin! If I did not make it in time... it was once a mogwai. Gizmo: Good. So, let's save the others! (She gets down to the business of freeing her friends, holding Gizmo inside a box. First she looks for the water tank and pulled the curtain that was around it. Pulling it, she realized Billy was not inside the tank. Surprised, she tosses it aside and flies over to Kate. The saw-in-half box has now had exactly that done to it, and the two halves have been separated. She looks at Kate's head, then at the other half—which has a pair of wiggling feet poking out of it. Pushing the halves together, she opens the head end and Kate leaps out in one piece. She looks herself over to make sure everything is there, and the two smile at one another. Kate's expression quickly changes to one of alarm; she points at the other end of the box, where the feet are still wiggling. They both walk to this, exchange a quick glance, and open its doors. Billy pops out, also completely intact.) Crowd: Yaaay! Marla Bloodstone: Hurray! How did you do it? Billy Peltzer: It's magic, silly! Kate Peltzer: Our friendly witch saved us this magical nightmare! Gizmo: If it were not for our friend sorceress... we would be nothing but bloody corpses! (yamning) Felicia: All thanks to me for ransom! So... good night, friends! (yawning and flying on his broom) Billy and Kate: Goodbye, Felicia! Good night! (Billy found on the ground the magic wand and the magic kit of the magical Starlight) Billy Peltzer: Here is your magic kit, Starlight Magician! Starlight Magician: Thanks, friend! But what is your name? Billy Peltzer: My name is Billy Peltzer! (referring to Kate) This is my wife, Kate Peltzer! Kate Peltzer: (waving) Hello, Starlight Magician! Billy Peltzer: (holding Gizmo's box) And this is my second pet, the mogwai Gizmo! Gizmo: Zzzzz... (sleeping on your box) Starlight Magician: What are the Mogwais like? Billy Peltzer: The Mogwais are a race of small, furry, rodent-like creatures, koala-like creatures and sometimes primate-like creatures with big ears and three stubby fingers and toes. But there are three very important rules for caring for a Mogwai. 1. Don't put it near light, especially sunlight, it can kill them. 2. Don't let it get wet with water nor give it any water to drink nor bathe it. 3. No matter how much it cries or begs, NEVER feed it after midnight. Starlight Magician: What are the consequences by rule broken? Billy Peltzer: If Mogwais gets wet, they begin to multiply, leaving acorns back, similar to eggs. The Mogwais don't like the strong light, because it irritates them. Sunlight can kill them! The consequence of the third rule is the most horrible of all: if the Mogwais feed themselves after midnight, they turns into cocoon, undergoing a metamorphosis, transforming into Gremlins. Starlight Magician: How do you know these things? Billy Peltzer: My dad gave me this Mogwai for Christmas when I was 19, and he told me about those rules, as the old Chinese salesman grandson told to him. Kate Peltzer: The rules were not followed, but... Gizmo was never in front of the sunlight and never fed after midnight. Starlight Magician: And what are the Gremlins like? Billy Peltzer: Gremlins are devilish creatures, who have a sinister and devilish laugh. With their intelligence, they destroy homes and shops, cause fires, explosions, traffic accidents, kill people and terrorize cities. Although they destroy everything they see ahead, they are a little funny. Gremlins also multiply with water and also don't like strong light. Sunlight can kill them too. Starlight Magician: Ah... So I already know how this monster came along besides stealing my magic kit! Billy Peltzer: Glad it turned out well... Kate Peltzer: I think so too, dear... Now that's enough! Let's go back to our apartment before we get in any more trouble! Billy Peltzer: Okay... Goodbye! Good night, magician Starlight! Starlight Magician: Good evening to all of you, ladies and gentlemen! Narrator: And so it was another dawn with a happy ending and... a melted magician. Thanks to Billy, Kate and Gizmo! And also by the sorceress Felicia! THE END ","Summary":" New York Street - 8:20 p.m. Narrator: Oh, one more quiet night... Cars, bikes, bikes, taxis, buses "},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"The Gremlins in 30 Lines!","Author":"jennifer snape","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3126058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A spoof of The Gremlins. ---------- --------------- The Gremlins in 30 Lines! --------------- ----------- Mr.nPelzer: \"Can I buy that strange, unidentified creature andnintroduce it to a foreign environment and then spend the rest of mynlife dealing with the unpredictable repercussions that are bound tonfollow?\" Old mann(incredulously): \"Why on earth would you want to do that?\" Mr.nPelzer: \"Christmas present for my son.\" Old mann(nodding): \"Oh, now I understand. But NO! It's not for sale!\" A fewnminutes later, in a dark, deserted street, the old man's grandsonnhands Mr. Pelzer the Mogwai. Fortunately, because they are in a dark,ndeserted street, it is the last place in which anyone expects a dodgyndeal to occur. Boy:n\"Don't let the creature see bright light, get wet, or - \" A carndrives past very noisily. Mr.nPelzer: \"Sorry? What was that last thing?\" Boy:n\"Under no circumstances must you EVER - \" Annelephant thunders past, drowning out the little boy's voice. Mr. Pelzern(again): \"Sorry?\" Boyn(rolling his eyes): \"DON'T LET THEM EAT AFTER MIDNIGHT!\" Mr.nPelzer: \"Sorry?\" Boyn(exasperated): \"Look, I'll write it down for you.\" He scribblesnon a piece of paper and hands it to the man. Mr.nPelzer: \"Thank you.\" The boynleaves. Mr.nPelzer: \"Wait a second - what was that last thing again?\" Too late,nthe boy has gone…. Mr. Pelzer looks at the piece of paper that thenboy gave him. It says, very clearly: DON'TnLET THE CREATURE EAT AFTER MIDNIGHT OR IT WILL DESTROY EVERYTHINGnWITHIN A 250 MILE RADIUS. Mr.nPelzer: \"Oh dear, I wonder what this cryptic code could mean.nPerhaps my son will understand.\" -------------- -------------- The nextnmorning…. Mr. Pelzern(excitedly): \"Son! You'll never guess what I've got you fornChristmas!\" Billy:n\"Does it have anything to do with that strange creature that Infound in your car and gave a bath to, took a photograph of, and fednthat giant takeaway to after midnight?\" Mr.nPelzer: \" Oh bugger .\" -------- -------- Heheheeeee! Hope younliked it!! ----------- Here'snhow the heartache could have been prevented (rewind to thenbeginning): --------- Mr.nPelzer: \"Can I buy that strange creature for my son?\" Old man:n\"No.\" Mr.nPelzer: \"Please?\" Old man:n\"No.\" Mr.nPelzer: \"OK.\" He buys anCD for his son instead. Everyone continues with their lives as usual. The End -------- Ah, what anmissed opportunity. ","Summary":" A spoof of The Gremlins. ---------- --------------- The Gremlins in 30 Lines! --------------- -----"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins Halloween Mayhem","Author":"FictionMan23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3520129","Passage":"[Chapter 1] GremlinsrnHalloween Mayhem Whatrnhappens when somebody buys Gizmo and doesn't know any of the rules.rnMayhem my friends Absolute Mayhem. Itrnwas October 23rdrn1987 on a dark night Jim Johnson got out of his car and made his wayrnto a little Pet Shop on the corner of main street. As he went up tornthe window it seemed that the Pet Store owner was about to close uprnfor the night. Jim Johnson ran into the store. \"Excusernme I was wondering if you had any good pets for a little girl\" Mr.rnJoe Johnson ask \"Irnam sorry sir but you see we are closing up for the night I can notrnhelp you tonight. Maybe if you come back tomorrow we can help yournthere.\" The employee told him. \"OhrnPlease I am begging you. You see it is my Daughter's birthdayrntomorrow and I thought I could surprise her with a present. Can Irnjust have a look around I promise I won't take long.\" Mr. JohnsonrnAsked \"AlrightrnI'll give you a couple of min but that's all you got that? Thernemployee told him \"Yesrnthat will be plenty of time thank you\" Said Mr. Johnson JoernJohnson already had in mind what he was going to get his daughterrnNancy for her birthday because she obviously had asked for a cat forrnher birthday. As Mr Joe Johnson was looking around he heard thernweirdest sound. It sounded like somebody was humming. He went allrnover the store trying to find the source of the humming. He finallyrnfound cage which seemed to hold the weirdest creature he had everrnseen. \"Excusernme Sir but can I ask what exactly is this Creature here\" JoernJohnson asked. ThernEmployee came up to him and saw what Mr. Johnson was asking about \"Ohrnwell you see that is actually a very interesting question because Irnactually don't know what this creature is called. You see a guyrncame in here last night and gave me the creature for like 50 bucksrnand he just liked to be rid of it. So if you want to buy it I willrnsell you it for 50 bucks. Mr.rnJohnson ponder this after all his daughter did want a Kitty Cat forrnher birthday but he thought this creature might be the cutest littlernthing for her. \"OkrnI'll take it.\" Mr Johnson said Hernpulled out his Billfold and paid the man 50 bucks. Just before Mr.rnJohnson left he asked the clerk \"Dornyou know what these thing eats?\" \"Wellrnthe man didn't really say anything but he said the creature'srnname used to be Gizmo and he also said if you know what's good forrnyou do not and he repeated this do not feed this creature afterrnMidnight.\" The Employee told him \"That'srnall he said?\"Mr. Johnson asked \"YesrnI thought the guy was crazy myself so I just assume that the creaturernwill eat anything.\" The Employee told him MrrnJohnson thanked the man and grabbed the cage by the handle and letrnhimself out the door. He had a strange feeling that there was more tornthe creature than met the eye. However he seemed to ignore hisrnfeeling and put the creature in the car and drove away. TOrnBE CONTINUED. ","Summary":" GremlinsrnHalloween Mayhem Whatrnhappens when somebody buys Gizmo and doesn't know any of the rules"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"POEMS OF AGONY","Author":"the red imp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3189463","Passage":"[Chapter 1] POEMS OFnAGONY Little Johnnynran to school Untiednshoelaces the little fool Trippednand landed on a skate Hisnhead now lies on a plate Wasnit really worth the wait? Hisnbodies on a sewer grate Sonnow Johnny will be late Becausenof his untimely fate LittlenSusie in the chair Didnit on a simple dare Increasenthe current, flip the switch Hernfriends did it without a hitch Andnnow we have chicken, pork… what's that ew ItsnSusie on the barbecue Passnthe liver, don't hog the spleen Anstatement that classifies as cruel and mean Teacher,nteacher on the street Fellnover little Johnny's seat Andnnow a car is speeding Itsnmovement isn't impeding Andnthe teacher is leading Onnthe road to a savage beating Nownhis body lies in two Thentruck inside him Stuck like glue Andnonly the only dead are very few Andnthey are Johnny, Susie and teacher too ","Summary":" POEMS OFnAGONY Little Johnnynran to school Untiednshoelaces the little fool Trippednand landed on a"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"the new beginning","Author":"bunnyragit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3411151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gremlinsn3.The new beginning. Gizmonwas in Billy's room playing darkstone on his computer and eatingnsome popcorn when Billy returned from his job at a film company.nBilly's part was to operate and fix the lighting and cameras. Gizmonhad been with Billy for quite a while and had been no trouble but thenthing is the three rules that were meant to be kept were always somenhow broken. Twice gizmo had gotten wet and had multiplied in number,ntwice these new creatures had been given food after midnight andnreeked havoc and destruction. The third led them to there death asnthey were exposed to sun light and melted away but as for Gizmo henhad been kept safe because he was different to the others and wasnkind and good and wished to stay a mogwie not a Gremlin. \" Giznare you here?\" Billy called up. \" AyenBilly.\" Gizmo replied. Billyntook his coat and bag of and went up stairs to Gizmo. Gizmo wasnabsorbed in his game and popcorn when Billy reached his room. \" OnGiz you having fun there.\" Billy said smiling. \" BOOM,,,,,nBOOM!\" Was his reply. Laternthat evening Billy was called out again on urgent business. He madenhim some quick sandwich's before he went. Gizmo went down stairs tonlook in the computer game closet to find a new game to play. He foundnone (tomb raider.) And went into the kitchen to get some cookies. Asnhe took them of the shelf he knocked over a glass of water witchnBilly had left. The glass smashed on the floor while its contentsnfell on Gizmo. Gizmo began to wriggle and kick his legs. A giant furnball popped of him like a bullet. Four others closely followed it.nThey began to get bigger and grow ears, arms, legs, eyes, a noise andna mouth. They sat up and looked around them in a bewildered manure.nGizmo looked unhappy and alone among the new mogwie. The all lookednat Gizmo in an evil way and smiled at him wickedly. WhennBilly got back he heard the sound of his lamp braking. He rushed upnstairs to see what was going on in his room. When he entered he sawnthat his room had been tipped upside down and all his positions onnthe floor, some in pieces. \" Giznwere are you?\" Billy called. Ansmall scream was his answer and he saw why. Gizmo was strapped to hisnfan and it had been turned on at its full rate. The small mogwie wasnspinning round and round screaming. \" OnGiz are you ok.\" Billy said turning of the fan and untying hisnsmall friend from the blade of it. \" Ondear.\" Said Gizmo. \" What'snwrong pal?\" Billy asked. \" More,nmore.\" Replied Gizmo. Billynlooked on his bedside table and saw the five new mogwie laughing andnthrowing popcorn around the room. They stopped as they saw Billynlooking at them and sat silent and still. Billy moved towards thentable and they moved back. The leader stood in front of the group.nBilly reached out to stroke the mogwie on the head but as he did itnbit his finger. The leader stuck his tongue out at Gizmo. Gizmo wasnworried that these new mogwie would feed after midnight and becomenhis worst fears. Thatnnight Billy made sure that the clock was still connected up as thenfirst set of mogwie he had, had cut it of. Gizmo watched them play angame of pinball on the floor while he read a comic that Billy hadnmade. The leader looked up at Gizmo in a disapproving way that madenGizmo feel uncomfortable. Billy came in a sat on the bed next tonGizmo. The telly was on and they cuddled up together to watch it.nThey fell asleep with in minuets. The other mogwie were still a wakenand were not planning to go to sleep. They went down stairs into thenkitchen and raided the fridge. The second rule had been broken. Thenmogwie had eaten after midnight. Innthe morning Billy and Gizmo went down stairs to find five cocoons innthe kitchen. \" Onno.\" Said Billy. \" Ondear.\" Gizmo said. Thenroom was filled in smoke and it smelt like burnt chicken. The windowsnwere steamed up. There was food all over the floor. Gizmo lay back innBilly's arms. \" Itsnall right Giz.\" Billy said comforting Gizmo. Theynwalked through the cocoons into the living room. It was still dirtynfrom last night and they found it hard to sit down. Billy cleared thenmess up after they had, had dinner. The room looked neater andncleaner than if had done before in years. The kitchen was still anmess. The mogwie had not hatched yet and there wasn't much thatnthey could do to clean the kitchen up until they had. They had tonwait until the sixth hour of the day. They sat together watching thenclock. The hours ticked by and not a stir in any of the cocoons. Sixno clock came and went and one of the cocoons stared to move. Thenothers joined it. They cracked open and two green slime hands camenout of each of the cocoons. The leader was the first to come out ofnits cocoon. He went to the other cocoons to see if they were gettingnany were near ready to come out. As he past the third one it crackednopen. The rest followed after. Billynand Gizmo had fallen asleep waited for the first stair and had justnwoken up. They walked into the kitchen to find the cocoons empty andnthe gremlins gone. \" Onboy Giz were do you think they went?\" Billy asked. \" Donknow.\" Gizmo replied. \" Menneither.\" Billy said looking around the room for a sight of a handnor foot. Thentwo of them went quietly and carefully out of the house into thenfront yard. Still there was no sight of them. \" Werencould they have gotten to.\" Billy said. Gizmonshrugged. He didn't know were they would have gone to unless it hadnsomething to do with water or food. The best place to go to find bothnof these things would be the swimming centre. They decided to go andncheck there just in case. They weren't there to there dismay. \" Therennot here.\" Said Billy in a low tone. \" Ondear.\" said Gizmo. \" Whatnis it Gizmo.\" Billy asked him curiously. Henlooked around him to see if there was anything he had missed. Butnthere wasn't. Billy didn't understand what Gizmo was worriednabout and then he saw what. A track of green wet footprints. \" Theynhave been hear then hay Giz.\" Billy said to the small creature. \" Unhuh.\" Gizmo said. \" Letsnfollow them.\" Billy said starting to walk out of the swimmingncentre. Theyngot outside and into the garden at the back to the gate were thenfootprints began to fade and then stop. \" Onno they've stopped.\" Billy cried. \" Onno not good.\" Gizmo said. Theynwent outside and walked dismally back to the flat. \" Werendid they go to Giz.\" Said Billy. \" Indon't know.\" Gizmo said puzzled. \" OnWell we should find them in the morning.\" Billy said. Theynwalked through the door to the flat and found two of the gremlins innthe kitchen. \" GizmonI think we found two of them.\" Billy whispered. \" Unhuh.\" Said Gizmo. Thengremlins were throwing food around the kitchen as they joked. \" Whatnwe do, what we do?\" Gizmo asked. \" Indon't know gizmo buddy.\" Said Billy. Theynwalked a little further into the kitchen. One of the gremlins spottednthem and herald a sharp kitchen knife at them. \" Billynduck, duck!\" cried Gizmo. Billynducked quickly out of the way of the knife further into the room.nBilly grabbed the gremlin by the feet and flung him out of thenwindow. The other gremlin grabbed Billy's hair. Billy grabbed it bynthe head and flung it out the window after the other one. He shut thenwindow and blotted it before the re-entered the house. \" ThanksnGiz that was close.\" Billy said patting Gizmo on the head. Theyndecided to check the rest of the house but found no more of thengremlins lurking about \" We'llnhave to wait until morning.\" Billy said. \" Unhu.\" Said Gizmo. Thennext morning Billy woke to the sound of smashing plates and cutlery.nHe rushed down stairs to see what was going on. In the living roomnwere two more gremlins sitting enjoying themselves. Billy rushed backnupstairs to fetch Gizmo. He put Gizmo into his bag and he carefullyncreped back downstairs. ","Summary":" Gremlinsn3.The new beginning. Gizmonwas in Billy's room playing darkstone on his computer and eatin"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlin Major League","Author":"Qille","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7137533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm still working on all my other fics, I promise. I just HAD to write this! It's been stuck in my head since I went on vacation! Enjoy. =) Sorry for the lame title. Gremlin Major League The sun slowly set behind the horizon. A peaceful darkness fell over the countryside with only the full moon for light. However, it wasn't peaceful for very long... A loud laughter rang through the darkness. Then, out of a small shack in the corner of an abandon baseball field came a large group of Gremlins. They went over to a large trash bin next to the shack. Inside were 18 blue and red jerseys and hats; 9 of each. Half of the Gremlins put on blue jerseys and hats, while the others put on red. Around the edge of the field, more Gremlins with flags, foam fingers, cowbells, and guns swarmed in and took seats in the stands. Some of the hard-core Gremlins painted their faces red or blue to match the team they favored. The two teams of Gremlins split up, each one taking their own dugout. Inside the dugout, they all found baseball bats and gloves, custom designed to be Gremlin sized. The two teams began to warm up as the coaches of the teams walked to home plate. They stood glaring at each other until a tall Gremlin with glasses, a black-and-white striped shirt, and a slight limp came up to them. \"Alright, gentlemen,\" said Brain, adjusting his glasses, \"it's a beautiful cloudless night, so let's get this game started. I want a fair game. Cheating, arguing, sabotaging, and assaulting the fans is encouraged, though it will lead to instant death. I'll be the umpire and Sparky will be the field judge.\" Brain gestured to a Gremlin who had just arrived. This Gremlin, Sparky, also had a black-and-white striped shirt, covering his heavily scarred back. He also had electric blue eyes; a side effect from what happened in New York a few weeks ago. \"Argue with the call we make, and I'll fry you to a crisp,\" snarled Sparky, looking at the two coaches. Neither of them met his electric glare. \"Do we have an understanding of how this game will be played?\" asked Brain. Both coaches nodded. \"Good,\" said Brain. \"Now shake on it and we'll get this game started!\" The coaches spit into their hands and shook. After that, they each stepped back and wiped their hands off. The coach of the blue team looked at Brain. \"So who gets to bat first?\" Brain looked at Sparky, and Sparky said, \"Red team.\" \"What? Why?\" demanded the blue coach. \"Well, normally blue would bat first since blue is my favorite color, but tonight, the red team has more fans. So they bat first.\" \"But that's not fair!\" \"Are you... arguing with me?\" asked Sparky. His eyes started glowing bright blue and he rubbed his hands together. A couple arcs of electricity jumped across his hands and a sly smile crept onto his face. \"N-n-no, i-it was just a q-question!\" stammered the coach, backing away. \"Excellent,\" said Sparky. The arcs of electricity disappeared and his eyes stopped glowing. \"Alright, back to your dugouts!\" exclaimed Brain. Both coaches scampered away, back to their teams. \"I hope they start cheating early,\" Sparky said to Brain. \"I really gotta fry something.\" \"Just... take it easy with electrocuting people,\" said Brain. \"I've been on the other end of the spark, and trust me, it sucks.\" \"Don't remind me of that,\" muttered Sparky. \"I don't wanna remember that either,\" muttered Brain. He straightened his glasses. \"Alright, let's get this game started!\" xxx \"BATTER UP!\" shouted Brain as he adjusted his helmet. The crowd of Gremlins on the sideline started cheering and hooting, waving their flags and ringing their bells. One of them shot off a gun a couple times. A Gremlin from the red team ran out of the dugout and to home plate. He took up a batter stance. The Gremlin from the blue team standing on the pitcher's mound spit into the dirt. He then pitched the ball as hard as he could. The ball hit the catcher's glove with a solid thunk. \"STRIKE!\" shouted Brain. The blue team cheered and the red team hissed. The pitcher threw the ball again, and the Gremlin batting hit the ball. He dropped the bat and ran for first base. The Gremlin the ball was hit to caught it and threw it to first. The Gremlin on the blue team playing first caught it and tagged the base before the one running got there. \"OUT!\" called Sparky as the red Gremlin crossed the base. \"Yes!\" exclaimed the blue Gremlin at first base. He turned around and clubbed the red Gremlin in the head with the ball, knocking him out. \" Now he's out,\" said Sparky. A couple Gremlins from the red team ran onto the field and dragged their unconscious teammate back into the dugout. Another Gremlin came up to bat. The red Gremlin hit the first ball thrown. He made it to first base long before the ball got there. \"SAFE!\" yelled Sparky. The next Gremlin came up to bat. He missed the ball completely, but the catcher also missed it. \"STEAL SECOND! STEAL SECOND!\" the red coach shouted to the Gremlin on first. The Gremlin took off towards second. The catcher scrambled to get the ball, but he couldn't see through his face mask. The other Gremlin made it to second... and he grabbed the base and started to run off with it. \"Hey, he's stealing second!\" said one of the outfielders. Another outfielder looked over at the Gremlin with the base clutched tightly in his hands. He pulled out a gun and nonchalantly shot the base-stealing Gremlin. All the Gremlins on the sideline started cheering and laughing. Sparky walked out to the outfield and picked up the base. As he walked back, he looked at the dead Gremlin. \"YO GADGET! WE GOT A DROPPER!\" Sparky shouted. A small truck-like machine hooked up to the bin next to the shack started up. The truck, which looked like a miniature garbage truck, rumbled forward onto the field. The driver pulled up next to the dead Gremlin and used the claw on the side of the truck to lift it's body into the bin. The driver pulled the truck over to the side of the field, next to the stands. The driver door opened and a Mogwai, Gadget, stepped out. He gave Sparky a thumbs-up, and the game continued. Sparky returned the base to it's original position and gave Brain a thumbs-up. \"PLAY BALL!\" Brain shouted again. Another Gremlin came up to bat. He hit the ball and started running. The Gremlin playing first base caught the ball and tagged the base only a second before the running Gremlin got there. \"OUT!\" shouted Sparky. \"I wasn't out!\" exclaimed the flustered Gremlin. \"I was totally safe! Maybe you should borrow your friend's glasses if you couldn't see that!\" Sparky smiled a bit and his eyes started glowing with electricity again. He quickly reached out and grabbed the Gremlin's neck. Sparky's arm turned into jagged arcs of electricity, and the Gremlin in his grasp got electrocuted. He fell on the ground convulsing and melting. Gadget's truck zoomed forward and scooped up what was left of the Gremlin, putting it into the bin. None of them noticed a Gremlin from the red team sneaking in and out of the blue team dugout. \"That's three outs!\" announced Brain. \"Blue team up to bat!\" The blue team ran into the dugout and the red team ran out onto the field, including the one that had been knocked out. Inside the blue team dugout, the first Gremlin up grabbed his bat. However, he found a piece of gum under it. Shrugging, he popped it in his mouth and walked out. He stood at home plate, waiting for the pitch, when... BOOM! The Gremlin's head exploded. Before the rest of its body could even fall to the ground, Gadget's truck had already got it. \"Alright, who gave him exploding chewing gum?\" shouted Brain over the shouts and laughter of the fans. The Gremlin at third base started laughing so hard he could barely stand, obviously proud of how well the gum worked. Sparky turned around and shot him, causing the Gremlins in the crowd to go crazy. One of them even fell off the stands; he was laughing so hard. As Gadget's truck sped back to it's position, the next batter stepped up. The Gremlin pitching smiled evilly. He handled the ball extremely carefully and threw it slow enough for the batting Gremlin to get a perfect hit. The second the blue Gremlin hit the ball, it exploded. The bat shattered and the Gremlin batting, the catcher, and Brain, flew back a couple feet. Brain moaned and sat up. He and the catcher were fine because they had been wearing helmets, but the Gremlin who hit the ball was far from fine. Actually, he was dead, and Gadget's truck was already leaving. Sparky shot the pitcher, and after Gadget took care of that one, a new pitcher stepped in. The next Gremlin came up to bat. He hit the first ball thrown to him and nailed the red Gremlin that already had a concussion. The red Gremlin collapsed on the ground and the Gremlin that hit the ball made it to first base. Gadget's truck picked up the red Gremlin and the next batter stepped up. The pitcher gripped the ball. Before the batter even had a chance to get in position, he got nailed in the side of the head with the ball. The Gremlin batting collapsed, and before the pitcher even had time to be proud of himself, he found a bullet from Sparky's gun in the back of his head. As Gadget drove his truck in and picked up the two Gremlins, the Gremlins on the blue team stormed out of the dugout and onto the field. They started a fistfight with the remaining Gremlins from the red team. Brain took a deep breath and started to take a step forward to stop the fight, but something else stopped it. The giant lights surrounding the baseball field all turned on, full power. The Gremlins on the sidelines screamed and scampered off into the darkness. Gadget dove under the seat of his truck. The Gremlins on the field all collapsed onto the ground and started melting. The only Gremlins who weren't effected at all were the coaches, who were hiding in the shadows of the dugout, and Brain and Sparky, who had both been injected with genetic sunblock. After a minute of watching the horror show, Brain looked over to Sparky. Sparky nodded and transformed into his electric form. He flew right into the lights, blowing them all out. When he returned, he said to Brain, \"Some idiot was messing with some wires, accidentally turned on the lights.\" All the other Gremlins who had managed to get away slowly crept back. Gadget peeked out from under the seat. Everyone surveyed the damage. There was melted Gremlin all over the place. All that was left of them (other than goo) were the uniforms. The two coaches stepped out of their dugouts. Each of them was carrying a bucket of water. Brain saw this, but he knew what they were doing, so he went back to helping Gadget and Sparky pick up the slimy uniforms. The coach of the red team and the coach of the blue team met at home base. \"Good game,\" said the red coach. \"You too,\" said the blue coach. Then, at the same time, they both dumped the bucket of water on each other. They collapsed and, a few minutes later, they were each standing in front of 9 Gremlins. The crowd took their seats and started cheering again. \"Rematch.\" A/N: Haha. I love Gremlins! Oh, and just to make things clear, Brain survived being electrocuted in NYC because he didn't melt because he was injected with the genetic sunblock. Sparky was the electric Gremlin, but he learned to control his electric powers. Gadget is Gizmo's twin brother. That's all you need to know. Gadget is my OC. Don't steal him. =D New Gremlin fics coming soon! ","Summary":" A/N: I'm still working on all my other fics, I promise. I just HAD to write this! It's been stuck i"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins 3","Author":"Moviemaster89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4961614","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gremlins 3:nChapter 1 Disclaimer: I do not own any ofnthese characters but am simply writing this story for my own nenjoyment and because Gremlins rock His eyes begannto blur after hours of looking at the plans sitting in front of him.nMr. Clamp was determined that the plans for the addition to NewnKingston High School would be finished in time to start constructionnat the end of the current school year. It had been about 5 yearsnsince the incident in New York City made worldwide headlines placingnGizmo at the head of a new marketing campaign by Clamp Industries.nThe profit was to fund the construction and development of anfantastic small town much like the picture that was hanging on BillynPeltzer's desk. Billy and his wife Kate lived in the two year oldnhousing development smack in the middle of New Kingston. Billy andnhis wife Kate had been married almost two years now and had recentlyndecided to try and have a child, which was difficult with Gizmonrunning around and picking locked doors. \"Billy\" yelled Kate,n\"you have been at that desk for at least 3 hours now, it's timento take a break and get some rest\". \"You know Inwould love to honey but I have a progress report to give to Mr. Clampntomorrow and I need to make head way on these designs\". Kate walkednover towards Billy and sat on his lap, \"Well Mr.nPeltzer you can work on that project or you can work on a morenpersonnel one\" she purred asnher hands slowly massaged the front of Billy's shorts. Billynusually just wore a t-shirt to bed and boxer-briefs which always madenKate excited and aching for him. Billy put down his pencil and turnednoff his desk light. \"Well then Mrs. Peltzer I suggest we get tonwork\" growled Billynas he picked up his wife and headed for the bedroom. Gizmo watchednfrom his tiny bed as the two shut the door behind them. Gizmo quitenenjoyed his current life in the care of the Peltzer's; they tooknvery good care of him and gave him plenty of attention. RecentlynHowever Gizmo had noticed a change in the Peltzer's; they wantednmore time to themselves. Gizmo had already learned not to disturb thencouple when they shut their bedroom door when two months ago henwalked in on Billy thrusting violently on top of Kate. Gizmo foundnthe human reproductive process very puzzling and time consuming; henwas amused when he thought of Billy and Kate engaging in it. Gizmonwas completely content at this point in his life he wanted fornnothing but was always cautious not to break any of the three rules. They next Day Billy was Runningnlate for his meeting with Mr. Clamp at the towns Clamp Building.nKnowing he would never find enough of the needed space for his townnin New York City, he chose an undeveloped area in upstatenPennsylvania. In order for Mr. Clamp to keep tabs on the progress ofnthe town and the repairs to Clamp Tower he kept in constant contactnwith Billy and the head of the Pennsylvania branch of ClampnIndustries Marla Blood Stone. It would have been easier to get out ofnbed this morning if his wife had quite playing grab ass with him. \"Honey I have a meeting today andnyou're not helping the situation at all\" Billy half laughed half yelled.n\"You go ahead and get your meeting; we can have time to play onenyou get home\". Yelled Kate as Billy flew out thendoor into his car and speed toward the Clamp Building. \"Billy being late for one thenmost important meeting this year does nothing for your career\"nYelled Marla \"Your tuning my day into a complete meltdown secondndegree burn catastrophe Billy \" \"I know Marla but traffic wasncrazy and I was late getting out of bed\" puffed Billy as he rushed passednMarla towards the conference room. Catching his breath Billy quicklynsat down and opened his briefcase. Marla took the seat across fromnhim at the long rectangular table as the large television at thenfront of the room clicked on. \"Good Morning my fellow employees\"nboomed Mr. Clamp \" \"I see that Mr. Peltzer isnrunning late again\" Said the smiling head on the television. \"Wenare all here now Mr. Clamp, so I suggest we get started on thenmeeting and how the development of the town is progressing. Billy unveiled his plans for thenschools science wing. The rest of the High school had been completednbut all the science class rooms were still contained in trailersnsitting in the school playground. It was surprising how quicklynpeople had moved into the new town and how happy they were thenoverall design of it. Hardly anyone complained about the lengthnconstruction of the high school, they were just ready for it to benfinished. Mr. Clamp was pleased with Billy's progress; everythingnwas unfolding exactly as he wanted it to. \"Well Billy I am very glad to hearnthat construction on the new part of the high school will begin soon,na trailer is no place for kids to learning\". While Billy and Marla were busynbriefing Mr. Clamp Kate Peltzer was rushing around the housencleaning, and trying to get to work. Kate worked part time at thenlocal day care facility which had just finished construction about 5nmonths ago. Kate loved working with the children and was happy thatnshe could contribute in paying the bills and saving money. Gizmo wasnstill asleep which surprised Kate, he was usually up in time to tellnKate good buy and maybe even sing to her before she left. When theynfirst brought Gizmo to live with them she was nervous about himnmaking a mess and getting into things which could possibly bendangerous. However Kate now knows that Gizmo is quite an intelligentncreature and while his curiosity might get the best of him in someninstances, he knew right from wrong. \"Gizmo I am leaving for work\" she called, Gizmo sat up and gavenher wave which she returned as she opened the front door and left fornthe daycare center. As Gizmo got out of bed he decided it would benfun to raid the garbage cans before they were emptied tonight, \"It was incredible what thenPeltzer's would throw away\" Gizmo thought to himself. It was sonfunny what humans went through to give themselves pleasure of makenthey happy. Gizmo was just happy chewing on a piece of rubber andnsearching through the garbage. End ofnChapter One Reviews and any suggestion arenneeded and appreciated so feel free to make them and as soon as I getnat least 5 I will be posting the next chapter. ","Summary":" Gremlins 3:nChapter 1 Disclaimer: I do not own any ofnthese characters but am simply writing this s"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Futuristic Surprises","Author":"A Different Kind Of Yellow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/898326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Violet looked down at the pregnancy test in her hands as two thin bluenlines appeared. ' Shit,' thought Violet, ' I'm pregnant!'n Kevin was out of town at the moment, working on his next big thing,napart from her, of course. He had just left for the airport about two hoursnago, to get on a plane to London, the capital of England. After Violet'snsuccess with LeAnn Rimes, Kevin became her sort-of manager. He set up gigsnand made her feel like something in the world apart from a background job,nnot just a songwriter, he made her feel as if she was actually living herndream, which she was, except that they weren't married. Violet's true dreamnwas to get all of her songs published and have a couple of kids with hernideal dream man, which at the moment was Kevin O'Donnell.n Pregnancy could really spoil her success at the moment, as she was justnabout to fly out to the UK to join Kevin in London for her next big gig, tontry to impress the British music producers. She'd been dropped by her labelnin New York because she had been still working in the bar when she wasnsupposed to be doing interviews with New York's top newspapers.n Violet looked down at the test one more time, and decided to use up thenother test that she had bought for a spare. Ten minutes later, another twonblue lines turned up one the test. Violet called Kevin.n Ring-ring, ring-ring, ' come on, Kevin, pick up, please, pick up' Violetnmumbled.n \" Hello?\" Kevin's voice rang down the phone, \" Vi, is that you?\"n \" Yeah, Kevin, it's me.\"n \" What's wrong Vi, you sound worried? We will get the contract innLondon. Be positive.\"n \" I'm pregnant.\"n There was silence down the line. \" Kevin?\" Violet continued, \" Kevin?nAre you still there? Did you hear me? I'm pregnant!\"n \" I heard you Vi, it's just a shock, that's all!\" Kevin gasped down thenphone.n \" Well, so am I.\"n \" But you sound so calm, how can you be calm? This is brilliant news.nI'm coming home, honey, just you stay there.\"n \" But the flight's booked, Kevin. You can't just get off the plane.\"n \" I'm not on the plane yet, I'm in the queue for my ticket, actually,nI'm at the desk right now. Can you hold on for just a tick, Vi?\"n \" Uh, huh.\" There was a muffled sound down the phone, Violet could hearnKevin talking to a lady.n \" I need to cancel my ticket.\"n \" Yes sir, can I have your name please.\"n \" Kevin O'Donnell.\"n \" And your name, miss.\"n \" Oh, I'm not with him.\"n \" Okay sir, your refund will be sent back to your home, we have yourndetails right here.\"n \" Thanks.\" Should I continue? Please Review and tell me![Chapter 2] When Kevin arrived at the flat, Violet was still in shock. He found her onntheir bed, beside the telephone, fast asleep. ' That must have been anbigger shock than I thought to her' thought Kevin. He sat down beside hernand stroked her hair.n Slowly, Violet sat up.n \" Hey Vi, are you doing okay.\"n \" Yeah, I just felt a little faint.\"n \" I don't think you should go to the bar tonight.\" Violet was singingnher second song with, Scottish band, Travis. Their new song, Cool Breeze,nwas half-written by Violet herself.n \" Kevin, I need to go. The band need me. And I want to show Rach I'm notnjust a one-hit-wonder.\"n \" Okay, but I'm going to be there, just in case you still feel faint.\"n \" But I'm fine now, Kevin.\" Said Violet.n \" I'm coming anyway. I like Travis. I saw their recent video of 'Have AnNice Day' on that music channel we have.\"n \" The Box. You watch The Box?\"n \" Yeah. I told you, I'm just a big kid.\" Kevin remembered.n \" I remember. Do you remember one of our first dates?\"n \" You sold me for $250!\"n \" It was payback time, buddy. That'll be a thing to tell this littlenone.\"n \" Don't you dare.\"n \" Why not?\"n \" Well, I can see the headlines now.\"n \" Really?\"n \" Yes. ' Songwriter sells future husband to woman in club'.\"n \" Eh? Future Husband? You haven't even proposed to me yet!\" jokednViolet.n Kevin got down off the bed and on one knee. He pulled a small, black boxnfrom his jacket pocket, and held it open for Violet to see. \" Violet JanenSanford, Will you marry me?\"n Violet's jaw dropped. \" Are you serious? Can we afford it?\"n \" Yes and yes. Will you marry me?\" asked Kevin hopefully.n \" Yes! Of course, I will, Dumbo!\" Violet patted his head and continued.n\" Who else would I marry? It's so beautiful!\" Violet gazed down at thendiamond and emerald encrusted ring.n \" Is that your only reason? The ring?\"n \" Don't be silly! I love you!\"n \" Well, I love you too.\" This is not the end. What do you want to happen? Please review![Chapter 3] Announcements all round! \"Kevin, I'm have to go to dad's and tell him the news.\" \" Wait, Vi, you have to lie down. You've just had a big shock.\" \" I can handle it, I've handled a lot so far in my life. This is just anmolecule compared to everything else.\" \" Is that how important we are to you, Violet, because if it is, I wantnthat ring back.\" \" Kevin. Slow down. I'm just happy, pregnant and engaged. Everythingnelse had been sad. This is happy.\" She reminded him again. \"Now, do younwant to come with me?\" \" Yes. But I'm only going to make sure you get there okay, I don't wantnanything bad to happen to that baby.\" \" Kevin, I've only been pregnant for a couple of weeks, calm yourself.nGet to work, I won't really need you to hold my hand.\" \" I'm coming with you, and that's final. We're announcing to your dad,nand to your best mate, who I hardly know, that we're gonna get married andnyour having a kid. I'm going to hold your hand, no matter what you say.\" \" Okay, okay, I give in, but don't go over the top, do you hear, nonjumping up and down and screeching like a little kid.\" \"Why forever not?\" asked Kevin. \"Because in less than 9 months, you, and this thing inside me, will bendoing the same, except I hope it doesn't jump up and down like you donsometimes.\" \"Fine, can we go yet?\" \"Yes.\" Violet locked her door and ran downstairs with Kevin to his car. \"Hey, careful.\" Kevin warned her. \"I'm fine.\" Said Violet, for the 2nd time. Kevin held out the door for her, and held on to her tightly as she satndown. \"Kevin. Stop.\" \" What?\" \" I'm not an antique, I'm a person, and I can look after myself. I willnbe going down to the bar a few days a week to help out. The new girl,nJessie, isn't getting on too good with Rachel.\" She told him as they droventhe fifty or so miles to her dad's house. Her dad welcomed her at the door. \"It's not Sunday yet, Violet, what arenyou doing here?\" he asked while putting his shirt over his vest. His nursengirlfriend, June, came out behind him. Her lipstick around her mouthnsmeared, and wearing only Bill's dressing gown. Kevin stiffled a giggle, and Violet elbowed him in the side. \" Em, June was, uh, just having a shower.\" Bill said, noticing Junenbehind him and looking around uncomfortably. \" Dad, I'm not a kid anymore, I'm having one.\" Bill gaped at his daughter. \" What?\" \" I'm pregnant.\" Said Violet fairly calmly. Still Bill gaped, his mouth wide open. June shreeked and ran over tonViolet, and gave her and Kevin hugs. \" Congratulations!\" \"Thanks.\" \"And what is that young lady?\" asked Bill coming down the porch steps. \" What dad? You can't see a bump yet!\" \" No. I wasn't meaning your belly. I meant that big shiny thing on yournfinger.\" Violet and Kevin both blushed. \"Kevin proposed.\" \" Oh, does that mean I have a son-in-law?\" asked Bill. \" 'Fraid so.\" Bill hugged his daughter tightly, and said to Kevin, \" If you ever hurtnmy daughter I will come over and.\" \" Beat me up? Yeah, I already thought you would. But don't worry, Incould never do that, I love her too much.\" Said Kevin, finishing Bill'snsentence for him. \" I'm afraid we can't stick around, I've got to go and tell Gloria.\" \" Wait a minute girly, I'm afraid I've got some bad news.\" Said Bill. Violet looked at him with concern. \"In April (it's October), I have to go to Miami.\"n \" Dad, that's not bad news. But why?\" \" I've asked June, to be my wife.\" Violet gasped. \"And she said ....\" To be continued. What did you think, please, please tell me. Good or crap? Please R&R.; I'dnlove to hear what you thought. ","Summary":" Violet looked down at the pregnancy test in her hands as two thin bluenlines appeared. ' Shit,' tho"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coyote Ugly: The New Girl","Author":"X.o.XLoveIsBlindX.o.X","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3578810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: This story is mine , but the original idea was not mine. Hints: Coyote Ugly. This is however, my version of what the next Coyote would be like. Enjoy! Beta: My Beta for this story is a very close friend of mine Nix. Thanks![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I am NOT the owner of Coyote Ugly. The character's that do belong to me are the ones I added in.[Chapter 3] \"So, what happened?\" Lacey said directly in my face. I backed up a little bit and started walked towards Java J's. \"Nothing really. There was this one girl I talked to first.\" I rolled my eyes jogged a little bit to cross the street. \"She was asking me all these question, okay not that many but still, and she wasn't even the manager. Anyway finally the manager did come out and she didn't really give me an interview like a normal job would. She asked me to give her my number so I did. Now the fun part. Waiting.\" I finished with a hint of sarcasm as we walked in. I was extremely hungry for some reason. I was craving a blueberry muffin. Lacey ordered her coffee and I got my Cappuccino and muffin. We waited at our table as she tried to calm me down. \"Mel, that's not exactly an ordinary job. You can't be expecting it to be just like if you were to work.. here.\" She said shrugging. I bit my lip as I looked around. Then sighed remember most of my classes happened during the day. So, that wouldn't work out. \"It won't be that bad Mel.\" She stated as the drinks and my muffin came. \"Says the girl who doesn't have to work there. My parents already think I'm a screw up. What with the whole choosing Jayson over going to Yale or Princeton or some fancy place.\" I took a big bite of my muffin angrily. Lacy only laughed as we stood up. \"How is Jayson anyway?\" I looked at her sideways. \"I don't know. I don't even know where he is right now.\" She looked at me with one eyebrow raised. \"Class, maybe?\" I nodded remembering. \"Chad is going to met us at the concert later.\" I stopped walking. \"Chad? Oh, no!. I completely forgot about the concert.\" She opened the door to go outside. \"Yeah, Chad is the guy I was telling about. You know the one that can--\" I blinked \"Okay. No more details. I swear last time you made my ears bleed.\" Lacey is the most sexual active person I have met. She makes me feel like a prude, which I am not. \"So you'll be meeting Chad later. Oh and don't forget you were gonna let me wear your Linkin Park t-shirt.\" I nodded yet again. \"Okay, I've got classes in 10, so I'll see ya later.\" She said grinning. \"And don't worry, you'll get the job. They're looking for sexy girls that can toss a bottle, that's all you.\" I gave a half smile. \"Sure,\" I said unsure. \"See ya,\" ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: This story is mine , but the original idea was not mine. Hints: Coyote Ugly. This is ho"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"A Bloody Citizens Arrest","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10203204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy was desperate. He had planned to contact the cop that he had known quite well at Cop School, Detective Brown, and ask him to contact Dignam so that Brown could help Billy arrest Sullivan. But then a bad nights dreaming had made Billy realise that even Brown could be corrupt as Sullivan must pull a lot of weight, and even if not corrupt, could Billy be sure that Brown would contact Dignam. Billy's really didn't think that Brown could be corrupt, but he was the weak link in Billy's plan, so.. Delaying increased the risk that Sullivan might target Billy, but Billy had to be sure about Brown. A night spent at a dive frequented by some SIU cops confirmed Billy's worst fears, Bown worked directly for Sullivan. Brown could not be trusted. There was no way that Billy could contact the SIU with Sullivan not knowing and being able to finger Billy, either directly or via any stooges Sullivan had. Unless Sullivan was in no position to finger Billy... The next evening Billy went round to see Maddy before she left work to go to the cop she was to marry. Billy was gutted by that thought. Billy gave Maddy a letter which was his insurance policy. The letter contained a note to Maddy explaining what to do : if Billy was in trouble go to Dignam and ask him for help. The letter to Dignum listed everything that had happened since Queenan was murdered along with a warning not to trust the FBI. Maddy was to ensure that Dignum, who Billy now felt had run out on him, would help Billy. If Dignum would not help Billy then Dignum would not be told of Billy's evidence stash, and there was a letter to the New York Cops. Hopefully they would help Billy, or avenge him on Sullivan and Dignum. Maddy took the letter, she seemed troubled. Billy warned her not to say anything about the letter, even to her fiancé, since it involved police corruption at the highest level; if the corrupt cops knew about the letter they would go after her, so the less she knew the better. Billy said that he was going to take his evidence to the SIU, but at great risk. The next morning Maddy, who started work later than Sullivan, checked the mail and was intrigued to find a package from Billy. Intrigued, and with a sense of foreboding, she took out the CD and played it. What she heard shocked her to the core. After a minute Maddy took the package, repackaged the CD, resealed the package, gave it to Sullivan, and then went to pack her things. Sullivan soon had more to occupy his mind than Maddy's silent behaviour. An hour later Sullivan phoned Billy. Billy told the rat faced faggot to meet him at the rear of one of the central Boston shopping mall's Men's Public Conveniences, the rear being quiet and somewhat suited for dubious business.[Chapter 2] Before he had taken the package to Sullivan's mailbox, Billy had unlocked the service room inside the Mall's Male Public Conveniences. Billy was posing as the cleaner, to whom he had given a bribe for the key as well as to go some where else for the morning. The service room was the perfect place for Billy to hide. On getting The Rat Faced Faggot's phone call, Billy went to the exit and placed the \"Out Of Service\" notice board outside. Then Billy proceeded to watch the rear of the Mall for Sullivan's arrival. In his jacket Billy had two separately padded copies of the CD. One copy was in a pocket, the other was hidden inside the jacket lining. Billy also had two sets of crude photocopies which he had made of the several years of payments made to Sullivan and some others who could be Cops. As with the CD's, one of the two sets was hidden within his jacket lining; this was a precaution against his evidence going astray later. Finally, after about half an hour, Sullivan arrived and headed for the Public Conveniences. Billy waited until Sullivan was close and then raced to the service room and locked the door. From inside, Billy was able to watch Sullivan pace around impatiently. Carefully Billy unlocked the door. Eventually Sullivan decided to take a leak. This was the moment that Billy had been waiting for. Creeping out and surprising Sullivan from behind, Billy clubbed him with his gun and then cuffed him. Then Billy dragged Sullivan into the service room. Just to relieve his stress, Billy taunted Sullivan. Sullivan, a liar to the core, continued the pretence of being an honest cop. But when Billy convincingly threatened to kill him, Sullivan's facade broke and he said that he had erased Billy's files. Billy was enraged, not that it made any difference to the plan, it just meant that some amendments would be needed. Billy now dragged Sullivan outside into the Mall. There were now several people about, hoping to pay a call. Billy called to them to call the cops. Billy had considered calling the cops himself, but only as a last resort as this way he would get more attention, and so would any potential friends of Sullivan. When Sullivan screamed for help, Billy shot him in the arm to shut him up. By the time the cops finally showed up Billy had shot Sullivan in both of his arms and legs. Sullivan would be in hospital for a week or two and it might be months before he could walk again.[Chapter 3] The trial took place the next day as it was assumed to be an open and shut type of case. Billy was representing himself; all he had done was phone Maddy after his arrest to tell her that he had been arrested for wounding a corrupt cop, and that his plan to get his evidence to the SIU was on cause, so far. Maddy sounded upset and bothered, she had broken up with her fiancé and was quite upset. However, she said that she would look out for Billy, he was the only man in her life now. Then Maddy hung up. Strange, but Billy felt elated, it was the best news he had had in a long time. Because Costello's recent demise had made Sullivan such a police and media hero there was even a low grade reporter present; just one of the verminous media rat pack, who was going to get the scoop of his career. At the trial Billy admitted all charges, but then pleaded extenuating circumstances - police corruption, and no way to get his evidence heard except in a judicial court. Billy explained that he was an undercover cop and had worked for the murdered Captain Queenan. He then explained about Queenan's murder, how Dignum had abandoned him and how Sullivan had run him, and how he had finally learned that Sullivan was the Mole. By then most of the Courtroom considered that Billy was fantasising. Then Billy played the CD and showed the copied payment evidence. That changed the Judge's attitude. Billy then charged Sullivan (in absentia) of corruption, involvement (so Billy presumed) with the murder of Captain Queenan, the murder of Costello, and the erasure of Billy's police files. Basically Billy was flinging mud, on the premise that good mud sticks. So Billy also mentioned that FBI corruption posed a danger to a police corruption investigation. Billy said that the evidence stash, held in a garage which he had rented under another name, was only going to be made available at a price - Sullivan's trial (no under the table deals to let Sullivan off), the removal of Queenan's assault and battery charges, and the release of Billy's money. Police reinstatement didn't matter, Billy just wanted to be \"respectable\" again and to be able to make a new start. Superficially Billy's case was compelling, although the evidence needed confirmation. The Judge decided to refer the case to a Higher Court and ordered Sullivan's arrest. Billy's trial would come first, but it would pave the way for Sullivan's trial.[Chapter 4] Dignum had just finished his lunch and was now having a bad day. Ellerby had just come in, raging like a fire breathing pit bull terrier. Ellerby showed Dignum the Court Order for Sullivan's arrest and the supporting Court Proceedings. Two day's before, Ellerby had been rushing to the bedside of his most talented Staff Sergeant, someone who could replace Queenan, and now this ridiculous arrest warrant. Dignum was secretly elated, but just casually asked to see the documents. The charges of corruption and involvement in Queenan's murder, Dignum could believe. But murdering Costello? And what was this about removing evidence from the personnel files of BILLY COSTIGAN! Had Dignum been off the ball! Dignum read through the Court Proceedings, as Ellerby continued to rage. The allegations seemed extreme, but Dignum, though he disliked Billy because of Billy's personality and background and, illogically, Dignum even despised Billy for being a snitch, knew that Billy had never lied and was, in is own way, quite reliable. In fact Dignum knew that few could have worked in Costello's gang and got away with it. Dignum needed to hear the CD. Everything else could be true. And if the FBI had been protecting Costello it was only a matter of time before they would interfere with the proceedings. And Dignum had dropped the ball. Dignum had to act fast; check Queenan's office for evidence and secure the documents that dealt with Billy's false conviction. But Dignum also needed to keep his powder very dry; apart from the possibility of widespread corruption, Sullivan had been the apple of Ellerby's eye, and Ellerby's judgement was seriously flawed. Cautiously Dignum told Ellerby, \"You need to open Queenan's files and see if Costigan's records have been tampered with\". Ellerby was shocked \"You mean that that low life thug works for us!\". \"Yes\" Dignum casually replied, \"Everything he says about himself is correct\". Dignum had not really wanted to stick his neck out and say that Billy was a cop, but that would need to be established for Sullivan's trial. But otherwise, Dignum felt that it was safer to say as little as possible and keep possible enemies, and a biased Ellerby, guessing. They went to Queenan's Office and Ellerby opened the files. No trace of Costigan's entry. Dignum asked, \"Have you given Sullivan access to these files?\". \"Yes\" replied Ellerby, \"but ... apart from your testimony is there anything that would support the claim that Costigan is a cop?\". \"I don't know\" lied Dignum, \"I will have to check and let you know. There's still a few days to the retrial\". With Ellerby gone, Dignum soon located the FBI report. Locating the film negatives and the undercover agreement documents that Billy had signed took longer. Dignum photocopied the documents and placed the copies back in Queenan's file's. Then Dignum arranged with a technician to have the film negatives duplicated and more pictures developed. An hour later Dignum was able to make a second FBI document set made up. Only when the duplicate copies were back in Queenan's office did Dignum think to check Queenan's diary, and found an entry that correlated Billy with the report, which added credence to Billy's testimony. Dignum phoned Ellerby to confirm that Queenan had filmed Costello having dealings with known FBI operatives and that Costigan had supplied the initial information. It was not much in the way of proof, but it was enough to make the claim of FBI corruption credible. Dignum didn't mention that he was keeping the original copies, or anything about Costigan's false conviction. Dignum was going to have to visit a certain court official to ensure that Costigan's false conviction documents were protected and that the false conviction could be overturned on demand, before Sullivan's trial. Dignum now realised that a new broom might be needed in the SIU, Sullivan had many \"admirers\", and who knows, maybe there was more corruption, or at least sloppy practice, than a little. Costigan might be a rubbish cop, but he might make Dignum an excellent rat catcher. First however, tomorrow, Dignum needed to visit the Court, perhaps not with Ellerby, and checkout Costigan's CD and other evidence.[Chapter 5] The retrial was set for Two weeks later, by which time Sullivan would be out of Hospital and back home under suspension. There would be no need to arrest Sullivan, yet, as he wasn't going anywhere soon. During the two weeks several things happened. The next day things had really heated up. While Dignum was out checking the Court evidence, the FBI, alarmed by escalating press allegations, attempted to raid the SIU in order to get any evidence of FBI corruption. They, clumsily, intended to take everything in Queenan's and even Dignum's offices. Fortunately Ellerby was having none of it and had the satisfaction of having the FBI creeps frog-marched out of the SIU. After this Ellerby rang his superiors for assistance. After getting over this attempted FBI outrage, Dignum realised that his own office was not such a good place to hide evidence. The FBI then replied with a higher level authorisation that Ellerby had to comply with. Dignum, who in a fit of paranoia had hidden the evidence in a safe deposit box, then requested that all relevant documents and film dealing with FBI corruption and Billy, be released to the Court. The FBI ignored the request. Dignum informed Ellerby, who now reassumed the guise of a pit bull terrier. But appeals to higher authority proved fruitless. \"The evidence is being held back through interference from somewhere on high\" snarled Ellerby to Dignum. \"One wonders who and why\" replied Dignum rhetorically. There were too many possibilities, high level and political corruption included. Dignum then thought that he had better own up to Ellerby about the substitute copies. It would prevent Ellerby getting any nasty surprises at the trial, and Ellerby could honestly deny attempting to hide the evidence from the FBI. One way or another, the FBI were going to get really burned. Only then did Dignum break the news to Ellerby that the CD seemed genuine; he recognised both Sulivan's and Costello's voices. Ellerby was stunned. After Ellerby had composed himself, Dignum told him about the payments. If verified by a full bank account investigation, except for the past year, over the previous 10 years both Sullivan and Barrigan had been receiving irregular small payments from Costello, as had several low ranking cops and others who had failed police training. Over the past year the payments to Sullivan had been far larger. Ellerby ordered Barrigan to be arrested as Sullivan's accomplice and the others suspended pending investigation but Dignum countered this. The evidence was based on a photocopy, and anyway Dignum had put Barrigan under surveillance and the other bent cops under preliminary financial investigation. Dignum intended to get Billy to do the really hard leg work on this. In the meantime Billy had constant trouble sleeping without his med's. Billy could not afford bail so that he could get to his med.'s, and anyway, he felt that it might be safer in jail. That was actually true since Dignum had whispered into the ear of the warden in charge that Billy was working for him and that certain criminal persons in the FBI and SIU would be interested in Billy's silence. The police doctor had refused to give him anything effective, so Billy told him about the repeat prescription from Maddy. A day later Maddy was allowed to pay Billy a visit. The upshot of this was that Billy got his med.'s, and gave Maddy, who needed a place to stay, his spare house keys so that she could move in and get the place ready for Billy Costigan III. Nice. At the first trial Billy had represented himself, as he knew from teenage \"experience\" how such trials worked. But now Billy could be out of his depth, yet he could not afford a real lawyer. Billy finally opted for hiring a trainee lawyer from a reputable firm, a trainee who had done well in college. Billy hoped that this might get him a sympathetic attitude from the Judge and Jury. There was little more than a week to prepare for the trial and Billy had no intention of revealing the location of his stash. The lawyer was able to take the backup copies of Costello's payments and the backup CD hidden inside Billy's jacket lining. Then the lawyer tramped round the SIU trying to learn who could clearly recognise Sullivan's and Costello's voices, and if Costello's payments could be to cops. The cops were not particularly helpful, generally being unwilling to snitch on fellow officers given the flimsy nature of the evidence; only a full forensic banking search would be able to confirm that the payments were to cops, otherwise it was little more than slander. After spending time trying to look through the current register of SIU officers, the lawyer decided to complain to Captain Ellerby about police indifference or obstruction. With mock annoyance Ellerby evaded the issue by saying that an investigation would require time, and referred the lawyer to Dignum. Dignum, while wishing to appear distant from the investigation, confirmed that he considered that it was Costello's voice on the CD. Dignum also said that he was investigating Barrigan and the other cops; that was all he was able to say at present, which happened to be almost true. At least now the lawyer had some names to give out to the Court and demand that the police investigate. The night before the trial, Dignum contacted the lawyer and gave him certain confidential assurances of support along with \"suggestions\" of what to do when it came to sentencing deals. As before, Billy's court defence would be based on extenuating circumstances and the presumed need for the authorities to make a deal to get the document stash. The only difference would be the strong media spotlight on the proceedings and that both Sullivan ( in a wheelchair ) and Dignum would be summoned to testify if necessary. Even if Billy went to prison, he would make sure that Sullivan went as well. Billy didn't know it, but Dignum intended Barrigan to be present as well; it would not just be Sullivan who would be in the dock.[Chapter 6] The trial went largely as Billy had hoped, Sullivan was again charged with corruption and, thanks to Dignum's testimony and evidence along with the production of the SUI visitors log for the day of Billy's visit, with erasing Billy's records. Barrigan was also convicted of Corruption. Unfortunately, involvement in Queenan's murder could not be pinned on Sullivan because it could have due to Barrigan. More investigation would be needed. Dignum had roundly condemned the FBI for removing ( the duplicate ) evidence and refusing to release it for the trial, this was tantamount to the worst type of judicial tampering and it influenced the Judge's sentencing of Billy. The Judge's sentencing of Billy had an unwelcome twist. Instead of Billy being let off under extenuating circumstances, Dignam's clandestine whispering into the ear of Billy's lawyer had resulted in Billy being paroled to Dignum. However the Judge was aware that there was no love lost between Billy and Dignum so the Judge had stipulated rigid terms : Billy was to release his document stash to the police in return for which Dignum would overturn Billy's false conviction for assault and battery, and try to get Billy his moneys. As neither Dignum or Ellerby could guarantee this, as a safeguard, Billy was to be reinstated in the SIU. It was not something that Billy wanted, since it was clear after the trial ended that Dignum would continue to treat Billy with his usual contempt. However, it would at least guarantee Billy's back pay and some protection from the FBI. The press had a field day with the revelations of FBI \"corruption\" and \"amoral behaviour\". That evening, Ellerby was not happy at seeing Billy being shoved into his office by Dignum. Ellerby had been disinterested about Dignum's comments two weeks ago about Billy being a cop, and in any case had the usual police prejudice against undercover operatives. However, Ellerby was an honest cop and the Judge's decision was final, anyway Ellerby wanted to get his hands on Billy's document stash before the FBI moved in on Billy. So Ellerby, with a show of reluctance, reinstated Billy, although Billy was instructed not to openly show his badge. Billy was to be Dignum's undercover trouble shooter and SIU rat catcher. Detectives within the SIU would know that Billy was a cop, but to the uniformed cops Billy's visits to the SIU would be because of the terms of Billy's probation. Billy would also be able to rattle the bars of Sullivan's cage whenever he felt the need. Maddy had arrived from work to take Billy home, and Ellerby was shocked to see them leave his office together. What was this! Beauty and the Beast! ","Summary":" Billy was desperate. He had planned to contact the cop that he had known quite well at Cop School, "},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Aggressive Negotiations in a lift","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9862380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy dragged Sullivan to the lift, but having to watch that idiot Brown and the thought of the long journey back to the Precinct HQ without Dignam's support, now worried Billy. Why get shot and killed or arrested by cops who would not believe Billy, and then have to rely on the letter to Dignam. Dignam had never cared whether Billy lived or died, and suppose Dignam refused to help Billy. Billy called Brown back, and throttled Sullivan to keep him quiet. \"Where the hell is Dignam\" \"Brannigan said that Dignam was unavailable\" What the fuck thought Billy ! \"Idiot, I said tell no one who the hell is Brannigan. Talk!\" \"A colleague\" Brown shouted back. Billy got worried as cops tend to work in pairs or have backup, so ... \"Did you come alone - I'll shoot this fucker if I have to\". Billy needed to prod the moron. \"Yes\" Billy was less certain as Brown had proved \"unreliable\". There might be a nasty surprise waiting downstairs or outside, and Brown was getting restless and babbling for Billy to release this fucking rat, so.. \"Call the Precinct. Demand backup. You hear me\" - that should also confuse Brown a bit. \"Demand that Dignum comes. I'll only release Sullivan to Dignam or I shoot him\" - that would pressure them. \"Say that Costello's Lawyer gave me evidence proving that Sullivan is the mole\". \"And say I can prove that Sullivan shot Costello because Costello was going to sell him out if he was caught or if Sullivan failed to ID me\". Brown called the Precinct HQ and did as instructed. Billy then moved into the shelter of the lift. \"Now call your fuckin friend Brannigan and find out where he is\". Brown called Branngan and then said \"He's downstairs\". So Billy had been right. \"Tell him to say there. If he tampers with the lift then this shit bag dies\". Billy didn't mean it, in fact Billy would just get off at another floor. \"I want to know when Dignam arrives downstairs\". After an arduous half hour, Brown said that Dignam was downstairs. \"Tell them that I'm going down, and that this rat faced faggot dies unless Dignam meets me\".[Chapter 2] Dignam, who had not been well pleased by the call out and Billy's utter stupidity, was waiting in front of the lift with a ring of armed onlookers, still if there really was evidence ... As the lift doors opened, a battered and bloody Sullivan appeared, acting as a shield for Billy. \"Dignam, tell them to stand down. I have evidence from Costello's lawyer. I'm bringing this creep in - he's responsible for Queenan's death. Costello was murdered because he threatened to turn this rat in if captured\". Dignam was quite sure of the first and happy to believe the second, but snarled \"Oh yes, Mr I got thrown out of the Police Academy and into jail\". \"Which you were involved with. You know I'm a Cop. Deny that and you're no better than this creep\". As Billy had intended, that accusation stung Dignam; He had known that Dignam would play up over Billy's real status. \"Why the fuck didn't you come to me, you fucking dope swilling punk\". \"Sullivan was in the way. He found out who I was. I couldn't return to The Precinct without Him setting his dogs on me, like when they killed Queenen. I've been in hiding, no way to phone you, and you made no attempt to contact me.\" Billy had hit Dignum were it hurt, the professionalism which fed his ego. Billy continued \"And I need to be seen to be responsible for bringing him in; I want to make him suffer for what he did to me\". A deflated Dignam replied \"Ok arse hole, we take this shit in together, and you should know that I wouldn't screw you\". Fortunately, or unfortunately, Billy had never forgotten Dignams threat to erase Billy's identity.[Chapter 3] Billy's police reception with the cuffed and bloody Sullivan was not well received, even when the duplicate CD that he had hidden in his jacket was played. There was profound shock throughout the Precinct, as Sullivan was totally trusted. The disbelief was so great that Billy got slung in the cells while Sullivan was left to excuse himself out of the mess. Billy was left with the definite impression that Sullivan's unfrocking was not going to win Billy any friends in some quarters. Talking to the guards also revealed that was also a pro Sullivan clique. Ellerby had taken it badly when the CD was played. Ellerby would look like a fool trusting Sullivan, and once Billy was questioned about Queenan's death and how Sullivan had run Billy, there were real questions to be answered about how the Precinct HQ was run. Also, like Queenan, Ellerby was loyal to his men and so couldn't easily cope with the news. The papers would have a thanksgiving party at police expense, so Ellerby had gone into purder. Then Dignum found that Billy's staff record had \"evaporated\" from the staff database. Some thought that this could create real problems both for Ellerby and Sullivan's prosecution. The next day, Billy was brought up from the cells and released by Ellerby. Ellerby made it clear that he could not justify holding Billy, even though Sullivan was (only) suspended and not formally charged, yet. Dignam would massage Billy's police record and a police tail would be put on Billy, partly to protect Billy and partly to stop Billy going after Sullivan again.[Chapter 4] The next day, Billy found himself in his favourite city park again, nearly flat broke and pondering his options. Dignum had altered Billy's criminal record to show that Billy had worked for the police as an alleged undercover cop, but what about Billy's money? How could Billy pick up his life again? He would have to find a job, as a security guard maybe, but that would need Dignam as a reference. Unless of cause, Billy wanted to pickup some of Costello's shadier but less violent rackets. Billy shuddered. Then Billy's phone rang; it was Maddy. She sounded upset and worried. \"Billy, I tried to call you yesterday. I need to see you now, at my office\". Well at least Billy's probation and need to visit a shrink every week had been cancelled. However, Billy still had to wait until Maddy had no more patients to see. He found her upset, distraught even. \"What's up, your fiancé giving you trouble?\". Ha, Billy would be so lucky. \"Yes, It's over. I've moved back to my apartment, but I can't renew the lease so I need to find somewhere else to stay\". Heaven. \"Maybe I can help\" said Billy cautiously, not wanting to make a mistake. \"Billy, have you ever lied to me ?\" Billy didn't know that after Maddy had learned of Sullivan's suspension when Police visited his apartment, she had read the contents of Billy's letter to Dignam. The letter explained Costello's death, Sulivan's corruption, and where the evidence was stored. Billy eventually said, \"No, I don't think so, but I could never tell you the whole truth about me, it was too dangerous both to Me and You, and I can't easily prove what I say now\". \" Tell Me \". Billy told here everything, including the full reason why he needed drugs to sleep, and his present near broke status. Maddy fondled his buzz cut hair affectionately. Billy, being a Gentleman said \"Maddy, if you need a place to stay, my home has space and a spare bed, if nothing else. The locals know me and won't be a problem\". \"Big enough for William Costegan III in six months ?\", Maddy replied. Billy was silent with shock. He just held on to Maddy for a long time while she continued to fondle his cropped hair. Then Billy's phone rang. It was Dignum. Billy was wanted back at the Precinct HQ urgently, ASAP. Billy, with Maddy almost clinging to him, went to the Precinct HQ to see Dignum.[Chapter 5] When Billy and Maddy arrived, Dignum was quite blunt \"Sign these, punk\". It was a police employment form, most of it already filled in by Dignum. Not liking to be pushed, Billy procrastinated but Dignum for once was willing to explain in full. Sullivan was now in jail ... but only for now. With Maddy pointing out that Billy needed the job for both the money and a sense of purpose, Billy signed. After the paperwork was completed, Maddy didn't want to go back to His house or Her apartment straight away. She told Billy that there was something she now had to do, down in the detention wing. In the detention wing, Maddy told Billy that she had to see someone, alone. If Billy were to see who she was meeting then Billy would get distressed and angry. She told the guards quite bluntly that they were not to tell Billy who she was seeing because it would be bad for Billy's state of mind; Billy would find out soon enough. Maddy then reminded Billy that He was soon to be a father. Left on his own, Billy was faced by amused glances from the guards. At least after the past two days going's on, they knew about Billy's undercover cop situation. Billy fondled his new Police Badge, and, to get his mind off Maddy's house call, considered what Dignum had told him. Ellerby was supporting Sullivan to some degree, but only out off misplaced loyalty and shock. Ellerby was also worried about the press and politicians, some of whom were known to be less than wholesome. There were defiantly pro Sullivan cliques inside and outside the department. And Sullivan had hired the best crooked lawyer in town - Costello's lawyer, who even now was rubbishing the evidence and casting aspersions on Billy, hence the need to get Billy reinstated ASAP. As Queenan's files could not be unlocked until a replacement Captain was appointed, and getting the contract IT company to find Billy's deleted record from the backups might take weeks, Dignam was resorting to subterfuge to reinstate Billy. At least Billy was getting his back pay, the bonus would have to wait. Dignum had even mouthed the unthinkable about Sullivan's possible fate, which showed how difficult the situation could become. Finally Maddy returned looking very unhappy, and said \"Lets go to your place. There are some things I don't want you to know, about him, yet\". Billy, with a feeling that he did know, replied \"My place needs a good clean, and some redecorating\" \"OK, I understand. It will give us something to do\".[Chapter 6] A week later, Billy picked up Maddy from work and brought her home, along with some more of her stuff. Once home Billy said \"Lets just get the movers in to get your stuff from Sullivan's flat\". He cuddled Maddy. Billy hadn't had to arm twist the detention guards, a session with an enraged Sullivan regarding the baby's parentage had revealed all. Maddy was going to need a long time to forgive Sullivan, though she would visit him in prison. Maybe Billy would as well ... However, prison might not be on the cards. Today, an enraged Dignum had revealed that the unthinkable might well occur. Because of various high level machinations, Sullivan's spin, and Costello's lawyer being able to change a leopard's spots, the prosecution's case was being weakened. Also, Billy and others had found from Costelo's documents and recordings that Brannigan had also worked for Costello, and that many lesser, often unnamed, cops had taken bribes, either \"innocently\" for a beer, or corruptly for cash, so a Sullivan prosecution was lacking credibility since the SIU was looking like a right Aegean Stables. And some politicians clearly had skeletons in their cupboards, so would create trouble in order to secure Sullivan as an ally. At any trial, the press and corrupt ( or own agenda ) politicians would have a field day at police expense. So Sullivan would most likely escape with a demotion back to Sergeant, if not Trooper. Billy had guessed that Sullivan's rapid rise was due to info from Costello, but it would take time to prove it, even where it could be proved that only Costello could be the source. However, Billy had got some satisfaction from the news that Dignum had got Ellerby to agree that Sullivan must treat Billy as Acting Sergeant if Sullivan retained Sergeant's rank. Billy might have to endure Dignam's crap, but Billy would not have to put up with Sullivan's smirks and scheming. ","Summary":" Billy dragged Sullivan to the lift, but having to watch that idiot Brown and the thought of the lon"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"The Transformation of Lillian Mae","Author":"stephanie johnson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1112631","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Ok, obviously I don't own Lil,... wow, I think she's the onlyncharacter actually in it so far... ok, so the rest so far were created bynmy demented brain. Ummm... right, so we all know what happens to Violet,nand Zoe used the Coyote Ugly to get off to a great start at law school, butnwhat is Lil's story? Why does she claim to be married to her bar? What didnthis girl from Piedmont, North Dakota have in store for her? (BTW, thanksnto imdb.com I know that Piedmont is in SD, but for continuity with thenmovie, I made up a town... lol) r/r... this is my first REAL fanfic... thenpatriot one didn't really count... ok, gonna shut up now. \"Lillian Mae, you get your rear back in this house right now!\" A youngnwoman, not more than twenty-four years old, with soft features, warm brownneyes and dark hair called out to the barley fields. A girl, barely nine years old rustled through the barley until she reachednthe open area fifty feet from the door, she ran up to her mother and huggednher knees. \"Aw, Mama, you never let me play,\" the girl whined in her bestnmelodramatics. Her chocolate eyes danced with laughter as her mothernreached down to tickle her as she pushed the girl into the house. \"Listen, sweetie, you know I need you to be a big girl and help me with thenhouse and farming while Daddy's away.\" The woman shut the wooden door andnwatched Lillian pick her doll from the floor. \"When is Daddy coming back home?\" Lillian asked, brushing her doll's hairnwith her fingertips. She was too entranced by Rose, her doll, to notice thencloud that had settled on her mother's features. The cloud lifted asnsuddenly as it had come and Martha smiled. \"I'm not sure, baby, but we need to make sure that everything is just rightnwhen he comes back,\" she said, kneeling next to her daughter. \"Come here,nhon,\" she said, sweeping Lillian into her arms and holding her tight. Rightnthen, Lillian realized that everything in the world was right. She had anmommy who loved her, a nice warm home, and any day now, her daddy would benback with lots of presents for his two favorite girls. \"I love you, Mommy,\" she said, hugging her mother back. She heard a snifflenand pulled away to see a tear falling down her mother's cheek. \"Don't cry,nMommy, we'll make everything perfect.\" That night, after Lillian had been tucked in, Martha went to her own roomnand wrote. She wasn't sure why she was writing, or who she was writing to,nbut she recorded everything on that single piece of paper and hid it awaynwhere children's eyes couldn't see.[Chapter 2] \"Lillian Mae! Get your rear back here now!\" A squeal of tires, a cloud of dust, and two voices howling at the moonnannounced Lillian's departure from her mother one late afternoon. Marthansaw the long dark locks of her only child blowing in the wind as thenconvertible took Lillian from the barley fields of her home, a small townncalled Piedmont, west of Fargo, North Dakota's largest city. \"So where are we going, Jason?\" Lillian asked. The boy driving the oldnChevy was eighteen, tall, handsome, and adventuresome. Lillian had been onna quest to find out where she really belonged and fell in love with his badnboy attitude. \"Well, first we're going to go to a real town, not these boondocks you callnhome,\" he said, flashing her a smile. Jason was from New York City, a darknhaired demon in a leather jacket. He saw that he could easily manipulatenLillian, a small town girl, just recently turned 16, into what he wanted.nHe was testing her limits tonight. When they reached Fargo, with a population of just under 100,000, Lilliannthought that was as far as they would go today. As much as she wanted to benthe rebellious, wild child, she couldn't help but feel some regret fornleaving her mother, knowing that she would be worried. But no matter,nLillian would be home the next day... she thought. After what seemed like ages of driving, the pair arrived in Minneapolis,nMinnesota. Lillian had never seen such a large city. Even though thencombined populations of Minneapolis and St. Paul only tipped just overn650,000 residents, Lillian's eyes went wide with wonder. The sun had setnsomewhere in the expanse of Minnesota, and Lillian's eyes traced thenglittering lights of the city. Jason saw her reaction and acted on it.n\"Look, babe. This is a town. Not even a real city. Maybe someday you'llnwant to go to New York with me. For now, lets just enjoy ourselves withnwhat we've got.\" At that moment, Lillian would have signed her life away tonJason had she been given a pen. Jason parked downtown and they took annelevator to the top of one of the tallest buildings. He laughed at her when she was too nervous to go to the window and look outnover the city. He walked to the edge, placed his hands on the glass andnleaned into it. \"Look, babe. It's safe. Come on,\" he coaxed, holding hisnhand out to her. She looked at him and realized that she was beingnchildish. Her back stiffened and she smiled. She walked forward, puttingnher hand in his, and looked out over the city. He heard her gasp when shenrealized she couldn't see where the lights ended. He watched her eyes dancenover everything in sight. He put a hand to her cheek, then ran it through her dark hair. She turnednto him as he leaned in to kiss her, and she accepted him as if he were hernsavior. When he pulled away from her, she smiled, her skin glowing and herneyes twinkling. \"What do you want most in life right now?\" Jason askednquietly. Lillian didn't hesitate as she looked into Jason's eyes. \"I want to bensomebody else. I don't want to be this small town girl from Piedmont, NorthnDakota.\" Jason smiled. \"I know how we can do that,\" he whispered, his hand coursingndown her cheek. \"How?\" she whispered back, eager to hear what could be done. \"You'll have to trust me,\" Jason replied. \"Without question.\" Lilliannnodded quickly. \"Well, first off is your name. Lillian Mae just isn't a name that people inncities have. Just go by Lil from now on.\" \"Lil,\" she repeated, listening to the name. She hadn't heard anyone callnher 'Lil' within the reaches of her memory. She decided that it wasnacceptable and nodded with a smile. \"Lil, it is.\" \"Alright, now for the look.\" Lil looked down at her clothes- tight, hip-nhugging blue jeans, with a dark blue tank top that exposed her midriff. Shenlooked up in confusion. He had gone shopping with her a few weeks prior andngave some subtle suggestions for her wardrobe. \"No, babe, your clothes arenfine. I meant your hair.\" For a moment, Lillian stiffened. She and her mother both cherished theirnlong dark hair. Finally, Lil realized that she needed to do what hensuggested to become who she wanted to be. \"Where to?\" she asked. Jason smiled, kissed her again, and led her to a cheap looking barbershop.nThere he gave the hairdresser specific instructions. When Lil was told tonopen her eyes, she had shoulder length platinum blonde hair. Her roots werenpurposefully left dark in places to add an extra sense of what Jasonnwanted. There was a good two feet of dark hair on the floor that had beennchopped. At first, she was shocked, but then she steeled herself again andnmade herself become determined to do as Jason instructed. \"Great job. Thanks,\" Jason said as he paid the hairdresser. He walked Lilnout of the shop and they walked along the street for a bit. \"You werenpretty with your long dark hair, babe, but now you're just plain sexy.\" \"So is this it?\" she asked, not sure if she wanted more change or if shenwanted to run home to her Mama. \"The night is young, babe.\" They turned the corner and Jason flashed anlarge man his ID. They walked into the bar and Jason ordered a round ofnJack for the two of them. Lil was at first confused as to how they hadngotten in, then she realized that he must have a fake ID. She tried thenshot of Jack that was put into her hand and started coughing after it wasndown. \"Ah, babe, don't worry about it. It'll get better,\" he smiled,nhanding her another as he downed his first. After the second shot, Lil was already drunk, brand new to the world ofnalcohol. Jason gave her one more just to make sure she was completelynsmashed. They left the bar, and Jason took her to a tattoo parlor. Henhanded the guy a picture and watched as the man stenciled his symbol on hernarm.[Chapter 3] Lil woke up to find herself in the back of Jason's car. She saw the brightnlight of day shining and tried to hide from its powerful rays. When shenlifted her arm to block the sun, she groaned at the soreness. She looked atnthe bandage on her arm and wondered what had happened. Jason turned aroundnfrom the front seat, smiling at her. \"I've got such a headache, Jason,\" shensaid, lifting her other arm. \"It's a hangover, babe. Have you never been drunk?\" he asked, innocently,nknowing full well that she was as innocent as they come. She sat up and looked around once she could open her eyes. They were in anparking lot, outside a cheap motel. \"C'mon, babe, I got us a room. We'll gonback tomorrow.\" Jason supported her as they walked to the room, and he laid her down on thenbed. The clock on the wall showed that it was two in the afternoon. \"Whatnhappened last night?\" \"Well, you started to become the girl you told me you wanted to be. You gotnyour hair cut and dyed,\" he started. \"I remember that... where's this bandage from?\" \"Well, after we went to the bar, we went to a tattoo parlor. Now you havenone, just like mine,\" he replied, rolling his left sleeve up a bit to shownher the design that was now on her right. \"Oh, ok,\" she replied, still a little out of it. \"I'm going to take you out again tonight,\" he said softly, sitting on thenbed next to her. He put his hand on her cheek, then ran it down her side.nShe smiled and nodded a bit. \"But tonight, we'll come back here and finishnyour transformation.\" \"What else is there?\" she asked, completely willing to do anything henasked. \"You're still too innocent, Lil. Tonight, we'll change that.\" An apprehensive look fell over her eyes as the one sober part of her brainnregistered what he was talking about. She struggled to sit up, looking innhis eyes. \"Are you sure? That it has to happen now, I mean. I'm not sure-\" Her words were cut off by Jason's fingers pressed against her lips. \"Shhhh,nbabe. Don't worry about it. I know what I'm doing. You'll enjoy it, Inpromise. If you want me to, I'll even use protection. Now, you said younwould trust me, babe,\" he said, his voice getting softer. He leaned forwardnuntil he was no more than an inch from her. \"Do you want to be the girlnthat I can see you becoming,\" he said, kissing her deeply, but fast, \"or donyou want to go back home to Podunkville, USA?\" he asked, standing andnlooking out the window. Lil looked at Jason, sighed and in an effort that she hoped was comingnacross as tough, she replied, \"Why wait?\" Jason heard the plea of a child wanting to be accepted in her voice andnsmiled inside as he turned to face his creation. He went to her and quicklynran his hands along her body as he kissed her, but then pulled away. \"Notnyet, babe. There's still some more to be done. This will be the end of angreat night.\" That night, Jason ushered Lil around some of the hottest bars in the area.nThey drank Jose Cuervo, Lil's bottle often taken by Jason before she wasnfinished so that she wouldn't be quite as trashed as the night before. OncenJason was sure that Lil was still conscious enough to take part, but drunknenough to be completely willing, he took her back to the motel room to takenthe last bit of her innocence.[Chapter 4] Lil woke to find herself in the motel room. Jason was next to her, proppednup on an elbow. He leaned down to kiss her good morning. \"See, it wasn't sonbad after all, was it, babe?\" he asked in a matter-of-fact tone. \"No, I suppose it wasn't,\" she said, tired and sore. She sat up, taking thensheet with her. \"Come on, babe, I'm taking you home now,\" he said, swinging his legs overnthe bed and pulling on his boxers. She took the sheet with her as shenwalked across the room to the bathroom where she showered and then dressed.nJason drove her back to Piedmont. When they pulled up to the house, Lil's heart froze in her throat. A policencruiser was parked outside the door. She kissed Jason and ran up the steps.n\"Mama? I'm home! I'm back!\" A stern-faced man in the uniform of a countynsheriff rose to meet her. \"Mama?\" \"Lillian Travis?\" the man asked, apology written in his eyes. \"Yes? Where's my Mama?\" \"Ma'am, maybe you should sit down,\" the sheriff offered. \"What's going on here?\" a voice asked from the doorway. Jason walked in andnstood by Lil. \"Your mother, Martha Travis, was killed yesterday,\" the sheriff started.nLil's eyes teared over and her knees gave. Jason caught her fall andncarried her over to the couch where he sat with her. \"A neighbor heardnsuspicious noises and came over to investigate after they had stopped.\" \"No, not Mama... what happened?\" she asked through the tears. \"She appears to have been strangled, best estimation by a man, muscularnbuild, with large hands. There is no sign of forced entry. Do you have anynideas as to who it could have been?\" Lil shook her head through her tears. \"Nobody disliked my mama. I don'tnremember any men being around since my... my father left.\" \"How long ago was that?\" \"I was eight, going on nine. It would have been just about seven and a halfnyears ago,\" she said, shaking her head. \"Well, we're trying to get things settled, find the culprit. If there'snanywhere that you could stay besides here, I'd suggest it. Do you have anynfamily? Aunts? Grandparents?\" Lil shook her head, looking away from the sheriff in shame. \"Well, MissnTravis, we'll be in touch.\" The sheriff looked at the young girl once more,nwishing he could take her home to his wife and take all the troubles fromnher life. He straightened himself and let himself out. \"Oh, babe, I'm sorry,\" Jason said, moving a strand of blonde hair fromnLil's face. She looked at him, eyes bloodshot, and suddenly threw her armsnaround his neck. He stood, pulling her up with him, and held her close. \"Inshouldn't have kept you out so long,\" he started. \"No, don't say that. What if I had been here? I was just thinking that thenlast thing that my mother said to me was for me to get back in the house.nShe probably wouldn't even recognize me now.\" \"You don't have any other family, Lil?\" he asked, tilting her chin up sonshe would look him in the eye. She shook her head and replied, \"No. I've never known my mother's parents,nand she was an only child. My father's family disappeared when he did.\"nJason watched as Lil started walking around her house. She shivered,nfeeling so alone in the world. She went to her mother's bedroom and couldnsmell the faint scent of her perfume. She took the picture of her mothernoff the wall and felt something taped to the back. She turned the picturenover and found, folded up, the letter her mother had written so long ago. \"Quint left Lillian and I yesterday. She's nine years old now. Six yearsnyounger than I was when I gave birth to her. My parents wanted nothing morento do with me after I discovered my pregnancy. Quint and I ran off to hisnfamily's farm, here in Piedmont. I didn't realize then that what he feltnfor me wasn't love. As Lillian got older, I realized how demented he is.nOnce he actually asked me to let Lillian come to bed with us. I finally gotnenough bravado to tell him that he was mentally ill and that he needed tonleave her alone. He turned violent and it took all I had to keep him fromnseriously hurting me. I ran to the end room and took out the pistol I hadnhidden there. I told him to leave. I told him that I wouldn't hesitate tonshoot him if he took one step toward Lillian's bedroom. He must have seennthat I was serious because he went into our room, came out a few minutesnlater with a suitcase and he was gone. Thank God he never actually didnanything with her. I don't know how, but somehow I will take care ofnLillian the way she should be. I can only hope that she will grow upnwithout any of the stresses I had and still have.\" Lil wiped her eyes as she looked up from the paper to see Jason standing innthe doorway. \"Did you find something?\" \"My mother... I'll need to get preparations for a funeral,\" she muttered,nrealizing that her idol in this world was now gone. \"The sheriff came back just a minute ago and said that it was alreadyntaking place. It will be in three days.\" \"But who...?\" Lil realized that she needed to just shut-up and be grateful.nShe didn't have the money to give her mother the kind of send-off shendeserved. \"Oh, Jason, what am I going to do?\" she asked. \"I have nonfamily, no real friends, nothing...\" \"Come with me,\" he replied. Lil looked at the boy, and saw a man in hisnplace. She saw the only strong male attachment she had ever had offeringnher a way to rise above where she was. \"We'll go to New York. I have somenfriends who will help us get set up. Do what you need to here, get packed,nif you would like, sell the house. We'll leave when the funeral is over.\"nJason had been laying his plan out, slowly walking toward her until he wasnstanding just in front of her. Lil threw herself into his arms, so grateful for what he was doing. Shencried into his shoulder and he felt his arms encircle her. He had nevernplanned to fall in love with Lil, only to change her into what he wanted,nuse her, and get rid of her. The pair walked back out to his car. Lilncouldn't stand to be in the house any longer. She threw everything shenowned and a few of her mother's things into two suitcases and left thenhouse, never to return. ","Summary":" A/N: Ok, obviously I don't own Lil,... wow, I think she's the onlyncharacter actually in it so far."},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gizmo and The Gremlin Gang","Author":"TummyTurtle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8150042","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Gremlins, or any of it's characters (Except the new Mogwai, who will have names in the next chapter) Gremlins belongs to Warner Bros. (And others) It was a cloudy day in New York when Billy Peltzer left to return home with Gizmo. Billy had gotten tired of everything in New York, the cars, the noise, so he and Kate Beringer decided to return to their hometown, Kingston Falls. The two also wanted to be in their hometown for their marriage. They left at approximately six AM on a Monday morning. \"C'mon, let's go!\" Billy called through the apartment for Kate and Gizmo. \"Billy, where's Gizmo?\" Kate wandered into the room looking frantic, \"We can't leave without him, and your parents are expecting us at five tonight!\" Billy thought for a moment, and then smiled briefly, wandering out of the room. There, he found a blanket on the couch with a large lump underneath it. He reached down and brushed the blanket away, revealing small Gizmo sound asleep, drooling on the leather couch. Billy chuckled as he picked up Gizmo, who immediately snapped awake. \"Meh!\" He screeched squeakily, flailing his arms and legs about. Billy began to stroke Gizmo's fur and Gizmo calmed. He reached his tiny arms out to hug Billy, and then clung to Billy as they started to move to where Kate was. \"Here he is…\" Billy nudged Gizmo lightly, \"Let's get going.\" The three begun they're journey. Gizmo fell asleep soon after they boarded the car. They went on for about an hour before they got hungry for breakfast. Kate woke Gizmo, who groggily allowed her to carry him in her purse into a fast food restaurant. While they were ordering food, something dreadful happened. The strap on Kate's purse snapped and sent Gizmo tumbling to the floor. He slid across the floor into a large puddle of water. Gizmo immediately began to screech as pain overcame is body. He cried for the pain to stop as tears formed in his eyes and four small balls of fur popped from his back. Kate, Billy, and everyone in the entire building stared at poor Gizmo, who was now huddled in a small ball, crying. Then the fluff balls began to grow and little Mogwai formed in front of everyone's eyes. Many people gasped, and one woman screamed. One of the new Mogwai had bright orange eyes and large white tufts of fur around each ear. Another had a deep red color eyes and was completely white, except for two black spikes on the top of his head. The other two were identical; One green and one blue eye, and completely brown fur. Billy calmly picked up Gizmo and held him tightly to his body as he stared at the other Mogwai. They were staring back. It seemed as if Billy and all four new Mogwai were having a staring contest. Finally, Billy blinked and every one of the new Mogwai burst into laughter. \"We can't just leave them here,\" Billy whispered to Kate, \"We have to take them with us, maybe they won't eat after midnight.\" Kate nearly panicked, but calmed herself quickly. \"Alright….\" She said softly, \"Let's gather them up and leave like nothing ever happened…\" The two did that, each holding two new Mogwai and Billy also holding Gizmo. Then they waltzed out of the building, taking no notice in what the others were doing. They finally made it to the car and dropped all the Mogwai (Except for Gizmo) in the back seat. They traveled the entire way with no problem. Every single one of the Mogwai (Including Gizmo this time) slept all the way. When they arrived, the jolt of the car woke up the four new Mogwai, but Gizmo stayed sound asleep. \"Hehehehahaha!\" One of the Mogwai giggled for no apparent reason. The other three did the same. Billy and Kate stared at them, then at each other. Then they calmly stood up, put the Mogwai in a large travel bag, and went to knock on the door. answered the door. She saw that Billy was carrying Gizmo and nearly fainted. \"Where….Where did you find him?\" She shrieked happily. \"New York…long story.\" Billy shrugged and hugged his mother, then he gestured to Kate, \"You know Kate Beringer, Mom. She used to work with me?\" His mother nodded, \"We're going to get married soon.\" His mom nearly fainted again before welcoming Billy and his soon-to-be-bride into the house. \"I've prepared a nice meal for you, and why don't you just set your bags down and come to the table, alright?\" didn't wait for an answer and walked into the kitchen. Billy shrugged and set down a bag. \"What about the…the…The creatures?\" Kate asked cautiously. \"Oh, well, as Gizmo is, they're asleep.\" Billy lifted a snoring bag to Kate's ear, \"I'll just bring Gizmo with us and leave the others near by so we can hear if they wake up.\" Kate agreed and they walked to the dining room with Gizmo. \"Mom?\" Billy asked calmly, \"Do you want to hold him?\" Billy held up the sleeping Gizmo who squirmed, trying to find warmth. Billy saw that his mother was delighted when she saw Gizmo, and handed him to her. She cuddled the small creature and smiled slightly as he snuggled against her and yawned. \"Aww…\" She mouthed with a very small amount of noise, \"Why don't you two sit and I'll serve you some dinner.\" She set Gizmo in Billy's lap and went to get the food. She returned moments later and the three ate silently, then went to the living room to catch up with each other. \"How have you been?\" Asked Billy as he sat down and laid Gizmo on the couch covered with a small blanket. \"Oh, fine. It's been torture trying to get the Gremlin stains out of the blender and microwave, even after all these years they're still there.\" Billy giggled and so did Kate. Soon it was ten o'clock and Billy and Kate decided to get some rest. They said goodnight to and went to bed in Billy's former room. Billy pulled out the dust covered box he had kept the first batch of Mogwai in and put the new ones in, though they were sound asleep. Gizmo slept in the bed with them. Very late that night, Kate awoke to small whimpers of Gizmo. \"Billy?\" She whispered, \"Billy?\" Billy finally awoke. \"What…?\" He asked groggily. \"Gizmo doesn't sound too good….\" \"Hm?\" Billy listened for a moment and he, too, heard Gizmo's cries and lifted his small friend to see what was the matter. Gizmo woke when Billy picked him up, and began coughing immediately. Billy looked a bit frantic as he studied Gizmo closer. Gizmo's small eyes were drooping; his small mouth was gaping open to get a breath of air, and he looked terribly ill. Kate walked out of the room and soon returned with an extra blanket and a thermometer. \"Here…\" She said handing both to Billy, \"It looks like he needs it.\" Billy wrapped Gizmo in the blanket and began to take his temperature. Gizmo immediately began to chew on the thermometer, as he had the previous time he had his temperature taken. \"Don't chew….No chew…\" Kate said softly as Gizmo stopped chewing. Finally Billy removed the thermometer from Gizzy's mouth and examined it. \"Great…\" He muttered, \"Gizmo has a fever. Mogwai temperatures are the same as human, and his temperature is over one-hundred. He must be sick.\" As if to demonstrate, Gizmo then spit-up all he had eaten that day onto Billy. Billy sighed and handed Gizmo off to Kate, who he clung to immediately after being put into her arms. \"Hold him and try to keep him warm while I go get cleaned off, then I'll do some research on what he has and how to cure him.\" Billy wandered off and left poor Gizmo with Kate. After what seemed like forever, Billy returned. \"I found nothing anywhere, and my dad could tell me nothing. All he said is that what ever Gizmo had done already he would probably continue doing through out the time he's sick…\" Billy massaged his temple softly and yawned, \"How about we get some sleep? We can just get up if we here Gizmo whining or coughing or something. We'll deal with this in the morning.\" And with that, Kate wrapped Gizmo in a blanket, Billy laid him comfortably beside him, and the three fell sound asleep. The next day, Gizmo was a small bit better. He was not longer spitting up every few minutes (Though he still was at times), and his fever seemed to go down. (Gizmo once more chewed the thermometer) But Billy still seemed worried, especially when they awoke to see that the four Mogwai were gone. \"WHERE ARE THEY?\" Billy shouted frantically. \"Where….Why….This can't turn out good.\" Both Kate and Billy began to frantically look for the four, while keeping an eye on Gizmo. Usually one watched Gizmo and the other searched. \"I found some fluff!\" Kate held up a ball of fuzz she had found beside the bed. \"Maybe….Maybe their under the bed…\" Billy thought aloud. Billy told Gizmo to stay, keep the thermometer in his mouth, and not to chew, then started to search with Kate. Under the bed they found one small Mogwai, curled up in a ball; asleep. Billy picked her up and secured her back in the box. \"At least this one didn't eat anything after midnight….I hope no others did either.\" Billy said hopefully. Then he heard a small sneeze from the top of the Bed. Then a moan and a growl. Another sneeze. A small cry. Billy looked on top of the bed. There was Gizmo, sitting and looking as miserable of ever. Then he sneezed. Very quickly, he transformed into a Gremlin. Billy gasped. Then Gizmo sneezed again, and quickly returned to his usual Mogwai form. Billy stared in awe. Then, seeing as what had been happening had upset Gizmo, he picked the ill fluff ball up and began to stroke the fur on top of his head. Immediately, Gizmo vomited, then passed out. Billy held the small, unconscious, messy Mogwai and stared at him with wide eyes. \"What just happened….\" He whispered. Kate heard him, and looked up at him and Gizmo. \"Oh, dear, has he gotten sick again?\" She asked. \"Well….Yes…..Then he fainted…..\" Billy shrugged, \"I have no idea why. A minute ago, every time he sneezed he turned into a Gremlin. Then back into a Mogwai if he sneezed again. I picked him up and rubbed his head, and…And he got sick and passed out.\" Kate, too, looked surprised. \"Do you think…Do you think its part of what he's got?\" She turned to Billy. \"Probably…\" Billy responded, \"I'm not even sure if he has caught a human virus. I mean, when he was just coughing, getting sick, and being miserable it sounded like just a stomach virus or possibly the Flu, but now that all of this has happened, It can't be one of the two. But if it's a Mogwai or Gremlin virus, I have no idea where he could've caught it from. I'm pretty sure things like that can't be carried in people or other animals, and there were no other Mogwai or anything when he started showing symptoms.\" Gizmo then opened his eyes and looked around. He made a small noise, a shriek of pain, and squirmed about. Billy lifted Gizmo, then noticed the mess Gizmo ha made on his shirt. \"Hold him and try to calm him down…Ya know, stroke his fur –Not his head, be cautious about that until we find out more on this- and speak softly to him while I go clean up…again, okay?\" Billy thrust Gizmo toward Kate carefully. Kate took the small furry creature, who was still struggling with pain, and tried to calm him while Billy walked off to change shirts once more. Just as Billy walked off, a large crash was heard from behind. All of them looked –including Gizmo- and couldn't believe their eyes.[Chapter 2] There, standing before a smashed window was a fluffy ball of two Mogwai; the look-alikes. They were huddled together, asleep. One yawned slowly. The other opened its eyes. Gizmo sneezed into a Gremlin. Kate screamed. Gizmo sneezed back. The other Mogwai squirmed and wriggled about. Gizmo began to cough, so hard he fell off of Kate. Kate picked him up and patted his back. \"Why did these two just come bursting through the window all balled up together like that?\" She asked. \"I have no idea…..I'll go see if anything's going on out there. It's not bright outside, so the other could be out there. You stay here with those guys and Gizmo. I'll be right back.\" Billy (Who had changed shirts rather quickly) placed Gizmo carefully in Kate's arms and walked downstairs and out the door. Kate stayed, rocking Gizmo like a baby and eyeing the look-alike Mogwai. As Billy slammed the door shut, the twins uncurled and fell onto their backs, beginning to play with their feet. \"You two are playful, aren't you?\" Kate giggled softly, staring at the two. One looked slightly more feminine than the other, too feminine to be male. \"How could you be a girl….Oh, well. I guess if you don't eat after midnight anytime soon, you need names.\" Kate looked at Gizmo in her arms and, seeing that he looked as if he felt a bit better than before, asked him, \"Gizmo? What do you think?\" Gizmo lay and cooed and made little gurgley sounds. \"Hazel…\" He spaced the two syllables slightly apart. Then he began looking very sick, and curled up in Kate's arms, moaning, \"Nono….\" He closed his eyes and buried his head in Kate's sweater. Kate stroked his fur as she decided which one should have the name. She decided the female should be Hazel. She named the male Pecan so they would both be somewhat named after a nut. She watched Hazel and Pecan wiggle and squirm about, thinking back a day earlier when Gizmo multiplied. How many were there…Four. Four were there. They only had three, so the fourth could possibly be outside. She hoped it hadn't eaten after midnight. Soon, Billy returned. \"I have no idea what happened out there, but….\" Billy held up a small puff of white fur. The puff uncurled, revealing the one with the two spikes. \"Oh, wonderful!\" Kate stated, \"Well, I've named the others, why don't we name him, too?\" Kate was really enjoying the Mogwai and was getting attached to them. \"These two are Hazel and Pecan, and that one should be….\" She thought, \"Macadamia?\" Billy smiled. \"That sounds good, but we can't get attached to these things. You know how dangerous they can be.\" Billy lied Macadamia down and he scurried off. \"I know, but never in my life have I had a pet. Not all to my own….Well, oh gosh, there was that one time….Oh….It was terrible….I was twelve….It was summer, a-and my mom decided I needed something to keep me company since my father died and I was an only child….She bought me a…a little bunny, named Fu-Fu…\" Kate's voice trailed off and her lip began to quiver, \"I can never have a good memory, can I?\" Billy came over and gave her a hug. \"If these guys don't eat after midnight, we can keep them for a while. Besides, what else would we do with them?\" Kate smiled at this. \"Let's just hope they don't eat after midnight, or we're all doomed.\" She handed Gizmo back to Billy, \"We still have one we haven't named, though. The little one that we found under the bed.\" Billy looked over at the box and at the little Mogwai. \"Let's see….I can't think of anymore names so that they can all be nutty, but look at her fur…\" Billy gestured to the Mogwai, \"It's all fluffy, and fizzy….\" \"Let's call her Fizz.\" Kate said. Then her smile turned to a worried look, \"You don't think they'll eat after midnight, do you? If hey did, we would have to….you know, kill them, and I don't know if I can stand doing that to these.\" \"I hope not.\" Billy said, eyeing all of the Mogwai including Gizmo. And at that moment, Gizmo sneezed. His Gremlin form looked exactly like Stripe from the first batch of Gremlins, except his eyes stayed soft and dark, unlike Stripe's. Billy jumped a little, noticing that he was still holding Gizmo. Gremlin Gizmo yawned. It seemed as if he thought nothing was wrong at all. To him, he was still a Mogwai. Just to test, Billy pulled one of his arms from under Gizmo and touched one of his ears, then began to stroke his back, even though the scales were not as pleasant as the fur. Gremlin Gizmo purred and cooed. Billy laughed lightly, seeing that Gizmo knew nothing of being a Gremlin. Then Gizmo sneezed again, returning to his Mogwai form. And, because a Gremlin was so much bigger than a Mogwai, and Billy had only been holding him with one arm, he fell to the floor. He hit the floor and screamed, then began to cough. His scream woke Fizz up, and she ran to Gizmo (AS fast as teeny Mogwai legs can run) and began to take care of him. Billy and Kate watched in awe. She squeaked and squawked and Gizmo nodded or shook his head in response. After watching them for a few minutes, Kate and Billy turned to see only the look-alikes. \"Oh, great.\" Billy mumbled. He lifted both Gizmo and Fizz and directed Kate to pick up the other two. \"We can't leave them here while we look for Macadamia, who knows what would happen. With Mogwai in hand, Billy and Kate went downstairs to look. \"Oh, Hello Bill-\" Mrs. Peltzer stopped mid-sentence, seeing Hazel, Pecan, and Fizz. \"When did those get here?\" \"Uhm, before we got here….\" Billy said nervously. His mother scowled. \"Just make sure they don't turn into those Gremlins! Those things are terrible!\" She said, and Billy said he would try to keep them from doing that before they continued on to find Macadamia. \"Maybe he could be in your basement?\" Kate asked quietly. \"Maybe….We'll check in a minute.\" The two entered the kitchen to a clattering sound. The lid to the cookie jar fell to the ground, and loud disgusting sounds came from inside the jar. Billy cautiously walked over to the jar and peered inside to see Macadamia, munching away on macadamia nut cookies. The worried expression on his face turned to a smile. \"What..?\" Kate asked, realizing what Macadamia was doing, \"Now let's take him back to our room and keep him away from the kitchen. We do NOT want him to do this after midnight.\" Billy agreed, and the two took all five Mogwai back upstairs. It took nearly an hour to pull Macadamia away from the cookies, and as soon as the others saw the cookies they wanted some, too. Billy and Kate had to bribe them each with a cookie if they allowed them to take them upstairs. And surprisingly enough, Gizmo wanted a cookie, too. \"It's a good sign,\" Billy said, \"Maybe this means he's getting better.\" Later that night, Billy's parent's treated him and Kate by taking them out to dinner. They headed out at six, leaving all of the Mogwai there. They trusted Fizz to take care of Gizmo if he needed her, and besides, when they left Gizmo was asleep and the others were secured in their box. As soon as they left, Gizmo woke up. He looked around, found a leftover cookie from earlier, and sat quietly, eating it. He watched the other Mogwai squirm and run amuck in their box. Hazel and Pecan did not like the box, and decided that none of them should be inside of it. They decided that everyone should be free like Gizmo, so they started banging on each wall of the box trying to get one of them to open. After a while they got Macadamia to help, and soon after Fizz. After trying to find an opening didn't work, they decided to try and break one of the box walls down. All four slammed into one wall at once. Nothing. Then again. A cracking sound. Finally, they tried a third time and it fell to the floor and all of the Mogwai flooded out. \"YAAAY!\" Screeched Hazel in her squeaky little voice, \"Free!\" Her and Pecan began exploring under the bed, Fizz began trying to eat a pencil, and Macadamia started searching for more cookies. \"Aw…\" He squeaked, seeing Gizmo was eating the last one. But soon his eyes lit up, and he went scurrying down the stairs to get more. The others followed them, and Gizmo, starting to feel ill again, did the same to get to where he could get to Fizz. Once down there, Gizmo lied down on the couch and began to watch television, Fizz raided the fridge, Hazel and Pecan attacked everything in the cupboards, and Macadamia climbed into the cookie jar and began stuffing himself with cookies. Gizmo soon fell asleep as well as Hazel and Pecan. Fizz retreated to watching TV, and Macadamia continued eating, for he wasn't even half way done with the jar of cookies. No one looked at the clock that read Twelve fifteen. Soon Macadamia fell unconscious in the cookie jar, a thick slime coming over him. Ten minutes passed and he was completely enclosed in a cocoon. Another ten minutes passed and the family returned home, not even noticing the Mogwai in random places because they were too tired to care. The next morning Billy woke up first and headed downstairs. There he found four sleeping Mogwai. \"How…?\" He asked himself, looking around at the mess the little guys had made. Then he looked back at the Mogwai. \"Macadamia is missing…again!\" He growled. He wandered into the kitchen to look around. He looked in the cupbard, under the sink, and finally he lifted the cookie jar lid, expecting to see a sleeping Mogwai. He opened the jar to see a slimy green cocoon. He heard a crack, and then saw a scaly green hand reach from the cocoon. Then Macadamia's head popped out of the cocoon. Billy stepped back with wide eyes. Macadamia stared at Billy. The two remained like that for a while. Then Billy's mother entered the room. ","Summary":" I do not own Gremlins, or any of it's characters (Except the new Mogwai, who will have names in the"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Fools In Love","Author":"Skeptic Soprano","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9910131","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy Peltzer was going to be late for work…again. Not that it mattered much to him, his job as a bank clerk was so uneventful & it really wasn't his fault that his car wouldn't start, but maybe he should have had Mr. Futterman look at it anyway. He trudged through the snow, dogging glances from anyone who would reprimand him, like Ms. Degal, for instance. He opened the door & crept inside, quickly removing his coat. \"Billy!\" The voice of Kate Beringer spoke just above a whisper. She was the bank's pretty brunette secretary. She beckoned for him anxiously, standing behind his desk. \"You're getting better,\" She smiled up at him warmly, as she helped him adjust his clip-on tie. \"You're only five minutes late today, I don't think Mr. Corbin will even notice.\" Billy removed his back pack from his shoulder & placed it beneath his desk. It was the same place he used to hide his dog Barney, it would be a lot easier to hide Gizmo there. He unzipped the bag a little & the Mogwai popped its head up. Billy smirked, putting his finger to his lips, gesturing for Gizmo to keep quiet. He nodded with a tiny cooed & nestled back into Billy backpack. \"So Kate,\" Billy began as he cleared his throat. \"Would you like to go out with me today after work? Seeing as we're getting out early and all…\" He shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck. Kate still made him a little nervous. \"Oh Billy!\" Kate laughed, feeling rather flattered. \"I'd love to, but I can't.\" She turned promptly towards the filing cabinet. \"I'm volunteering at Beaumont Academy. You know, the fancy music school?\" She tipped her head in curiosity & Billy gave a glance of recollection. \"Anyway, I'm helping them get ready for the big Christmas pageant.\" Yep! That was Kate, all right! Always busy trying to help others & barely leaving anytime for herself, even around the holidays. \"But if you want to see me that bad,\" She smiled. \"You could always drop by & watch.\"[Chapter 2] Billy had taken up Kate's offer & had decided to go watch her while she volunteered at Beaumont Academy, maybe he would even help out. So, with Gizmo tucked safely in his backpack, he walked a few blocks from the bank to where a very grand looking building stood, covered in snow. He climbed the iced-over steps to the doors of the school & paused. \"Gizmo, you have to be quiet, okay?\" Billy gazed back at the green bag slung over his shoulder. \"Mmmm-hmmm.\" a small coo emulated from inside. \"Good boy.\" Billy chuckled, as he opened the doors & stepped into the warmth. Beaumont Academy was a very old-fashion looking school house, its wooden arches & rafter were covered in tinsel & garland. Billy glanced at either side of the hall as he walked, trying to figure out what room Kate would be in. Each door had words painted on a small window with black letters. One read Woodwinds , another said Strings & a door on the opposite side, Brass. Billy continued to walk down the hall, hearing the sound of orchestral music being played over indistinct chatter. The music grew louder as Billy came to a large set of double doors, printed on the plaque beside them was the word Auditorium. \"This must be it.\" Billy said, as he pushed the doors open. The sounds in the auditorium amplified & nobody even seemed to notice Billy. He scanned the crowded room, looking for Kate. He saw one young lady admiring a Christmas tree that stood off to the right in the pit. He looked up at the stage & saw girl holding a bassoon on her lap, chatting with another girl who had a clarinet. Still, he didn't see Kate. He was about to turn around & go home, when a group of boys, carrying a tuba stepped passed him & revealed Kate sitting next to a blonde in a wheelchair, who held a violin. \"Kate!\" He called out, putting a hand up in order to be better seen amongst the crowd. Kate glanced up & her brown eyes widened happily. \"Billy, I'm so glad you're here.\" She smiled up at him. \"Oh! Billy, this is Nadine.\" She gestured to the blonde in the wheelchair, who was wearing the same Navy colored uniform that the rest of the girls had on & a pair lace-up boots with metal leg braces fastened to them, which Billy had never seen before. He had to force himself not to stare. Nadine's blue eyes met with Billy's & she remained quiet. Kate giggled, rubbing the blonde's shoulder. \"Nadine, this is Billy.\" Billy knelt down & held his hand out. \"Hello, Nadine.\" He smiled at the shy, young girl. \"Hello, Billy.\" She replied, shaking his hand politely & then continuing to hold it. Billy thought nothing of it & smirked. \"Nadine plays first chair violin here at the school.\" Kate explained, gesturing to the instrument on the girl's lap. \"You see, that's very special.\" Kate fumbled a bit, not knowing enough to explain it properly. \"It-it means she's the best.\" She glanced at the violinist with her eyebrows raised. \"Yes,\" Nadine responded in a rather quiet voice. \" In a way , it means that I'm the best.\" Billy nodded in admiration. \"Wow! That's…that's really impressive.\" And he meant it. She looked down, trying to avoid blushing at the boy. He was very charming & he had a nice smile. She liked the way he smiled at her. She liked the way he looked at her & spoke to her. It made her feel warm inside. A rustling sound & small squeak came from Billy's backpack. He shifted to hopefully distract the girl, who no doubt, had heard the Mogwai. Nadine brow furrowed in slight confusion at the sound. \"Uhh…\" Kate got to her feet & thrust her hands in her pocket. \"Nadine, you've been working all afternoon, why don't you go get a snack.\" Dropping several quarters into the girl's hand. Kate turned Nadine's chair into the other direction & gave her a gentle push. Billy rolled her eyes, at the bag on his shoulder & shook his finger in a reprimanding manner. Kate stood with her hands on her hips, trying to suck a smirk off her face. \"Oh Billy,\" Kate snorted. \"I think she likes you.\" ","Summary":" Billy Peltzer was going to be late for work…again. Not that it mattered much to him, his job as a b"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins 3: I Know What You Ate After Midnight","Author":"Draco Malfoy and Nagini","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6740348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gremlins 3: I Know What You Ate After Midnight Chapter 1: Gizmo's Nightmare Gizmo was happy. He was living in luxury, without gremlins bothering him. He knew Greta was still out there, but she didn't do much harm. The worst she ever did was grab Gizmo and kiss him for half an hour but other gremlins had tortured him. Like Mohawk. And Stripe. They were dead, so Gizmo would always be away from them. He could remember Stripe melting into thick green goo like a videotape playing in his head, but he couldn't remember what happened to Mohawk so well, even though it only happened three months ago. He was remembering all the time he had with Mr Wing and the faintest memories of his siblings and parents. He could recall his uncle had really long ears and was called something like Flappy and he had a twin brother called Wizmo… he could definitely recall that… \"Gizmo, breakfast!\" called Billy, but Gizmo didn't come. He was too deep in thought. \"GIZMO!\" shouted Billy. Finally, Gizmo snapped out of it. \"Mogwai!\" Gizmo replied. \"Foooood!\" Gizmo shuffled to the table as fast as his little legs could carry him, where a large chicken leg was waiting. Hungrily, he licked his lips. \"Gizmo, are you hungry?\" asked Billy. Gizmo nodded. \"You can have the rest of my beef steak,\" Billy said back. \"Don't save it until midnight; you know what will happen.\" \"Gwemlin,\" said Gizmo, deep in thought again. The Mogwai did not want to be a gremlin, so he gobbled up the chicken and the steak as fast as he could. After the meal, Kate came downstairs to find Gizmo asleep on the dinner table, food all over his face. He was dreaming of the thousands of gremlins melting into puddles three months ago. The next thing that happened was Gizmo doing a dance to a song in his friend's house. His friend's name was Furball. But then his dream turned into a nightmare. Gizmo fell into a swimming pool at the dawn of midnight and multiplied a hundred thousand times and then food fell into the pool. Every single Mogwai ate a bit of the food. Gizmo closed his eyes as the hundred thousand Mogwai turned into a hundred thousand cocoons which spawned a hundred thousand gremlins – which were all coming for Gizmo! The gremlins put Gizmo under a bright light underwater and gave him some food. Luckily, before the dream got any worse, Gizmo woke up, shivering and shaking. \"What's wrong, Gizmo?\" whispered Kate. \"Gwemlins,\" squeaked Gizmo. \"Coming to get me.\" \"There are no gremlins, Gizmo! It was all a dream!\" replied Kate. And with that, Gizmo curled into a ball and fell asleep again. Little did Gizmo know that he would meet the last surviving gremlin the next day…[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Greta Returns The first person to wake was Gizmo. Tonight, he had no nightmares because he was so excited about going for a walk (he didn't know why but he just was). \"BILLY!\" Gizmo called. \"WAKEY-WAKEY!\" Billy jumped out of bed with a start. \"Whoa, Gizmo!\" Billy cried. \"Why are you so loud?\" \"Walkies,\" Gizmo squeaked quietly. \"Me want walkies.\" \"Okay, Gizmo,\" Billy replied even more quietly. \"We need Kate to wake up though.\" Gizmo nodded vigorously. Kate was having a lie-in because she was up doing things for Gizmo: cleaning his mess; choosing his favourite TV programme (in Gizmo's case, it was Tom and Jerry); brushing Gizmo's fur when he was asleep (he hated it when he was awake); closing the curtains and countless other things. Gizmo wasn't very happy about that though. It meant that it would be lighter when Kate woke up. Gizmo shouted a load of random things in Mogwai language in Kate's ear and she woke up. \"Gizmo?\" asked Kate wearily. \"What do you want now?\" \"He wants a walk,\" said Billy firmly. \"Okay, let's go now!\" Kate replied. Gizmo jumped out of the bed with a joyful \"Mogwai!\" and walked out of the door before anyone else. It was dark outside and Gizmo was ready, unlike the others, who had just got up. Kate and Billy followed Gizmo. If only they had seen the cloud... There was a dark cloud in the sky. Not your normal dark cloud, it was in a weird shape. Not a sheep or a cannon or something like that, it was the shape of a gremlin . A female gremlin. One that looked lots like – Greta! Anyway, Gizmo, Billy and Kate walked straight past the cloud. If they had seen it, they would have walked back. If they had seen it, they would not have had suffered the wrath of Greta the Gremlin! Gizmo was walking by himself, and Kate and Billy were far behind. He did not stop; the agile little Mogwai continued to run – until he saw a shadow. The shadow of a gremlin! Gizmo then thought on the idea that it was just his own enlarged shadow until he heard a maniacal laugh where the shadow was. It sounded gruff and feminine. Gizmo screamed \"Gwemlin! Gwemlin!\" but Billy said back \"Don't be scared, there aren't any gremlins around here,\" but the green, clawed hands of Greta the gremlin had already taken Gizmo. \"Kissy, kissy,\" growled Greta as her wet lips touched the poor Mogwai. Water is a mogwai's greatest fear and Greta's watery smooching didn't help. Gizmo screeched and fell to the ground. Billy, luckily ran into the bush where Gizmo was being kissed but it was too late – several yellow boils had formed on Gizmo's back. Billy kicked the gremlin into a nearby pond – but now hundreds of new boils had formed after Gizmo being splashed by gremlin slime, water and Greta's smoochy kisses. Gizmo had got wet – really wet. Suddenly the boils burst open and then everyone was showered in little Mogwai balls that slowly but surely turned into Mogwai. Big ones, small ones, fluffy ones, fat ones, you name them, they were there! \"Gizmo, I'll look after these for you,\" said Billy soothingly. All the Mogwai then fell asleep. They thought it was night. \"Come on, little furballs! Follow me!\" called Billy and every little creature in the bush woke up followed Billy to the house. Gizmo went faster than usual, because he was worried that Greta would show up again. She did not, but the postman delivered a note with terrible spelling and handwriting. Gizmo had a small worry it could be Greta's writing at first, but opening it was a terrible ordeal. It smelt like gremlin make-up, which was meant to smell like poo and it had kiss marks all over it. Written in scrawls was: I kissed a Mogwai And I liked it Hope the other gremlins don't mind it I kissed a Mogwai Just to try it Tastes of his fluffy (something was written here that even a Gremlin writing expert couldn't understand) Greta Gizmo screamed. Other gremlins? She didn't mean – she got wet since last time he saw her? The Mogwai hid in the corner, preparing for the worst. ","Summary":" Gremlins 3: I Know What You Ate After Midnight Chapter 1: Gizmo's Nightmare Gizmo was happy. He was"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Critters Vs Gremlins: Desert Storm","Author":"The Bell Tolls for Thee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4366640","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bleh. I got inspired. Sue me. Please review. I do not own any of the critters/gremlins characters/rights, or whatever. I MAY own some of the characters within this story, though. :p Chapter 1: Arrival The space rock drifted through the galaxy at enormous speeds, though, the weightlessness of the void kept the creatures within from falling out. The black balls of fur chittered and bounced, the large chunk of rock from some unknown planet rolling soundlessly. From far off, the shining of a large star attracted the animals' attention, their beady black eyes all focused on the bright light. They grinned childishly, their intelligence evident. The largest animal of the small group came to a small hole in the rock. Its large eyes rolled over the bright star, and to the tiny speck of green and blue not too far off. Its needle sharp, yellowed teeth glinted as its lips parted into an evil looking grin. Its back prickled with sharp, dagger like spikes as it began to laugh. The rest of the creatures chimed in, as if on command, their squeaky, annoying laughing not traveling very far. The void of space was good at keeping dangerous objects silent. The space rocked entered the atmosphere at speeds that would put rocket ships to shame. The animals within had long before tucked themselves into tight balls, a special gland in their veins secreting a sleep-producing hormone. The cool, moist interior of the rock kept the animals safe as the rock hurtled through the thin layers of native gas, broiling flames surrounding the rock. Twisting and turning, the burning rock broke through the clouds over a small town. It was a very early hour in the morning, so the towns inhabitants were either sleeping, or driving wearily down the highway leading to the next town. It was quiet there, and the sound of the meteor seemed to be drowned out by the thick silence. The cool morning air cooled the rock down, the thick flames being extinguished. When it hit the ground, it caught on a patch of rocky earth, sending it rolling. It crashed and tumbled down into a valley, coming to a stop at the base of a cliff. And then, all was quiet again. Thin rivulets of steam and smoke rose up from the cooling rock, and the martian gas began to seep into the cracks. A squeak, and then silence. The animals within were awakening. A yawn could be heard, the hoarse, squeaking vocal chords producing a high pitched squeal. Seemingly all at once, the creatures began to emerge, taking in the native gasses. They liked it; their alien lungs used to much heavier, yet similar gasses. The leader, the one with the thin grey stripe along its back, stepped forward on thin, hairy legs. It growled; a deep, menacing sound. The rest of the animals suddenly began to move, in and out of the rock.. They held small green objects in the their tiny arms. A female, only a bit smaller than the leader joined him by his side, grinning. She barked an order at a passing member of her species, and the animal quickened its pace. The two large, black creatures stared into the horizon, the dipping valley providing them with a wonderful view. The other, smaller creatures skittered quickly around them, carrying the tiny eggs from the rock. The male leaned in close to the female, and nuzzled the side of her head with his. They were the alphas. In an hour, the alpha leaders of the small brood had overseen the construction of a small den. All the eggs had been safely moved inside, nestled gently by the peculiar leaves of the native plants. Now, order less and fatigued, the smaller creatures slept, tucked in tight balls around each other at the lips of the cave. The male and female alphas stood guard by the entrance, watching and grinning as the bright star they had seen from space rose slowly into view. Their eyes met, and their grins grew. They shared a rumbling, coming from the depths of their small bodies. Soon, it would be time to introduce their children to this new planet. It would be time to feed. Ehem... Yeah. That's chapter one! I hope you guys liked it (IF anyone's even reading...)! Read and Review, please. No, seriously. I need to know how you felt about it, cause' then I'll write more chapters![Chapter 2] Dun, dun, dunnnnnn! This is chapter 2! Yeah. I got a good review (Thank you for that, btw), so I decided to keep writing. I hope you guys enjoy. The war is about to begin! Chapter 2: The Feast John Blessing had been working all night long, and his body was aching. His job at the power plant took most of his energy by around three in the morning (Seeing as how he worked the night shift), but he had worked overtime this day. Pulling slowly into the convenience store parking lot, he parked, and got out of his truck. The cool, desert air was refreshing, and John took his time going into the building. It was around six o'clock, so the sun had just risen. Looking around, John noticed that his car was the only one parked in the lot. Where's the clerk's? He thought, puzzled. Must be in the back. He turned, taking another look back at his truck, before entering the store. \"Morning John.\" said the clerk, Albert. John smiled, but said nothing. He was known by the citizens of the town as, what they called an 'asshole', and he didn't think so. Though, he tried to stray as far from conversation as he could on a daily basis. Grabbing his favorite energy drink from the cooler in the back, he enjoyed the cold air for a moment. The sweat that had accumulated on his back disappeared quickly, and he sighed with relief. The store was a common square design, letting John see to the front counter, through all of the six aisles. He looked to the East side of the store, a dull thumping issuing from the all-windowed wall. He craned his neck to see outside, but the shade of a nearby tree blocked the sun, keeping him from seeing the ground. Shrugging, he made his way up to the counter. \"That be all?\" Albert said, looking John in the eyes. John nodded, cringing as the sore muscles in his neck were stretched. \"Long night, I see.\" Albert added, grinning. Again, John just nodded, wanting to avoid conversation with the man. When the windows at the East side of the store shook, both men turned their heads to look. \"What the hell?\" John blurted out, leaving the counter. Creeping slowly to the window, he looked out, but saw nothing. \"Anything?\" Albert asked, staying behind the counter. John shook his head, and turned around. Suddenly, all four large panes of glass shattered, raining broken glass upon the first shelf of bagged snack foods and warm drinks. John whirled, dazed and confused at all the noise. Instinctively, Albert reached under the counter, coming up with a double barrel shotgun in his arms. \"Holy shi– John began, but stopped when he saw the rolling balls of fur. They were all black, and they seemed to hum lightly as they rolled. He looked, confused, as they came to a stop, running into the glass coolers in the back of the store. There were about ten of them in all, and none of them were more than a foot tall. Albert had the shotgun trained on the balls of fur, his eyes never leaving the coolers. He looked at John, his hands shaking. \"Get back.\" he whispered softly, and John took a few quiet steps backward. The fur balls seemed to react to John's movement. They silently unfolded, revealing small black bodies, and short, skinny limbs. Their beady black eyes shined with intelligence, and their backs prickled with thin, sharp spikes. John heard Albert gasp. \"What the fuck are they?\" John blurted, taking a few more steps back. He ran into the counter, and could go no further. One of the creatures giggled devilishly, compacting itself back into a ball. It began to roll toward the counter, and Albert fired a shot. He missed, blowing a hole in the tile flooring. All at once, the rest of them shot forward. Albert howled in pain, and John turned to see a thin needle-like thing sticking from his forehead. \"Shit!\" he shouted, hopping quickly over the counter. The growls and giggles of the creatures drowned out Albert's thrashing fit. The spine must've held some kind of poison. Crawling to Albert's side, John felt the counter shake, the animals slamming hard into the wood. The bottom part splintered, and John caught a quick glance of their furry black bodies. In a frenzy, John plucked the spine out of Albert's forehead, the man seemingly asleep. His breathing was labored, and he had already begun to sweat. These animals packed a pretty toxic poison. Still confused, and scared out of his mind, John grabbed the shotgun off the floor. He pushed himself up against the far wall behind the counter, a chunk of wood raining down from above. \"Die!\" he screamed, firing the other slug through the wood frame of the counter. He heard one of the animals squeal as the wood exploded outward, painting a rack of bagged chips with oozing green matter. The rest of the creatures took advantage, wrapping their small, needle sharp jaws around the shotgun hole. They began to tug and tear at the wood, trying to get in at John. He scrambled back toward Albert, who had dropped a box of shotgun shells near his feet. Crawling under the counter, he grabbed a few shells quickly, and stuffed one into each barrel. From where he now was, all he could see were chunks of wood falling to the floor, and quick flashes of that black fur. Aiming carefully, John hoped he could catch a few of them with one slug. Growling and squeaking, the animals broke through, the counter being split open. John didn't hesitate, emptying a barrel in their direction. One of the animals was caught in the chest, it's insides spraying out of the new hole in its back. The other animals didn't seem to care though, all their black, evil eyes trained on him. He fired the other slug, but missed, his shaky aim costing him his life. Screaming, he threw the gun. It bounced harmlessly off the flank of one of the little monsters and disappeared into the black crowd. He kicked out with his legs, only for them to be clamped down upon by two fo the nasty Critters. The rest of them followed, rolling up onto his chest, and biting into any flesh they could see. While two gnawed on his thrashing legs, another one bit into his throat. He tried to scream, but only blood escaped his throat. After a few minutes, his body stopped twitching, and all was quiet. Nothing but the tearing of flesh, and the crunching of bone could be heard. A few of the animals broke away from John's body and went to work on Albert, who had stopped breathing long before. His body was still warm, and that was all the little creatures cared about. The feast had begun. You guys like? I hope so. I really like this chapter, and had a lot of fun writing it.Tell me what you think with some R&R;, and stay tuned for Chapter 3! It's on it's way! ","Summary":" Bleh. I got inspired. Sue me. Please review. I do not own any of the critters/gremlins characters/r"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gizmo Saved","Author":"Arabella Cauwell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6450289","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: This is a oneshot. It's random and short, and just came about in a conversation with a friend. -waves to Juria- I have not seen this movie for over a decade, so if something is wrong or not following the movie, well then you can let me know and maybe I'll fix it. If not just consider it random, short read. ^^ Gizmo Saved The evil demonic gremlins crept closer to attack the poor defenseless Gizmo. Shaking Gizmo closed his eyes and cowered in the corner afraid for his little plushy life. The main gremlin lifted reptilian arms towards the fluffiness and cackled as it rested lightly against Gizmos throat. Just as he was about to snap the poor things neck, Raiku burst into the room with a fire extinguisher in hand. Letting in the rest of the Ghostbusters, she began to spray them with poisonous gasses and the extinguisher. A couple of them tried to climb up her body, scaly and boney, they clung to her like reptilian leeches. She extended her arms sending the little demons flying every which way. They slowly evaporated as they hit hard into the walls. Thousands climbed up walls and the Ghostbusters. Raiku fought them slowly, inch by inch getting closer to her main goal. The leader, who held Gizmo at arms length in front of him. Raiku paused momentarily to assess the situation, stepping on one of the hellions in the process. She blew at the end of the extinguisher and raised a brow. \"Let him go.\" Was her demand as she pushed the extinguisher in the leaders direction. \"If you spray me you'll get him.\" The leader said trailing his boney little finger across Gizmo's cheek. Raiku smirked a little sadistically as she eyed the Leader, \"Your life says I miss him.\" The leader looked confused and Raiku took that chance to snatch Gizmo over to her and behind. \"Times up.\" She said before blasting him with the extinguisher. The leader crumpled before her and his followers soon came after him. In the end it was just her, the Ghostbusters, and Gizmo. Raiku smiled down at Gizmo as she lifted him into her lap and gave him a hug, \"There there Gizmo, there's nothing to worry about.\" She patted his head affectionately as he leaned into her touch. \"Don't worry anymore the bad guys are gone, but do me a favor will you? Don't ever eat after midnight again.\" Gizmo nodded with wide, innocent eyes as Raiku led him out of the dismal, poisonous foam covered room.[Chapter 2] Note: Oops forgot the disclaimer. It's clearly obvious that I do not own Gremlins or Ghostbusters. ","Summary":" Note: This is a oneshot. It's random and short, and just came about in a conversation with a friend"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Right Kind of Wrong","Author":"Tee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/657739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kevin watched Violet as she was playing the piano. He ever thought he could be in love this much with anybody. She looked up at him from the piano. \"What?\" Violet asked. \"Nothing, I'm just watching you play.\" \"Okay, Whatever.\" As she returned to playing her song, he left the room and went into the kitchen. He grabbed the phone and dialed a number. \"Hey Cammie! Could you pass me a glass?\" asked Sarah. Sarah worked at Coyote Ugly for 3 months now and she was just getting used to things. \"Yeah sure. Here ya go!\" Cammie threw the bottle of the whisky at Sarah. \"Rach!\" Cammie yelled. \"Yeah.\" \"Where's Lil?\" \"She's in the basement.\" \"Thanks!\" yelled Cammie as she jumped over the bar. \"Hey Lil!\" Cammie said as she walked into the basment. \"Hey , what do you need?\" \"I was wondering if I could leave early cause Kevin called and asked me to go with him to pick something up.\" \"Ohhh yeah. Sure. Just tell him Zoe and me are going to go to the apartment after work okay?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" Kevin looked at his watch. It was 10:30 and Cammie wasn't here yet. How was he supposed to prepare and get everything ready for- \"Hey! Sorry I'm late! I just couldn't get here fast enough.\" \"Thats okay.\" \"Okay so where are we going?\" asked Cammie. \"Well first we are going to work on this place and then to the mall.\" \"Okay then. Ohh and Lil said she and Zoe are coming here later to finish it up.\" \"Okay that's good. So now we don't have to finish it.\"[Chapter 2] Violet got into her car. She was going to Coyote Ugly because Lil need her to cover for Cammie. She didn't usually do this, especially with a day like tomorrow, but Lil sounded desperate. When she got to the bar, she could see why Lil need her there. She went into the door and made her way to the bar. When she go there she jumped over the top and started taking drink orders. \"Hey everybody!\" Lil shouted over the bullhorn. SHUT UP!!!!!!!\" Everyone in the very noisy bar became very silent. \"Today we have a special quest, Jersey!\" Everyone in the bar yelled at the top of there lungs, \"Jersey! Jersey! Jersey!\" As they kept on yelling Violet got on the bar and someone gave her the mic and she started singing one of her first songs. Right Kind Of Wrong. ************************************** \"All done!\" yelled Cammie. \"You missed a spot right there,\" Kevin pointed to a spot that was still white on a now gold wall. Cammie took the golden paint brush and stroked over the spot. \"There is that better???\" She looked over at Kevin who looked back at her with those goggly eyes they have in the movies. Kevin all of the sudden turned away from Cammie who was still in her zone. Kevin looked around the apartment and look pleased. \"I think its going really well.\" \"What if she says no.\" Cammie asked out of nowhere. \"I know she won't.\" ************************************** \"Hey Lil!\" \"Yeah Jersey!\" \"What time is it?\" \"1:00 in the morning.\" \"Great!\" yelled out Violet not pleased. \"Why?\" \"Tomorrow I have to go to talk to the record company and a singer about singing some of my songs.\" \"Wow! Is it real big?\" asked Zoe joining the conversation. \"Yeah it is.\" \"Well,\" Lil started. \"Go home why won't ya! You need your rest!\" \"Okay Lil,\" said Violet as she left to go. \"Bye and good luck!!!\" shouted everyone behind the bar. \"Bye and Thanks!!\" yelled Violet. ************************************** \"Come on! I would like to get it before the stores close!\" \"This is New York! The stores never close here!!!!!\" yelled Cammie to Kevin. It was 1:30 and Kevin had to go and get the ring today cause it was on hold. \"Wait here while I go get it,\" said Kevin. They were a little late because Lil and Zoe came a little late. They said Rach would come later. \"Okay.\" Kevin started jogging to the store. When he got there he opened the door and walked in and paid for the ring and left with a black velvet box in his hands. **************************************[Chapter 3] \"Did you get it?\" asked Cammie. \"Yeah, here it is,\" said Kevin as he held out the black velvet box. Cammie took the box and opened it. When she opened it she had the biggest shocked expression on her face. \"How the heck did you get this stone?\" \"Well lets see, for the past 2 months I've been working my butt off try to get money to pay for it.\" \"WOW! This is nice.\" Cammie looked at Kevin with total love-struck-not- love-struck eyes. \"Well I guess we better be going,\" said Kevin. \"Yeah we should....\" ************************************************** \"Hey Kevin! What are you doing here?\" asked Violet. \"Shouldn't you be at work?\" \"Nope. I got today and tomorrow off.\" \"Why?\" \"Ohhh just something came up.\" \"Oh okay.\" \"Can I come in?\" \"Well yeah. I just have a huge meeting tomorrow.\" \"Oh so you don't want me to spend the night?\" \"No, I never said that you couldn't stay...\" ************************************************** Hey guys!! Tee here. I just want to say thank you for reading my fanfic. This is my first fanfic for Coyote Ugly so I hope you like it up until now. I'm still writing the story on paper and today I didn't feel like writing the whole entire chapter, but the new one is going to be the rest of the chapter. I hope that you understand that I do not own Coyote Ugly or any of the characters I use, just Sarah. Please Review and thanks for reading! I hope to update once or twice every week. BYE![Chapter 4] \"UGH!!!!!!!\" said Violet as Kevin got off the bed. He had to go to unload the fish bins that morning and Violet was still asleep. \"Shhhh. Go back to sleep,\" said Kevin quietly as he gave Violet a kiss on the cheek. \"Where are you going?\" \"I'm going to the fish market.\" \"Ohh okay bye,\" said Violet as she fell asleep again. \"Bye.\" ******************************* Violet woke up again at 7:30 really tired. But she had to get up for her meeting. She got out of bed and went to her closet and got dressed. She saw her answering machine light going off. She clicked the button. After she heard the message, she called the record company to say she couldn't make it. They said that they could reschedule for her. With that she grabbed her keys and left the apartment. ******************************* When Violet got to the hospital she went into the ER and got a doctor to take her to the room she was looking for. When she walked in she was about to cry from what she saw. ******************************* Where am I? Who am I? Who is that? Why am I at the hospital? Why do they keep asking me if I remember my name? They say I'm.... Then everything went black. ******************************* Cammie woke up to her phone ringing. \"Hello,\" said Cammie into the reciver. \"Did I wake you?\" It was Violet and from her voice she could tell that she something was wrong. \"Yeah, but its okay. What's wrong?\" She heard Violet cry. \"Come to the hospital. Now.\" ******************************* Who is in the hospital??? Find out in the next chapter ~Tee[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Come Here Now… Gloria and Cammie both got the phone call for Violet. When they got to thenhospital they saw that Rachel and Lil were already there wait for Violet tontell them what happened. When Violet finally came they asked her what wasnup. When she told them they all went into shock. ***************************** Who was that girl that came into my room? She was pretty. I hope can seenher again. But before I ask her who she is and then ask her out I need tonknow where I live. While I'm on the subject of my home, what city am I in?nHm what city am I in? Why was that girl crying when she came in? Why didnshe ask me if I knew who she was? It's not like I know who she is or havenever seen her before. But she doesn't look familiar. I need to… Everything went black. ***************************** Cammie stood in front of Violet. Stunned at what she just heard. Howncould that be possible? Then all of the sudden she hugged Violet afternGloria. Then a nurse cam into the waiting room. \"Is this is waiting party for Kevin O'Donell?\" ","Summary":" Kevin watched Violet as she was playing the piano. He ever thought he could be in love this much wi"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"A Spark in the Dark","Author":"Qille","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7239141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I've been waiting to write this for EVER! This is the untold story of the Gremlin from the school science lab, who I nicknamed Sparky (before I saw the second movie, mind you!). Why is he named Sparky? Find out. This is basically a retelling of the movies (and after and between) from the point of view of Sparky, the Gremlin who survived! Please enjoy! =D A Spark in the Dark Whether you're born a Mogwai or a Gremlin, the very first thing you know is you're name. You don't know why you've been born with this name, but every Mogwai or Gremlin will eventually learn the meaning behind their name in their lifetime. This was no different for a newly spawned Mogwai named Sparky. Sparky. My name is Sparky , was his first though. His eyes slowly adjusted to the room he was in. He was sitting on a cold hard table with a few pieces of paper on it. There were two humans in the room, looking at him. Looking to his left, Sparky saw a cardboard box. He curiously tapped on the side of the box. \"Hello?\" he crooned in the Mogwai language, which, to humans, only sounded like chirping. \"Are you out there?\" responded another Mogwai voice from inside the box. \"Yeah, I'm out here,\" said Sparky. \"What's your name?\" asked the Mogwai. \"Sparky.\" \"Well, hi Sparky. My name's Capper. I don't have any time to explain, but you have to eat after midnight tonight. We've got big plans for this town,\" said the Mogwai, Capper. Sparky's instincts slowly flooded into his brain, and he knew what Capper was talking about. \"Are you gonna Change tonight?\" asked Sparky. Before Capper got a chance to answer, one of the humans closed the box and picked it up. From inside, Capper frantically shouted to Sparky. \"It's all been set up! If you don't Change tonight then you'll be killed! Do it as soon as possible!\" And then Capper was gone. Before Sparky could move, he felt a rough pair of hands grab him around the waist. He freaked out and started squirming, trying to bite the hands holding him. \"Whoa, calm down, little buddy,\" said a deep human voice. \"Put me down, human!\" shouted Sparky, continuing to struggle. The human, however, did not put him down. He strengthened his grip on Sparky, making it hard for him to breathe. The human carried Sparky into a back room, where he found a small bird cage. As the human released one of his hands to open the cage, Sparky saw his opportunity. Sparky violently twisted around and bit the human's hand hard enough to draw blood. The human yelped and dropped Sparky, who fell the the floor. Sparky landed hard on his side, the pain immobilizing him for a moment. However, it was long enough for the human to reach back down and pick him up. He was roughly shoved into the cage. The human locked the cage door and picked it up, carrying it into the front room. When he set the cage on the table, he left to go put a bandage on his finger. Sparky took this moment to sit up and see what had been damaged by the fall. As Sparky got into a sitting position, a flash of pain shot through his chest. He gingerly touched the left side of his ribcage, only to be rewarded with more pain from his broken rib. Sparky groaned and made himself comfortable. It was late afternoon, judging on the light from the outside window. His rib would heal inside the cocoon. However, it also made escape impossible. He would just have to hope for the best. The human came back with a bandage on his finger. What a wuss, thought Sparky. I didn't even bite him that hard. The human bent down, eye level with Sparky. \"You okay, little buddy?\" asked the human. Sparky shook his head, no, and continued glaring daggers at him. \"Yeah, you're right,\" said the human, standing up and grabbing a dark blue cloth from under his desk. \"Billy told me you guys hate the light, so let me just cover you up.\" The human pulled the cloth over the back, top, and sides of the cage, blocking out the dying light from outside. Sparky had to admit, it did help some, but he was still ticked. \"There,\" said the human. \"Does that help?\" Sparky just sat there, glaring at him. The human just assumed that that was a yes, so he nodded and picked up the cage, carrying it over to his desk. He set Sparky down next to a computer and began typing. After half an hour of not doing anything, Sparky started to drift off, feeling his body start the process of healing itself. It helped lessen the pain, but it also made him drowsy. However, he was so drowsy that, as he leaned against the back wall of the cage, falling asleep, he didn't notice the human standing up and opening the cage door. A few minutes later, Sparky opened his eyes and found himself lying on his back on the table in front of the cage. The human was using a tape measure to see how tall he was. \"9 inches tall,\" muttered the human, jotting something down on a note pad. Sparky tried to sit up, but he couldn't muster the energy. He was so tired that he could barely keep his eyes open! A few minutes later, the human picked him up and gently put him back in the cage, closing and locking the door. At the moment, Sparky could care less. He closed his eyes, curled up in a ball, and fell asleep. It was dark out when Sparky woke up. He could tell his rib was still broken, but it wasn't causing him any pain at the moment. Slowly, Sparky sat up. He then crawled to the front of the cage, stood up, and looked out. The only light in the room came from the computer and outside the door. The human was nowhere to be found. Looking at the clock on the wall, Sparky saw that it was half past 11 o'clock. Sparky looked around for some source of food, but there was none to be found. That was when the door to the back room opened and the human came back in. He was carrying a hypodermic needle. \"Oh good, you're awake,\" muttered the human. He pulled the cap off of the business end of the needle and slowly walked towards Sparky. \"Give me your arm, buddy.\" Before Sparky could back into the dark corners of the cage, the human grabbed his right arm and jammed the needle into it. Sparky screamed, not really from pain, but more because it freaked him out. Then the human started to draw blood, and that was when it started to hurt. The human started talking, but Sparky didn't really hear what he was saying. The second the human took the needle out, Sparky yanked his arm back inside the cage. He drew back into the corner, so he didn't see what the human did with it. After a while, he heard the human leave again. He crept towards the front of the cage and again found the room empty. He looked at the clock, and a jolt of excitement shot through him. It was past midnight. \"Let the game begin,\" muttered Sparky, rubbing his hands together maliciously. He began fiddling with the lock, trying to pick it. However, the door handle jiggled and Sparky stopped, backing up. The human entered the room again... carrying a large bag of chips and a sandwich wrapped in tin foil. Sparky's eyes widened with hunger. The human came back to the computer and sat down. He opened the bag of chips and unwrapped the sandwich. He kept the chips in his lap, but he put the sandwich down right in front of Sparky's cage! The foil was just within his reach. Now all he had to do was wait... \"I hate waiting,\" muttered Sparky. It was just past 2 o'clock in the morning. The half eaten sandwich was still within his reach. It was just that stinking human! He simply refused to leave! \"C'mon, you've gotta be getting tired by now,\" muttered Sparky, ready to pull out his fur in frustration. The human ignored him and reached over, picking up the sandwich. He took a bite out of it and set it back down on the foil. \"STOP EATING!\" shouted Sparky. \"I need that...\" This time, the human seemed to respond. Maybe they weren't as stupid as they make themselves out to be. The human looked over at Sparky, looking tired. \"That's it for me, little buddy.\" With that, he picked up his bag of chips and left, leaving the sandwich. An evil smile crept across Sparky's face and, as soon as the human closed the door, Sparky pressed himself against the cage door, reaching out through the slot in the bars. His fingers gripped the foil and he dragged it closer to himself. Finally, the sandwich was in his reach. He pulled it into the cage and devoured it in less than a minute. Now all he had to do was wait... Sparky made his way to the center of the cage and sat down. It took half an hour for the Change to finally start. Sparky found himself unable to move. A sticky, slimy substance started oozing out of his fur, coating him with a layer of slime. The outer layer stiffened, enclosing him in the cocoon. The cocoon started to grow larger and, eventually, took up the entire cage. Inside, Sparky slipped into what would be classified as a coma, but that was natural. As he lost consciousness, he felt all of his fur falling away, being absorbed into the cocoon. His skin started to harden into scales. As his bones started to shift, he finally fell asleep. The Change had begun. A/N: This chapter was actually kinda easy for me to write. I'm a die-hard Gremlin at heart, so I think I've got their personalities down pat. I'm sorry this chapter is short, but Sparky didn't have much time as a Mogwai. The chapters will get longer, I promise. Thank y'all for reading, and leave a review, or Sparky will find you...[Chapter 2] A Spark in the Dark When Sparky emerged from his cocoon, he wasn't in the cage. He was in a cardboard box. Looking around, he saw that there were pieces of his cage stuck to his cocoon. The human must have put him in there. Sparky was surprised that he could see so well in the dark box. It must be his new Gremlin eyes. He brought his hands to his face, feeling the difference. He no longer had fur; he now had slime-covered scales. Putting his thumb in his mouth, he found that his teeth were pointy and dangerous. He looked at his hands and found them to have longer, thin fingers that were tipped with claws. \"Interesting...\" muttered Sparky. He looked down at himself, seeing the rest of his Gremlin body. He was taller now; he had been 9 inches tall as a Mogwai, and now he was about 25 inches. That was when he heard it. Slowly lowering his large ear as close to his chest as he could go, he listened to his heartbeat and found it at least five times faster than it was when he was a Mogwai. Sparky looked up at the lid of the box and smiled a toothy Gremlin smile. Instead of hitting the top of the box to get out, he thumped his fist against the side, where he knew the edge of the table was. After a few more hits, the box fell to the floor and burst open. Sparky tumbled out and a bell rang. Quickly, Sparky hid under the first desk he could. He saw the legs of about thirty humans leaving the room, and he ignored the sudden urge to dash out and bite as many ankles as he could. Instead, he stayed put. About a minute later, the room was empty. Only one human remained, and Sparky recognized him. It was the human that had stuck a needle in him the night before! Sparky rubbed his arm where the needle had gone in and snarled. He prepared to pounce, but the human dashed out of the room, leaving the lights off. Sparky immediately formulated a plot for revenge. He quickly crawled out from under the desk and ran into the back room. He instantly located a large box of hypodermic needles. He took the entire box and hid them under a desk in the front of the room. Now all he had to do was wait until the human came back. A few seconds later, he realized something: he hated waiting. Sparky sighed, bored. But that was when he looked around and saw a strange hole in the wall. He slowly walked over to it and curiously stuck his finger in it. ZAP! Sparky yanked his finger back out as he got electrocuted. His entire arm went numb and his adrenaline surged. He waited a minute and he regained feeling in his arm. But after another minute... he stuck his finger back in, getting electrocuted again. This time his arm didn't go numb, but a strange tingling feeling came over it, traveling all over his body. He smiled, liking the feeling of the electricity flowing through him. Maybe that's why my name's Sparky... Sparky pulled his finger out and stuck it back in again, but this time, nothing happened. He had burned out the electricity in this outlet. Disappointed, Sparky looked around for something else electric. That was when he laid his eyes on the machine in the middle of the room that looked like it could give a shock. Sparky made his way to the machine in the middle of the room that had pictures coming out of it. He quickly crawled up on it and flipped a switch. The pictures started going backwards. Sparky started giggling, but that was when he heard the door open. Quickly, Sparky ducked down behind the machine and hoped that the human didn't turn on any lights. The human started walking towards the machine, and he turned it off, his hand almost touching Sparky. The human started to walk away, and Sparky breathed a sigh of relief. He quickly peeked above the edge of the machine and saw the human looking the other way. Smiling evilly, he turned the machine back on and jumped down. Sparky started to run back to where he had hidden all the needles, bumping into tables and chairs as he went. He then sat under the desk and waited. A few seconds later, the human bent down, right in front of the desk. In his hand, he was holding a piece of food. It did look good, and Sparky was hungry. \"Yum, yum,\" he muttered in the human language to tell the human to stay there and let him eat. The human seemed to understand. Sparky crept forward and devoured the piece of food. The label on the side said Snickers ... Sparky didn't know what that meant, he just knew that he could read human words now with his Gremlin brain. The human started saying human words again and Sparky remembered what his revenge was. He smiled at the opportunity presenting itself. The human's hand was right there... Faster than the human could react, Sparky ripped the food wrappings out of the human's hand. He then bit down on the human's fingers, his razor sharp teeth severing the three middle fingers. The human screamed and Sparky spit out the digits, grabbed the human's wrist, and bit down on it. Using all of his strength, he yanked the human under the desk. The last thing the human saw was Sparky's face. Sparky used his razor sharp claws to rip open the human's throat. The human made a gurgling noise, and Sparky grabbed a handful of needles. He jammed them all into the human's face. The human was spilling some salty liquid that Sparky could only assume was his blood. Sparky jammed about fifty more needles into the human's face. He used all but one needle. That was when the human stopped struggling and went still. Sparky stepped back and picked up the last needle, breathing hard, blood dripping from his hands and mouth. This was his first kill, and it was exhilarating! Sparky stepped out from under the desk. He walked around and inspected the human, trying to figure out where to put the last needle. After a few minutes, he stopped to wipe the blood off of his hands and mouth, using the pant leg of the human. He stood up again, but that was when he heard someone coming down the hall. It had to be the other human from the night before! Sparky quickly jammed the last needle in the dead human's butt, which seemed fit. He hid behind the desk just as the human turned on a light near the door. He heard the human walk around for a bit before laying eyes on the dead human. Sparky knew exactly what this human was going to do. The human lunged for the talking device called a phone and grabbed it. However, right as he grabbed it, Sparky reached up and clawed the back of his hand, most likely cutting a vein. The human yelped and jumped back. Then Sparky got distracted. When he had clawed the human, he saw something round and red on the desk. He reached up and grabbed it, trying to eat it. Well, he was still hungry after all. \"Yuck!\" growled Sparky, tasting the red thing. He flung it up back onto the desk. Still looking for food, Sparky reached up on the desk and grabbed a test tube. He bit it, but spit out the glass. There was no food here. Looking to his left, Sparky saw an air vent. He slammed through it and ran through the ducts, coming out in the hallway outside of the room he was just in. Looking through the windows, Sparky could see that the sun was minutes away from setting. In fact, he could go outside right now if he wanted to and the light would be too weak to kill him! Instead, he looked around, curious, and saw a door with a red cross on the window. He quickly ran inside. The second Sparky closed the door, he heard the door to the other room open and the human come out. Knowing he had to hide, Sparky climbed up onto a counter and hid in the cabinet. Just as he closed the cabinet, he heard the door open and the human come in. The human stayed in the room. He must have grabbed something from the counter, and Sparky could tell from some strange sixth sense that the human was getting closer. As soon as he felt the human touch the cabinet door right next to him, he burst out with a snarl. The human completely freaked out and stumbled across the room. Sparky grabbed whatever he could and threw it at the human before jumping down from the counter and smashing through the air vent. Sparky followed the scent of fresh air and, only thirty seconds after entering the air ducts, burst out into the snow. Gremlins have a body temperature of about 20 degrees, so it wasn't enough to melt the snow. In fact, the snow didn't bother Sparky at all. Sparky quickly dashed to the road. At that moment, a large snowplow drove by. Using his ninja Gremlin moves, he jumped onto the back of the snowplow, catching a ride. A minute or two later, the snowplow pulled into a drive way and slowed down before driving into a garage. Sparky hopped off when it slowed down and made a mental note to come back later that night and play with it. Sparky looked around and saw a house with really messed up Christmas lights, almost as if something had gotten tangled in them. Deciding to check out that house first, Sparky went over to the window. He climbed up the tree next to the window and looked inside. The first thing he saw was Capper, climbing up into a Christmas tree. In his hand he held a wire he had ripped from the telephone. Sparky tapped on the window to get his attention. Capper turned around and, when he saw Sparky, signaled for him to stay quiet and hide outside. Sparky gave him a thumbs up before hopping down from the tree and running over to the car parked in the driveway. He quickly slipped under the car, out of sight. Now all he had to do was wait. But Sparky hated waiting. After a few minutes, Sparky looked up at the car he was under. Some of those wires looked interesting... Without hesitating, Sparky ripped out a couple wires. None of them really gave him a shock though, so he just started to mess with them. That was when he heard footsteps. Looking out from under the car, Sparky saw the human. He quickly shoved the wires back where they looked like they weren't supposed to go and scrambled out from underneath the car, just as the human ran inside. Sparky ran back to the house and climbed up the tree. He looked through the window... ...just in time to see Capper get decapitated by the human and have his head thrown in the fireplace. So that's why his name was Capper, thought Sparky as he slipped from the branch he was holding, falling to the ground and getting buried in the snow. Suddenly, the sound of shattering glass brought him back to reality. He shook the snow out of his eyes in time to see a Gremlin with a stripe burst through the window and dash off into the snow. A minute later, the human came out the door with another human, the one Capper had been trying to choke. They went off in a different direction. Sparky took the opportunity to go inspect the damage. He shook of the shock and stood up, brushing the snow off of himself. He then climbed back up into the tree and through the hole in the window. He hopped down and looked around, immediately finding Capper's body. He shuddered at the sight of the spine sticking out and blood slowly oozing out of where the head used to be. He cautiously backed away and slowly made his way into the kitchen, where he could smell more Gremlin blood coming from. The kitchen was a horror show. There was green Gremlin blood everywhere, all over the walls. He looked towards the microwave and saw that someone had exploded in there. That was when he heard a strangled gasp come from the counter top. Sparky pushed a chair over to the counter and hopped up. What he saw shocked him. On the counter top lay another Gremlin, a knife stabbed through it's stomach. It was still alive, barely. The Gremlin weakly looked over and saw Sparky. He unclenched his fist a little, signaling Sparky to come. Sparky quickly came over to him and bent down to hear what he had to say. \"Find Stripe,\" the Gremlin choked out. \"Kill Billy.\" \"Who?\" asked Sparky. \"The human...\" gasped the Gremlin. \"Kill him... kill him...\" The Gremlin's eyes rolled back and it went limp, dying. Sparky took a few steps back, almost falling off of the counter. He caught himself, but ended up jumping anyways. He dashed out of the kitchen and back into the living room, where Capper's body still was. At least his death had been quick and painless. Suddenly, Sparky heard the door open behind him. He quickly hid in the Christmas tree as the human, Billy, came in and looked at the damage. Sparky snarled when he saw that the human was armed. The human stayed for a few minutes before leaving. As soon as the human walked out the door, Sparky went out the window, following him. He silently trailed the human all down town. When the human came near a large building with a hole in the door was when Sparky saw the Mogwai in his backpack. I wonder who that is, thought Sparky. He must be evil if he's friends with a human! The human and Mogwai went into the large building, but Sparky stayed outside. He could smell water inside. Sparky hid in some bushes near the entrance to the building. Now all he had to do was wait. But Sparky hated waiting. However, he didn't have to wait for very long. After a minute, an alarm went off inside the building. Then, about 30 seconds later, the human came running out. Sparky hid from view and continued watching. Lights filled the building and Sparky saw the shadows of thousands of Gremlins! He sensed them moving towards the door. The first Gremlin to come through the door was the one with the stripe, who, according to the Gremlin that got stabbed, was named Stripe. As Stripe and his army came closer to the bushes, Sparky stepped out. \"Who are you?\" demanded Stripe. \"Sparky.\" Stripe's face lit up. \"I know you!\" he exclaimed. He took Sparky by the arm and continued walking, leading his army through the streets. \"You're Capper's Gremlin!\" \"Uh... yeah,\" muttered Sparky. Stripe laughed. \"Well he told me you'd come. You're gonna help us get rid of all these humans...\" \"Alright,\" said Sparky. \"I'll do it.\" Stripe grinned, showing his teeth. \"Welcome to the army...\" A/N: Okay, let's count how many times Sparky got electrocuted in this chapter! One... two... three... that's it. I'm totally gonna keep track! Also, I think Sparky may have ADHD with his inability to wait for more than three seconds. I have ADD, so I know what the difference is. Review! Or Sparky AND Stripe AND Stripe's army will find you...![Chapter 3] A/N: Important chapter. You meet my half-OC Otto. He's my half-OC like Sparky. Shown in the movie but not really given a personality, so I just gave him one. =D By the way, sorry it took so long for me to update. I went out of town on Monday and I just got back today. A Spark in the Dark Sparky followed Stripe and the rest of the army through the streets. Stripe hadn't said anything since the initial greeting, and Sparky was nervous, though he didn't let it show. Suddenly, Stripe stopped. He turned and faced the others. \"Alright boys, we've got a long night ahead of us. Aim for destruction. I want this town leveled by daybreak! We'll meet in the old movie theater to wait out the day, but by that time, we'll have killed all the humans!\" Stripe's short speech was met with cheers from all the Gremlins. One Gremlin even picked up a rock and threw it at a street light, smashing it. The army moved forward. Sparky started looking around, and he saw that he recognized where they were. They were in the human's neighborhood. What was that human called again, thought Sparky as he watched the Gremlin army disperse. Oh yeah. Billy. Sparky saw that Billy's house was being looted, so he turned to the house next door. That was when he remembered the snow plow. Sparky made a beeline for the garage door. He squeezed under it and saw two other Gremlins already in the snow plow. The first Gremlin was happily ripping up the seats, but the one at the wheel seemed to be having a bit of trouble getting the thing started. Sparky jumped up in the cab. \"Need some help, boys?\" \"No!\" exclaimed the one standing at the steering wheel. \"We're fine. I know how to drive.\" \"Yeah, but you don't know how to hotwire it, do ya?\" asked Sparky, smiling. \"You can do that?\" asked the Gremlin at the wheel. \"Watch and learn!\" Sparky hopped down off of the seat and went under the dashboard. He ripped off the panel and looked at the exposed wires. That was when something strange happened. The wires started to fade into different colors. Half of one wire would be blue while the other half would be green. Sparky shrugged and cut the wires right where the colors met. He then connected each color to the right one, and the engine started. Sparky hopped back up onto the seat to find both Gremlins staring at him. \"How did you...\" muttered the Gremlin by the wheel. \"I got skills,\" said Sparky. Suddenly, his ear perked up and his sixth sense kicked in. \"There's a human right outside.\" The Gremlin at the wheel smiled and started laughing. \"Then let's go meet him!\" He quickly turned to the other Gremlin. \"Chewy, go down there and press that small pedal.\" The other Gremlin, Chewy, spit out a piece of seat cushion and jumped down. He put his entire body weight on the gas pedal. CRASH! The plow crashed through the garage door. Sparky saw that he was right about the human being there. The human screamed and ran back into his house. The Gremlin at the wheel continued laughing as he turned the wheel, chasing after the human. They crashed right through the wall. Sparky jumped up on the dashboard to get a good look at what was happening. Now there were two humans! One of them looked female. They were both screaming and pointing at the plow. Suddenly, they were backed into the wall, trapped. Sparky and the other Gremlin laughed as the plow eh... plowed into them. THUMP! The plow stopped and the humans were nowhere to be seen. Chewy jumped out and ran further into the house, but Sparky and the other Gremlin ran out, still laughing. \"That was awesome!\" exclaimed the other Gremlin. \"Where'd you learn to drive?\" asked Sparky, still laughing. \"I didn't learn anywhere. It just comes with the name,\" said the Gremlin, looking at his claws. \"What's your name?\" asked Sparky. \"Otto. And you?\" \"Sparky.\" \"That explains it.\" \"I hate to admit it, but that was impressive,\" came a voice from in front of them. They both looked up to see Stripe, his hands on his hips, smiling. \"Thanks,\" muttered Otto, lowering his eyes so that he wouldn't make eye contact with his leader. \"Sparky, I got a little job for you,\" said Stripe, a murderous glint in his eye. Sparky looked at Otto. Otto shrugged. Sparky stepped forward, and Stripe slung an arm around his shoulders in a somewhat friendly way, but also so that he was positioned to claw Sparky's eyes out if he tried to escape. \"You too, Otto!\" yelled Sparky. Otto hesitantly came forward and Stripe grabbed him too. He started leading them both down the street. \"Otto, I want you to go and find the guys that mugged the carolers. Bring them over to that giant house on the corner.\" \"O-okay!\" exclaimed Otto. Stripe let go of him and he scurried off to find the others. \"What about me?\" asked Sparky, less afraid of Stripe. Stripe just smiled and continued walking. \"Do you think you can do that?\" asked Stripe. \"You insult me,\" muttered Sparky. He leaned forward and moved the branch aside, looking for the others. His eyes found Otto, who gave him the thumbs up. \"Go get 'er,\" muttered Stripe. Sparky hopped down from the tree he was hiding in and dashed up to the porch. He peeked in through the dog door and saw the old female human across the room. Her back was turned and she was feeding her cats. Sparky gave Otto a thumbs up and hopped through the door, hiding behind the stairs. From outside, he heard the sound of the other Gremlins singing the Christmas songs. The old human lady growled something and picked up a jug of water. Sparky hoped for her own sake that she didn't splash them. The old lady opened the door and that was when Sparky made his move. He opened up the panel on the electric chair and cut the wires. The colors appeared immediately and he quickly \"fixed\" them, just like how he had \"fixed\" the traffic light on the way over. Suddenly, Sparky heard the old lady scream behind him. He quickly snapped the panel back in place and turned to see the old lady slam the door shut and lock it like a billion and two times. She was so busy screaming that she didn't see Sparky dive through her legs and out the dog door again. He tumbled off the porch and stepped back to watch. From inside, he heard a scream. Then... CRASH! The old lady and her chair went flying through the window and landed in the front yard across the street. All the Gremlins watching burst into laughter. \"I can beat that!\" exclaimed Otto, stepping up. He looked over and saw a police car stopped by the yard. He quickly ran under the car and pulled a tube out, disabling the breaks. \"Sparky, c'mon!\" Sparky followed Otto and they found an empty red pick-up truck. Sparky started it and Otto took the wheel. Sparky stayed down by the pedal. \"Okay... wait for it...\" muttered Otto. Sparky heard the sounds of sirens. \"NOW!\" Sparky pressed down the gas pedal and the truck lurched forward. Otto made a hard left turn, and Sparky felt something hit the truck. Something exploded behind them. Otto let out a wicked Gremlin laugh and the car ran into something, stopping. Sparky and Otto climbed out of the car, and Sparky saw that the car had crash through the bank wall. \"Nice driving,\" muttered Sparky sarcastically. Otto smiled and looked at his claws. \"Wait 'til you see what hit us from behind.\" The two went back outside and saw the police car flipped over in the middle of the road. Sparky could just see two figures in the car, not moving. \"Impressive, but you didn't send them flying across the street!\" exclaimed Sparky. \"No, but I did flip their car over,\" said Otto, hands on his hips. \"Touche,\" said Sparky. \"Hey, where's everyone going?\" asked Otto, looking over Sparky's shoulder. Sparky turned around and saw that a large group of Gremlins were pouring through the door of a building called \"Dorry's Bar.\" \"Let's go check it out,\" said Sparky. The two Gremlins walked into the bar. Things were about to get interesting... A/N: Okay, that's all I feel like writing tonight. I've been watching this movie called Critters. Very strange movie, but it's a lot like Gremlins. They've got the movies on YouTube. I'm on the second movie. There's a hilarious part in the first movie where two Critters are talking (they talk like Gremlins, but the editors put captions on the screen so you can see what they're saying), and one is like \"They have weapons\" and the other is like \"So what?\" and then you see the mom stick a gun out the door and blow up the second one, and the first one drops the \"f-bomb!\" It was hilarious! ","Summary":" A/N: I've been waiting to write this for EVER! This is the untold story of the Gremlin from the sch"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Resetting the chessboard","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10818453","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy wondered if he should text their possible destination to Sullivan. Twice now, he had texted details to Sullivan, and twice they had still evaded the police intercepts, just. Twice Billy had called wolf by making the excuse of checking for a second police car tail. The police were getting cleverer in tailing Costello, but because of the mole Costello was getting away, just. On balance Billy decided not to send the text and switched off the phone. The risk was just too great. Something was wrong. He had felt it from the first when Sullivan contacted him. Although he was supposed to be watching the rear wing mirror for cops, Billy thought back to that night when Sullivan had first called him. He had thought; why had Sullivan wanted to recall him? Dignum would not have given a dime for Billy. Something was wrong, had to be wrong. Was Sullivan up to the job of running him? Was Sullivan just a jumped up cop? Was Sullivan really kosher? Yes, was Sullivan the real deal? Was Sullivan even real; Billy had always been faced with that problem which is why he had not responded to Sullivan;s recall. Now Billy was really worried. Billy continued to watch the road, scanning it for cop cars. Then Costello's phone rang. It could be the mole. Billy listened, though it never revealed anything useful. Evidently the mole was having a bad time getting info to Costello, and an even harder time distracting the police intercepts. As on the previous two night jobs, there were several increasingly angry conversations over the next ten minutes as the cops played cat and mouse. Then Costello snarled again what would happen to Sullivan if they were caught![Chapter 2] Billy came alive. Now he had to lie low and act as if he had either not heard or Costello had said nothing. Finally they got to the delivery point. Billy suggested that he act as lookout; Costello immediately said yes. Billy returned to previous critical road junction a quarter of a mile behind, and hid. Eventually some police cars did approach, but manoeuvred for a different exit. Should he try to get their attention? As it would be difficult, Billy was uncertain, and let the opportunity slip by. With mixed feelings Billy phoned Costello and told him about the car, and then said that maybe Costello should not pick him up and just leave in case more cops came. Costello agreed that Billy should return to Boston immediately. That was perfect. Billy could make out that it had taken him all night to get home because he had not wanted to risk calling a cab. Instead, he walked to the first diner and paid a lorry driver a tip to drop him in North Boston. After sneaking home, he could claim that he needed a day's rest and put the time to other uses. The only problem was that his car was still in Costello's car park, so he would have to go into South-ey, even though he wanted the next night off.[Chapter 3] After a couple of hours sleep and a bite to ear and drink, Billy wrote a letter to the police. Who to was another matter. After a couple of drafts, in hard to trace capitals what was written was : \" To any Police Captain (or Sergeant Dignum), I am Queenan's informant inside Costello's gang. Costello's mole now has control of the contact phone. Costello had Queenan tailed and then sent in a kill squad. We had to separate - I was the real target. The police officers who were on the scene may have been part of an unauthorised(?) tail, if so The Mole was responsible for informing Costello where we were. The improved police tailing is getting to Costello - he got so mad that he called the mole by name - SULLIVAN. Staff Sergeant Sullivan who claims to have taken over from Queenan and that Dignum is on sick leave. Sullivan also wanted me to report in (claiming the SIU was worried about me) - Dignum would never have done that, he regards me as disposable. Open Queenan's files (or contact Sergeant Dignum) and find out how to contact me directly. I can't hold on for much longer . Costello and Sullivan are trying everything to discover who I am. Queenan was going to extract me. I will run and ignore what Dignum will do to me if you do not re-establish contact soon. Do not contact the FBI under any circumstances - Costello is a protected FBI informant and Queenan found proof to back this up. Costello is said buy protection by providing information on rivals, the Providence Mafia, and people who he has no use for. \" Unfortunately this seemed too long so Billy wrote a shorter version : \" To any Police Captain (or Sergeant Dignum), I am Queenan's informant inside Costello's gang. Costello's mole now has the contact phone. Costello had Queenan tailed and then sent in a kill squad. We had to separate. The police officers on the scene may have been involved, if so The Mole was responsible for informing Costello where we were. The improved police tailing is getting to Costello - he got so mad that he called the mole by name - SULLIVAN. Staff Sergeant Sullivan, who wanted me to report in (claiming the SIU was worried about me) - Dignum would never have done that, he regards me as disposable. Open Queenan's files (or contact Sergeant Dignum) to find out how to contact me. I can't hold on for much longer . Costello and Sullivan are trying everything to identify me. Queenan was going to extract me, so I will run and ignore what Dignum will do to me if you do not re-establish contact soon. Do not contact the FBI under any circumstances - Costello is a protected FBI informant and Queenan found proof to back this up. Costello buys protection by providing information on rivals, the Providence Mafia, and people he has no further use for. \" Billy then packed a bag with a full change of clothing and writing materials, and concealed it inside a big nondescript plastic shopping bag. He sneaked out of the house by the back route and headed for the SIU.[Chapter 4] It was mid morning by the time Billy reached the SIU. Doing his best to hide himself under a hood and affecting a limp, he went inside and up to reception. This was not a normal public area, being for police and special visitors, as he had been a year ago. The receptionist was not immediately forthcoming but eventually Billy learned that Dignum was on leave and there was only Captain Ellerby or Acting Captain Lazall who normally provided night cover. Billy addressed his letter as : \"Captain Ellerby / Lazall cc Staff Sergeant Dignum, PRIVATE, EVIDENCE, State Intelligence Unit\" Billy then gave the letter to a receptionist to go into the internal mail. Then he ran to the lift, at a suitably slow pace. Once outside the SIU and outside any CCTV view, Billy changed his jacket, put on a cap, and then headed to the Public Library.[Chapter 5] Billy's search through the library's phone directories did not take long. No was listed. Billy suspected that unlike Queenan, Dignum was not the rent a phone type and valued his privacy, or rather his security. However, both Ellerby and Lazall were listed, or at least Billy hoped it was them. Not that he really wanted to risk phoning people who he did not know. Brown might have known, but Billy only wanted to ask for his aid if there was no other way. Billy had thought Brown too trusting and somewhat indiscreet. Billy might do better checking with Ellerby's and Lazzall's neighbours, but for that he would need his car. So Billy decided to go home and get some rest.[Chapter 6] Captain Ellerby was about to have lunch when new mail arrived. Best to check it out first. When he found Billy's letter, he was intrigued. It was posted inside the SIU and unlike any addressing he had seen. Ellerby opened and read the letter, then metaphorically threw up. How could he take this seriously, and yet ... There could be some truth. This was the first \"detailed\" explanation of Queenan's death that might hold water. Ellerby contacted Surveillance and requested the inventory of Queenan's effects. Then he contacted Brown and asked for a listing of Costello's gang. Unable to do more, Ellerby went for a quick dinner in the canteen. Brown joined Ellerby in the canteen with the list. Ellerby told Brown to say absolutely nothing about what had transpired and to join him with Captain Lazall later. Brown might prove to be of some clandestine use. Ellerby was not a devious cop and disliked undercover operations; he despised informants. However, one had to fight fire with fire. After a short meal, Ellerby returned to his office and found Queenan's effects list waiting with his secretary. There was a standard issue contact phone listed. Ellerby went to Queenan's office and found the contact phone absent. Quickly reviewing the letter in his mind, Ellerby decided to do a quick check for anything relating to the FBI and almost immediately hit pay dirt. A folder marked FBI and what was inside confirmed the details in Billy's letter. Not wishing to be seen by anyone who might spread gossip, Ellerby quickly left Queenan's office with the file and returned to his own office to continue with his other work. Mid afternoon, Ellerby met Captain Lazall and showed him Billy's letter with the FBI folder. Lazall was shocked by the revelations. The absence of the contact phone meant little, but so far Billy's letter seemed to fit the few known facts. Now to open Queenan's sealed files without the proper witnesses. get some rest.[Chapter 7] Captain Lazall was visibly shocked when he read Billy's base entry. Lazall looked at Ellerby and indiscreetly mused \"Costigan's a cop\". Ellerby had to look for himself as Billy was just a verminous thug as far as the SIU was concerned. They had to open Billy's personnel file in order to satisfy themselves that Billy really was a good guy. Brown, who had just joined them, overheard this and said \"I knew Billy at the Academy. I just couldn't believe that he had turned bad. I knew that he had a bad ass background, but he was one of the few cadets who was decent to me\". Ellerby decided that he might as well show Brown the letter. Ellerby stressed that there was no hard evidence, but, just in case, there was a case for keeping Sullivan under close surveillance. The problem was how to contact Billy. One way was to post Billy a new contact phone. Brown then suggested that they contact the Training Academy and get Billy's old mobile phone number. If it still worked maybe they could set up a meeting. Lazall stressed that care was needed as Billy might not be in a position to talk to them. As luck would have it the old number was still used by Billy's current mobile phone.[Chapter 8] It was now late afternoon and Billy was asleep. However the phone woke him and he got a surprise when he answered it. \"Who is this ?\" asked Billy. \"Can you talk?\" \"Yes\". What the hell? thought Billy. \"Is that you Billy, Billy Costagon?\" \"Yes... who is this\". The voice sounded familiar. \"Detective Brown, SIU. We were at the Academy together\" \"OK. what do you want?\" \"Captain's Ellerby and Lazall are with me, You sent them an anonymous letter\" \"So why are you involved?\". Billy was worried. \"Accidentally. Captain Ellerby needed a full list of Costello's gang members and I work under Sullivan. I'm glad you're still one of us\". It was a genuine comment, the sort that Ellerby would choke on, but it had a reassuring effect on Billy. Billy arranged to be picked up by Brown near to his home and driven to near Costello's place. It would save a lot of time. Billy was introduced by Brown to Captain Ellerby and a recent new recruit, Corrigan, who would run Billy and be reasigned to work more directly with both Ellerby and Lazall. Eventually Billy agreed to try and entrap Sullivan, after which they could either let Billy come back in or try to use the FBI to arrest Billy and put him in a safe jail cell. Then they could try to entrap the FBI operatives and force them to put pressure on Costello. Billy would have to pick up the phone from Corrigan tomorrow. Meanwhile, as a fail safe, Billy was given the personal phone numbers of all concerned. Well, now at least Billy was back in contact with Cops he could trust, he hoped... ","Summary":" Billy wondered if he should text their possible destination to Sullivan. Twice now, he had texted d"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins III: Worldwide Mogwai","Author":"MattoMogwai","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5478970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] GREMLINSnIII: WORLDWIDE MOGWAI. PARTn1: THE BEGINNING 15THnOCTOBER 2010, 18.58PM GMT, LONDON. Inna tiny, crowded room, the stockroom of The Science Museum to benprecise, there is a tiny creature cold and afraid in a cage. It isnMogwai, and the species has three rules: Never get it near brightnlight, for that kills it. Never get them wet, or they will multiply.nAnd never, ever feed them after midnight. Because they will will turnninto something monstrous. AnGREMLIN. \"Mog...wai?\" Allnof a sudden, a huge hand snatched the Mogwai. \"I'venfound it, Jeff, get it in the damn bag!\" The Mogwai was flungninto a big black sack and bashed about as the robbers fled while thenalarm went off. Thennext time the Mogwai woke up, he was in a tiny cage like the one atnthe Museum, and in a dark, shackled room of a warehouse, and saw twonpeople writing something on Ebay. Itemnno. 260492671399 MOGWAInCREATURE FROM SCIENCE MUSEUM. FORnALL FANS OF THE GIZMO THE MOGWAI ATTRACTION THAT RAN FROM 1995 TOn2003 WILL BE DELIGHTED BY THE ACTUAL MOGWAI HIMSELF! COMES WITH CAGE. £1500.00 BID:n£ ThenMogwai squirmed in horror as the two crooks laughed evilly. \"we'renstinkin' rich Gordon!\" Jeff screamed! \"This is gonna be onenhell of a con!\" Butnwhen they paused to take an evil glance at the Mogwai, all they foundnwas a chewed cage that was damaged. \"DAMN!\" 31STnDECEMBER 2010, 18.29PM GMT, SCOTLAND. Thenlone Mogwai, Gizmo, stumbled into a Argos and climbed up to ancatalogue and saw a toy that looked a lot like him. Gizmo pondered.nWas it one of them? For years, he had been subject to the torture ofnwater and food after midnight, but then his spawn escaped and wreckednthe city of London. They were all killed eventually, but only Gizmonknew one was still alive. He was The Last Gremlin, and Gizmo was thenLast Mogwai. Gizmo ran towards Aberdeen Airport after a sneaky pick anpocket... 2NDnJANUARY 2011, 07.09AM GMT, JAPAN. InnTokyo's many districts, Gizmo easily got lost, and ended up in anMcDonalds. Afterneating his Happy Meal, Gizmo ran off towards the drink machine (Cokencan't make him multiply) To get a Coca-Cola. But another personnaccidently slipped and spilled water all over the floor... And Gizmo. Gizmonbegan writhing in pain on the floor, screaming all the while. Aboutn12 Mogwai burst out of his back. The SRAPTJ (Scientific Research AndnProtection Trust Japan) Burst in, and Blasted all the new Mogwai withnFoam, killing many of them in the process. Gizmo collapsed, defeated,nand was thrown into a crate with the dead Mogwai. The crate wasnloaded into a van, and it drove off towards The SRAPTJ Headquarters. 3RDnJANUARY 2011, 13.38PM GMT, SRAPTJ HQ, JAPAN. Gizmonwoke up, confused and in a glass jar. Monitors were everywhere, andnmen and women in lab coats were testing the dead Mogwai. A familiarnlooking man in a lab coat came up to Gizmo. Gizmo instantlynrecognised him. \"Billy!\"nGizmo cried with joy. \"Shh!nLook buddy, I'm gonna get you outta here, I haven't seen you sincenthat robbery!\" Itnwas true. A man working for the Science Museum had once robbed Gizmonand thrown him into the 'Gizmo The Amazing Mogwai!' attraction he wasnnow famous for. Whileneveryone was on lunch break, Billy unlocked the jar Gizmo was in, andnthus handed in his resignation at the HQ reception. He then ranntowards Tokyo Airport, grabbing a flight to Paris. \"We'rengoing to see my girlfriend Kate, well, not exactly I have to admit,nshe's now my wife!\" Billy said. \"Whay!\"nGizmo shouted loudly. 3RDnJANUARY 2011, 00.13 GMT, FRANCE. Thenplane touched down at 23.01, and an hour later, Billy and Kate werenalready eating baguettes , while Gizmo was walking around thenfountains. Kate warned him not to, but Gizmo carelessness came at ancost: He slipped and splashed into one of the fountains andnmultiplied. \"GIZMO!\"nBilly was too late. about 45 Mogwai spawned. the first thing on theirnminds? FOOD. Theynscattered tables everywhere, bit people, burnt someone with a stove,nand downed raw meat from chickens. They screamed as cocoons formednquicker than usual, and they became gooey, sticky pods. Billy reactednquickly, grabbing a baseball bat and breaking one, revealing a corpsenMogwai inside. \"Get everyone out the cafe now! Gizmo, Kate,nRUN!\" They fled as the emergency doors closed. SRAPTnFrance were on their way. Billy screamed as Gremlins ripped out ofntheir cocoons, and proceeded to claw and bite him. The SRAPT arrived,nbut a Gremlin unleashed a gas pipe on their flamethrower, allowingnthe others to escape via a air vent. Gizmo closed his eyes outside asnthe cafe erupted into flames, and Gizmo blacked out. 8THnJANUARY 2011, 10.59 PM GMT, AREA 51. Gizmonwoke up in a box, with people admiring and waving to him. Gizmonwaved back, but someone pushed through the crowds towards Gizmo, andntook him out the box. \"C'omndude, you've got a world to save.\" Gizmonwas taken in a big black van to the White House, and Gizmo was sat innfront of a big black man, who seemed friendly enough, and saw Kate. \"Nicenlittle fella.\" It was none other than Barack Obama, President ofnthe U.S.A. MissnPeltzer, and- What's his name?\" \"Gizmo.\" \"Rightnthen Gizmo, Earth needs your help. Your spawn are rampaging the worldnat night, we must stop them and that is why you're here. Our troopsnhave done everything they can, but to no avail. We are led to believenthat, being the much less threatening version of one of thencreatures, you may be able help the army destroy the threat. We haventraced 47 'Gremlins' to 4 different destinations: Brazil,nAfrica, Egypt and a previous Gremlin hotspot, Kingston Falls.\" Katendropped her mug in astonishment. \"That was 25 years ago! Howncould they even get to the countries?\" \"Well,nthere has been reports of recent plane hijacking, so I'd be surprisednif it wasn't them, Obama said. \"Now, the Army are outside.nThey'll escort you to Brazil.\" Gizmonand Kate ran outside, jumping into the helicopters, and set off fornthe capital of Brazil, unaware the Gremlins had a dangerous plan... INnPART 2: THE TERROR OF MOGWAI... Katenand the army are captured by the SRAPT, and Gizmo goes EVIL![Chapter 2] GREMLINSnIII: WORLDWIDE MOGWAI. PARTnII: THE TERROR OF MOGWAI 9THnJANUARY 2011, 20.56PM GMT, RIO DE JANEIRO. Kate,nGizmo and the army arrived in town with all their weaponry. Gizmonbegan sniffing out the Gremlins, and quickly found a few, proceedingnto give the army the go ahead to shoot. A few seconds later, all thengremlins were dead, shrapnel all over them. Gizmo crawled off tonsearch for more gremlins as Kate and the rest of the SWAT team walkedninto a hospital. They had received notice from Obama Billy wasn'tndead. He had been airlifted to a Brazilian hospital so he could seenKate again, as she was in the country. Meanwhile, Gizmo found a trailnof rock candy leading down a manhole into the sewers. Confused, Gizmonfoolishly followed the trail down the manhole cover... Meanwhile,nKate and Billy were talking to each other when men in white suitsnburst in. \"Getnon the ground! We know you have the Mogwai! You have just breachednSector Code 345679000, and doing so thus leads to your arrest!\"nA man shouted. Billy frowned. \"W-what?\" he said in a faintntone of voice. Billynand Kate were arrested, and kicked into a SRAPT van and it sped offntowards Area 51 again... Meanwhile,nin the sewers, Gizmo was sure he could hear creeping, and it wasngetting closer. He heard a faint \"Gizmo, KAKA!\" and wasnpromptly thus smacked over the head with a frying pan, making himncollapse to the floor immediately... 9THnJANUARY 2011, 23.34PM GMT, THE SEWERS. Gizmonwoke up with 4 syringes in his back. He felt terrible, wincing innpain. Allnof a sudden, he screamed as a large figure loomed over him, clutchingna electric tool of sorts. The figure flung the tool into Gizmo,nsending 3000 volts of electricity in his body. His fur turned greynand his brown eyes turned red, and he screamed \"MOGWAI!\" inna thunderous, terrible racket... 10THnJANUARY 2011, 01.16AM GMT, AREA 51. Billynand Kate were sat in a room, looking at each other, and still were asna man came into the room. \"Inam Colonel Steven Corro, and I would like you to see something wenfound overnight in Brazil... Billyncame out and was shocked at what he saw. Hisnpet Gizmo, grey fur, red eyes and a ruthless heart of steel. Billynasked himself, \"HOW did I get myself into this mess again?\" \"Answernsir, in more ways than one!\" Corro exclaimed. Billynjust sighed. \"Why can't you just set him free?\" \"Becausenthat would be a risk to world security. This mere example will bentaken to the labs to be destroyed.\" \"WHAAT!nYou can't do that! Kate sobbed through tears. \"SorrynMrs. Peltzer, but we CAN.\" Corro said through gritted teeth asnthe mogwai was wheeled off towards the labs, clawing and grunting allnthe time. \"Whilenbeing wheeled away, Gizmo started to come back to his senses. Henwas about to shout a joyful \"Mogwai!\", but then realised henwas heading to the dissection centre, and instead screamed, \"OHnNOES!\" \" PleasenCorro, he'll come back to his senses!\" Billy said. \" Well,nPROVE IT.\" Corro said. \"Come with me-\" He was cut off by thenpeaceful Mogwai's singing. Corro stood there, speechless, then turnednto Billy. \" Younwin,\" He said quietly as he unlocked the box Gizmo was in. Gizmontuck his tongue out at Corro. Corro stood there, yet againnspeechless. \" Andnwith that, Steven Corro, I bid you good day!\" Billy said proudly.n\"Now then-\" Anclaw punching a hole in the exit door interrupted him. Gizmo realizednthe species. \" GWEMWIN!\"nBilly heard Gizmo's shout, grabbed a (Small) torpedo, and launched itnat the door, watching it burst into flames and send wood flying intonthe burning Gremlin. It screamed as melted, burning into a burningnpile of gloop. \" Jobndone!\" Billy exclaimed. \" Here'snyou bill, Peltzer,\" Corro said as he handed Billy a bill for thenmassive doors he had just destroyed. \" WellnGizmo, looks like we've won,\" Billy said, pleased. I'll phonenBarack. You stay Herenwith Kate. Okay?\" \" Alwight,nBilly!\" Gizmo said. Afterncalling the enthusiastic Obama, Billy, Kate and Gizmo flew to theirnnext destination, Egypt... INnPART III... Billy,nKate, Gizmo and the army battle gremlins in Egypt and Africa, butnObama goes missing... to be replaced by a new GREMLIN![Chapter 3] Hey Guys, Sorry about the wait. A lot of crap's been happening and I've just gotten the chances to do the next chapter! Well, enjoy! GREMLINS III: WORLDWIDE MOGWAI PART III 12th January 2011, 18.45 GMT, Giza. The S.W.A.T team's plane landed at the Giza Airport, and surprised many tourists. Gizmo was finishing a bag of crisps he bought on flight. Many people were asking 'who is he?' and 'WHAT is he?' The S.W.A.T team revealed there new weapons, Gremlin Destroyers, bagpacks that pumped billions of lethal ions through a tube, killing Gremlins in one hit, but forcing the team to wear protective masks. Gizmo, Billy and Kate went to watch a football match, during which Billy got a phone call from Obama. When he answered though, it sounded an awful lot like the Brain Gremlin. \" Why Hello there, I'm a new, Brainy Gremlin, and while your not here, I shipped Obama, his two kids, wife and dog off to The Bermuda Triangle! As President Of The United States, My first command was launching a missile towards your current location of Giza! Lovely, isn't it?\" Billy froze. \" Gizmo, Kate-\" Billy was cut off by screaming people. The Gremlins had arrived. Billy grabbed Kate and Gizmo as the S.W.A.T brought out there Gremlin Destroyers and massive fight occurred. Thompson, leader of the S.W.A.T team screamed, \"Get back!\" to Billy, Kate and Gizmo. However, while off guard, a gremlin clawed at him. However, Gizmo noticed this Gremlin was different; He was a dark shade of red, and he bit into Thompson's flesh. \"a normal gremlin wouldn't do that!\" Gizmo thought. Those thoughts turn to horror as slowly, Thompson collapsed to the floor and the very hair on his head began to grow more and more, and the buttons on his shirt began to pop off. He shrank and shrank until finally... He was a Mogwai. He screamed at himself and hid himself away from Gizmo. Gizmo was speechless. If that new Gremlin breed multiplied, soon millions of humans could become Gremlins. This was of course the Brain Gremlin's intention as he sat at the White House throwing darts at a Gizmo picture. \" O Greta honey, any news on the Mogwai and his friends? Any Red Gremlin transformations.\" A devilish smirk grew on the Gremlin's face as Greta whispered in his ear. \" Excellent news Greta. But please do tell the Red Gremlin leader to get the Mogwai. I heard biting Mogwai can be fatal...\" Back in Giza, the S.W.A.T. were struggling against the Gremlins, in particular the red ones, who clawed and bit at everyone, turning them into Mogwai. Gizmo, with his flaming red arrow, bravely fought on, but was outnumbered. There were dozens of Gremlins, and a red one attempted an assault on Gizmo, only to be destroyed by a Gremlin destroyer. Something caught Gizmo's eye however... Bold as brass and causing a ruckus in a local jewellery store was The Last Gremlin. The one from all those years ago. The Gremlin turned to face Gizmo. Noticing his old enemy, the Gremlin fled, much to Gizmo's disappointment. Meanwhile, the public and some local mercenaries started to repel the Gremlins, and on mercenary finally blew the last few gremlins up. The job was done. Two more places to go. At midnight, the team set off on a flight to Dakar Airport. Gizmo relaxed and slept as the plane flew to the sunny plains of Africa... 13th January 2011, 07.23 GMT, Over Nigeria. Gizmo woke up, only to shield himself from the bright sun. The team was flying over Africa, and was due to land in a few more hours. All of a sudden, everyone woke up as the plane shook. \" This is your captain speaking. It appears there is a missile locked on to us. Please fasten your your seatbelts, and for the love of god, pray-\" The captain was cut off as a massive block of steel plunged into the cabin, burning the captain alive and sending fire everywhere. \" Bwight lwight!\" Gizmo screamed as he covered his eyes. \" Hold on tight everyone!\" Billy screamed as the burning plane slowly started it's descent... 13th January 2011, 08.56 GMT, Unknown African Jungle. Gizmo woke up just as a battered Billy tore away the piece of plane Gizmo was under. Tears trickled down Billy's cheeks and he hugged Gizmo amongst the burning wreck of the plane. \" I-I couldn't find her. I couldn't f-find Kate G-Gizmo. I've g-gotta feeling she's...\" Billy broke down even more. \"...D-dead.\" Gizmo sobbed loudly as the wing of the plane collapsed from the trees. \"There may still be hope. I'm not sure about the S.W.A.T. team though,\" pointing to a mangled arm sticking out the destroyed cabin. \"Let's go, we gotta find help. Gizmo nodded and him and Billy trundled off into the trees. Meanwhile, in the remains of the cabin, a small dent formed, and from that dent came a red, scaly hand. \" Gizmo... Kaka!\" Next time... Gizmo is separated from Billy and forced to fight the Red Gremlin! But as the battle spirals out of control, Gizmo is left fighting for his life...[Chapter 4] GREMLINS III: WORLDWIDE MOGWAI PART IV LIFE OR DEATH 13th January 2011, 08.56 GMT, Unknown African Jungle. Billy and Gizmo crept through the bushes. They were going to find Kate no matter what. A crash sounded, and Billy turned. A branch crashed down and startled him. Some more branches snapped, gathering pace, and soon, branches were scattered across the floor, and Billy lit a match. He stuck some leaves to the branch with some superglue he had handy, and set the leaves alight. Billy swung it around, and a sound at last came from the trees. \" Gizmo... KAKA!\" Billy jabbed the torch at a tree and set it alight. A gremlin collapsed to the floor, oozing blood. Muttering was heard, and a gremlin launched itself at Billy. The last thing Gizmo saw was the floor as Billy collapsed, and everything went black... 14th January 2011, 23.34 GMT, Unknown African Jungle. Gizmo woke up to a massive, menacing grin. It spat \"kaka!\" in his face and stamped off to a Red Gremlin. They spat and argued, and the Red Gremlin finally punched the other gremlin in the face, knocking it off the cliff they were standing on. The Red Gremlin turned to face Gizmo, hissed at him, and trundled off. Gizmo tried to run over and beat the gremlin, but he was tied to a table composed of vines and thorns. It was boiling for some reason, and he couldn't figure out why. All he knew was that Billy was missing, and he needed to find him. Meanwhile in the skies above Nigeria, a cargo plane soared through the air. On board, Billy lay on a bed, hooked up to a machine. \" He's in a coma, I'm afraid. Getting rid of these pests just got harder.\" 15th January 2011, 05.09 GMT, Unknown African Jungle. Gizmo weakly woke up. Gremlins surrounded him and were having a party of some kind. Red Gremlins were present, and humans were being flung into a fire... and that fire appeared to be where Gizmo was being held over. Two huge red gremlins dragged Kate over to Gizmo and threw her to the floor. The Brain Gremlin walked in, and wandered over to Gizmo. The noise stopped. All was silent. \" Hello Gizmo!\" he cheerfully exclaimed. \"Enjoying yourself? Go on, make yourself comfortable.\" Gizmo just looked him, and kept his head low. \"Your probably wondering where your friend Billy is.\" Kate looked up and said, \"What have you done to him. Tell me NOW!\" The Brain Gremlin smiled down at her and said, \"I've sent him to his death.\" Kate covered her mouth in shock and despair. She got up and ran at the Brain Gremlin, but two red Gremlins picked her up and flung her into a wall. \"Now, you two, The Mogwai. One of you kill the Mogwai now .\" Gizmo struggled and struggled, and finally let out a final \"Mogwai!\" as he was shoved into the burning pit of fire. Kate looked and sobbed as she was carried away, and the Brain Gremlin just said... \" Gremlins, the world is ours to rock.\" NEXT TIME... Billy is missing, Kate is imprisoned and Gizmo is dead... But is he? Find out next time in chapter five, NEW ARRIVALS! ","Summary":" GREMLINSnIII: WORLDWIDE MOGWAI. PARTn1: THE BEGINNING 15THnOCTOBER 2010, 18.58PM GMT, LONDON. Inna "},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Check Out","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10992545","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sullivan's call was really bugging Billy. He ought to sleep on it. Yet as he got into bed Billy continued to have the same thought, suppose it was a trap. In the comfort of his bed he thought it over. In theory anyone could have picked up the phone. Was it a real cop calling. If it was a cop, could it be the mole. Was Dignum really absent. Dignum would never have told him to come in. The more Billy thought about it, the less convincing Sullivan's line became; the SIU had invested a lot in Billy, as Dignum would have pointed out. It made Sullivans judgement look amateurish. The best lie is one that is concealed within a truth. Billy realised that there was only one person who could deal with this, Dignum. But Billy had no way to contact him. This situation had never been considered, and was forbidden. Still, that had not stopped him finding Queenan when he had learned about the FBI being compromised, or worse, and needed to pass on his information ASAP.[Chapter 2] Billy spent the next morning at the public library, checking through addresses for Dignum's. To narrow the initial search he rejected those living in upper class and lower class neighbourhoods. Dignum's foul mouthed well paid sort would most likely live an a respectable lower middle class neighbourhood, maybe in an apartment block. After lunch he phoned Costello's bar to say that he felt bad from the piazza; maybe he could make it in the evening. Billy had quite a few places to search. It was late afternoon, and he was only halfway through the list when he finally found Dignum's apartment, or rather Dignum, when the door opened. \"What the f*** are you doing here?\" said an enraged Dignum. Billy should not be here. \"Can I trust Staff Sergeant Sullivan?\", Billy also added \"Was Queenan tailed by cops ?\" for good measure. \"What the f***?\" Dignum was stunned. \"Sullivan phoned me. Said that you were sick and that he wanted me to report in. So can I trust him? Anyone might have taken that phone\". Then Billy added \"Queenan was tailed and Costello was told were we where. There were cops in a shoot-out below. If it was a Police tail then the mole told Costello what was happening. Well? Can I trust Sullivan? Did a Police Tail compromise us?\" \"Oh Hell\" gasped Dignum \"Get inside\". \"Well\" asked an exasperated Billy, certain now that he had struck something tender. After a pause Dignum replied \"I wouldn't trust Mr Too Good To Be True as far as I could throw the slimy faggot\". \"So?\" Billy needed more intel. \"Sullivan is the cop with the perfect record. He's got Ellerby eating out of his hand. He's just too perfect\". \"So, you don't like me. Is it just prejudice?\" \"No\" said Dignum eventually. \"Look ... it's not proof but ... remember that business over the processors?\" That was way back thought a startled Billy, \"Yes\" Costello had really fooled the cops there. \"Well the Feds told us not to use any phones, but I saw Sullivan texting, and Costello got away\". That alerted Billy in another way, \"What's this about the Feds?\" he demanded. \"It was a joint FBI SIU Op., you don't need to bother about it\" said Dignum impatiently. \"Didn't Queenan tell you about Costllo's FBI connections?\". Dignum was surprised \"No, though he had me do some checking up on them. So. w...\". \"Christ\" snapped Billy, Costello is an FBI asset, he sells information, like about me, for protection. Queenan then found out that the Feds were compromised. Costello's Fed contacts could have warned him. It could explain why Costello had boats ready\". After a shocked pause Dignum replied \"More than that. The harbour front was not being monitored, it was blamed on cost cutting. And when the Chinese buyers car was picked up, there were no processors in his box, like it was a decoy\". Billy speculated \"So it's likely that the SIU has been screwed by the Feds, some or all of them. Queenan said that there were rumours of such things. And maybe it also means treason\". \"Yeah ... maybe ... let me think ... tell me again about what happened to Queenan\". \"I saw something on the train that suggested that Queenan might be tailed, but he denied any police tail. When we got to the top of the tower, I told him that I could not get any more info, Costello doesn't trust me and is using new people to bring stuff in. And Costello's losing it, he could decide to kill me at any moment. He's thinking that whenever he talks to me. Queenan said he would .. extract me, then I got a call to come to the tower. Costello had been told were we where. It was too late to get away. As they were after me, Queenan told me to use the fire escape while he delayed them. When I got out there was a gun fight in progress with cops. Well? Was there a police tail that Costello or the mole could have been following?\". \"Yes\" snarled Dignum \"And that slimy two faced faggot Sullivan set it up. He had some lame excuse about an informant saying that Queenan was the mole\". \"That's the sort of thing that Costello would set up. And it's crazy\", Billy paused \"If Costello knew I existed then wouldn't all the SIU know? If Queenan was the mole I would be dead. And shouldn't a Staff Sergeant realise that it could compromise undercover work? But if Sullivan is the mole ... it all makes sense\". \"Yes\" replied Dignum, \"But try convincing Ellerby that. And you can be sure Sullivan can explain it all away\". \"Ellerby, Who?\". \"Captain Ellerby. He's in charge now, the blockhead. I intended to resign rather than work under him, but now ...\". \"You can't leave me like this. It's only a matter of time before Costello finds me. That's why Queenan said he would extract me\". \"Stuff that. I'll call Ellerby and tell him what you told me\".[Chapter 3] As he had had a busy day and was almost ready to leave, Ellerby enjoyed his conversation with Dignum even less than he would have. He didn't believe that Sullivan could be a mole, that was just Dignum. And he didn't care about some fag end informer either. However, he told a young, new, so presumably honest cop to see if the contact phone had been recovered. Half an hour later he phoned Dignum back. The contact phone was listed, but missing. A search for it would prove nothing, it had best remain with whoever had it. The matter would have to wait until Dignum came back off leave. Ellerby's decision was final. Billy was now desperate. He had no choice but to report in to Costello's bar. Or did he. After all, Sullivan had said that he could report in. Could he play Sullivan? Well, even if it went wrong, he would be safer in the SIU cells or facing disciplinary charges. Billy went home and after a long think contacted Brown, the one cadet he had been close to at the police academy. Then he phoned Costello's bar again to say that he still felt bad. Early next morning Billy contacted Sullivan.[Chapter 4] \"So, why did you delay reporting in\" queried Sullivan a couple of hours later. \"Needed to work up my courage. Dignum made it quite clear what he would do to me if I reported in. Had to be sure it wasn't a trap, anyone could have got hold of the phone\" replied Billy. \"So, how could you be sure that it wasn't?\", Sullivan was more than mildly curious. \"I phoned some one I knew to make sure you were legit. You said I could come in so it gets Dignum, and the Feds, of my back\". Billy was using Brown as cover, and teasing Sullivan as well. Billy began to realise just how cunning Sullivan was. \"Feds, why are they after you?\", Sullivan was now caught on the line. \"They aren't, yet. But they will be. You sign off my assignment and reinstate me, then I tell you everything I know\". \"Ok. but first tell me about Queenan\" asked Sullivan, who was anxious about the mention of the Feds and curious about the mention of reinstatement, was feeling cautious about what Billy might know about Queenan's death. \"I wasn't there. I arrived just as everyone was leaving because of a shoot-out. The guy who phoned me to come died soon afterwards. I tried to warn Queenan but the phone could not connect because of signal failure, in fact the guy who phoned me to come had the same problem, otherwise Queenan would still be alive\". These were details that should fit with what Sullivan could already know, and if he checked with Costello they would not be contradicted. Billy also realised that Sullivan was just as slimy an operator as Dignum had said he was. \"Ok, ... unfortunately I can't access your files. I can only use your name, date of birth and status to verify you by password demand. I don't have your password or any access to Queenan's files where it will be\". So that was what the letter was about, Billy now realised. Breaking into the files, \"I have it. It was just in case of this sort of problem\". \"Ok, lets do it\". Sullivan got a shock learning that Billy was a State Trooper just as he was. Billy didn't like giving Sulivan his password, but that was why he had been keeping note of where he had seen terminals. On telling Sullivan about Costello being an FBI asset, Billy was interested to learn that Sullivan had noticed a folder marked FBI when he had got the phone from Sulivan's office; Billy suspected that Sullivan had read the contents and might be feeling nervous about being shopped. Billy had offered to help Sullivan track down Costello's FBI contacts. Sullivan had been happy to accept, for now. Knowing who Costello was dealing with would be useful insurance if Costello tried to shop him. Sullivan didn't suspect that Billy had already guessed what Sullivan was really up to.[Chapter 5] Billy left Sullivan with his record now visible on the system, paid up and as he was on suspension for the time being, with no badge, only his SIU ID that would allow him to come and go as he pleased and give him some protection from the Feds. Billy doubled back and went into an empty room which had a terminal. Accessing the terminal, Billy changed his password by tagging his date of birth to it. Then Billy went in search of Captain Ellerby. Seeing Captain Ellerby had not been on Billy's original agenda. Billy had been intending to lie low until notified that his sentence had been rescinded, and maybe come in at night to scout the place out, and read that FBI file to see what Queenan had found out. However, Sullivan had had to go out to get the printouts. Billy guessed that it would take about half a minute or so for Sullivan to return, just time enough for a nose round the office. In a pile of white papers Billy noticed a brown envelope. It looked out of place, hidden even. Curious, Billy pulled it out and saw that it was The Letter. Billy pushed it back in, straightened up and turned to a window as if he was just looking at the view. Of cause it would be his word against Sullivan's, Billy might be accused of planting it. But so what? Ellerby was in a meeting and did not take kindly to Billy's intrusion, or accusations. However, Ellerby authorised a search of Sullivan's office and person for the letter and the phone, while grilling Billy over reporting in. Billy decided to reveal his dangerous intel about FBI corruption shafting the SIU since he could use it as another reason to come in. Ellerby refused to believe this, for now, and continued to accuse Billy of abandoning his post. Ellerby was starting to calm down when the search team arrived with Sullivan in handcuffs loudly protesting his innocence for all to hear. The letter and the phone were displayed as evidence. Ellerby ordered Sullivan to be sent to the cells. A search was then made of Queenan's office for FBI related evidence. After examining Billy's files, and Queenan's FBI file which had been found, Ellerby ordered Billy to make himself useful and investigate Sullivan; Ellerby would personally look into the FBI matter. With no badge Billy would be mainly restricted to working in the SIU, but he would have the necessary access permissions. Ellerby also ordered Billy, who was casually dressed, to tidy himself up, pronto.[Chapter 6] An hour before the official lunch time started, Billy went out to get some new stuff to wear at work. He was not going to return to his apartment, yet. And he wanted to see Madolyn. While Billy thought that Sullivan's shiny silver suit had looked realy impressive, it wasn't a style he would feel comfortable with at work, most of the time. Sullivan's style was too dominating, too full of mouth. Then Billy noticed a nice black leather jacket in the window of one of the stores. Not the biker sort, it was like a normal jacket. It was the type of thing that a respectable middle class man might wear to keep off the rain. Billy hadn't worn leather before but it looked ok. On investigation there were leather pants, vest, shirt, tie and even a matching trilby hat to be had. All very trendy if you lived on the West Coast. And they could be worn with or without a shirt. Billy wasn't sure about the feel of the pants, but it all looked really good, dominating but not loud like Sullivan's silver suit. Billy just managed to catch Maddy as she was leaving for lunch. She was startled by Billy's all leather look. \"What do you want?\" asked Madolyn apprehensively. \"Not that. I just want to tell you something, then I'll go, unless you want to eat. Lets sit down\". They went to a nearby bench. \"Maddy, I never lied to you about me, at least not deliberately, but I could never tell you that I really worked for the cops as an informant. That's why I lived in a living hell\". Billy held up his ID for her to see, \"You were the only bright light in that hell. When my boss, Captain Queenan, was murdered everything fell apart. I had to break cover and run to the SIU, so I'm not in very great favour at the SIU\". Billy paused \"There's more that I could tell you about me, but what's the point. Do you want to have lunch with me or not?\" They had lunch together. Apparently her fiancee was a workaholic. They didn't say much but Billy got the distinct impression that she was holding something back, so before Billy went he told her \"Maddy, if anything happens over your marriage, just call me\".[Chapter 7] That evening, just as he was checking in at a motel, Maddy phoned him. The police were tearing her apartment inside out. And asking some very upsetting questions about Colin. Colin! Billy said that he would drive straight over. On arriving at Maddy's apartment Billy was stopped by police guards. Billy showed his ID and said that Dr Madden was a friend, she had called him. With some uncertainty, the guards let him in. Billy found Maddy being questioned by Sergeant Barragan, with Captain Ellerby, and Brown, watching. Ellerby snapped \"What the hell are you doing here?\". Billy ignored him and snarled at Barragan \"Maddy won't know anything. Sullivan will be playing a lone game, just like me\". \"What the hell is all this about Costegan\" snarled Ellerby like a pit bull about to go on the attack. \"Maddy used to be my shrink, the rest is just what you can see\". Then Billy added sarcastically \"I'm sure that you can put two and two together\". Billy then got hold of Maddy, comforting her, and stayed in that position through the rest of the questioning. Quite a number of cops wondered what sort of a love tangle was going on. Billy had formed an unidentifiable dislike of Barragan. Ellerby was wondering if he was in a televised farce. Barragan was wondering if he ought to tell Costello about all this; on the other hand it was clear that Sullivan's attempt to flush the rat out had backfired, badly. Next morning when Billy left Maddy's apartment for work, he knew that he was going to be a Dad. And maybe that knowledge, when the time was right, would help pay back Sullivan for all the grief he had caused Billy.[Chapter 8] Realising that Sullivan would soon be out on bail and this might cause Maddy trouble, Billy had got down to investigating Sullivan and soon picked up on quite a few things. As soon as Billy began investigating Sullivan's case files, he noticed that there were things about Sullivan's first major case which did not add up. Sullivan claimed that some minor hood had disposed of the Providence Mafia hit men, but Billy knew that Costello had removed the Providence hoods who were out to get him. Billy wondered, could Costello have been helping Sullivan with intel to aid his promotion? Billy reported the matter to Ellerby so that it could be followed up. Ellerby was sceptical in the light of Barragan's rapid progress, but had the source of Sullivan's information brought in. Barragan? What was the deal here? Billy's \"nose\" twitched. Under interrogation the source of Sullivan's information claimed to have never met Sullivan. So Sullivan's case report was suspect. Therefore, Costello could have been helping Sullivan with more than just cash. However, there was as yet no proof for the standard assumption that Sullivan was financially on the take. Sullivan's age seemed a bit young for a Staff Sergeant, even for an Academy elite. Billy started checking up on Sullivan's rapid promotions together with the even more rapid promotions of Barragan, which was even more suspicious. Then Billy learned that Sullivan and Barragan where both colleagues and friends at the Academy. Could they be working together? Could they have been recruited by Costello at the Academy, or even before. That would be difficult to check out, though not impossible. Sullivan had now been let out on bail but was suspended pending the completion of the investigations. Sullivan's relations with Maddy were ok according to Maddy whenever Billy phoned her after work. But Billy could tell that she was unsettled. Doubtless the rumour mill had told Sullivan that Billy knew Maddy in a more than passing fashion. Dignum would be back soon. Apparently Ellerby had contacted him regarding Billy and his report, supposedly that was why he had decided not to resign. Billy did not relish Dignum's return. In the mean time Barragan had to be watched.[Chapter 9] It was easy enough for Billy to join in the night time operations and watch Barragan. Billy soon realised that Barragan was sly, a real weasel. Ellerby wondered what Billy was doing and was not impressed by Billy's answer. Still, Ellerby had no active use for the badge less Billy so he let the matter rest. It was apparent to Billy that Barragan realised that he was being watched and found it unnerving. Clearly if Barragan wanted to warn Costello, Billy had put paid to that idea. Dignum just ignored Billy and let him get on with the work that Ellerby had assigned him. Billy had no idea what Dignum was really thinking, other than contempt. Then Sullivan was back in play. This \"provoked\" Dignam into meeting with Billy under relatively civil terms. It was agreed that Dignum would shadow Sullivan while Billy shadowed Barragan. The police pursuit tailing and interception system continued to improve, but so did Costello's cunning in using diversionary cars. It really was like playing a game of cat and mouse, but with multiple cats and decoy mice. Costello would have wound down his drug operations for a while, however the SIU's financial team had managed to get a handle on some of Costello's assets. Information from Billy had then provided them with the means to get the FBI tax and fraud divisions to investigate. This put an increasing strain on Costello's cash flows, making it necessary for him to continue with drug deals despite the increased police efforts. After a couple of weeks Costello finally made a slip up of sorts. Ellerby had been told by the Underground Division, now back under Dignum, that Costello was moving a major drugs shipment. Eventually Costello made his move, and very effectively confused the tails with his decoys. Everything seemed lost, but Billy had an idea. Forsaking Barragan, who was too unnerved to actually miss Billy, he checked the operations map and realised that one place which was ideal for a drug exchange was not covered by the confused tails. Going to Dignum, Billy pointed this out. Unfortunately, there was the problem of all cars being in use and the danger of a redeployment alerting Costello. Billy suggested that he go check out the location in his car while Dignum then informed Ellerby as a fait acomple. As Billy left the SIU, Dignum quietly informed Ellerby of what Billy was doing. Ellerby's response, well it might work. Dignum arranged for another cop to shadow Barragan and went back to annoying Sullivan. Billy arrived at the abandoned warehouse site after half an hours drive, and approached without lights. It was difficult to be certain but it looked like two of the gang's cars and a van were there, at least it was suspicious for a derelict warehouse site. Billy informed Dignum who told Ellerby. Ellerby could now consider which cars to re-deploy, without losing track of the presumed decoys. Billy crept round the back of the factory for a better look. The gang had been almost overconfident. People were watching the road, but not the warehouse. Billy got quite a good view and phoned Dignum with the news. The problem was that the cops might take too long to arrive. Fortunately Billy was able to find a secure position by the warehouse with a good vantage point and escape route. As the van left, Billy first shot out its rear tyres then shot out the side tyres of both cars. Then he ran. That had been the last thing that Costello had ever expected during a drug deal, a sniper. Crank, even criminal, vigilantes were a problem from time to time on wasteland sites and that was what Costello assumed now. So the crooks did not give chase, just checked out where Billy had been and then got down to getting their cars fixed. Only the drug sellers van could not be fixed. Billy knew that rapid shooting in semi darkness made taking out all of the two car's visible side tires unlikely. Under the circumstances just one hit was a good number. So, Billy had run round the back of factory and found another position where he could try again, but only if they came his way. He phoned Dignum again, and Dignum informed Ellerby of the direction the first cop cars should approach from. Fortunately once the cars were mobile again Costello was more worried about being overcharged and missing out on any information than about wrapping up the deal. Costello was overconfident that his decoys were working. The cops were not long in coming. Then Billy's main concern was to keep out of the ensuing gun fight, and get back to base.[Chapter 10] Under interrogation the injured Costello proved \"willing\" to make a deal. Since there was already circumstantial evidence pointing to Costello's contacts it proved relatively easy to get Costello to give up Sullivan, Barragan and his FBI contacts in return for a deal. Billy suspected that they were just the tip of the iceberg, and only revealed because they were now compromised. Dignum agreed with this assessment. From what he had guessed and learned from Costello, Billy felt certain that Costello had been recruiting kids, and that in depth investigation in Southy would be required to find any more leads. Dignum now told Billy that he was replacing Queenan until a new captain was appointed, and that Billy now worked directly for him alone. First priority, following up any loose ends and becoming familiar with Queenan's list of informants. No mention of promotion though. Never mind, Billy now had the ordeal of meeting Maddy's relations and their marriage to arrange before Billy Costegan III was born. ","Summary":" Sullivan's call was really bugging Billy. He ought to sleep on it. Yet as he got into bed Billy con"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Uncovered","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10973682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Staff Sergeant Sullivan was getting desperate. Costello was breathing down his neck and demanding his money's worth, with barely veiled threats, for all the help and cash that he had received over the past five years since applying to the Massachusetts State Police Academy. Yet he was still no nearer to finding the informant. Maybe the informant was not in the Personnel Database, at least not under the gang names that he had been given. It was possible that an alias was being used as a security aid. Or maybe there was a problem with the names. There were just too many possibilities to consider. Getting Surveillance to tail Captain Queenan was a desperate step. If Queenan found out it could lead to trouble, particularly from Dignum who Sullivan suspected was looking for trouble. But what were his options ? Think. Could he pressure Captain Ellerby to back him ? Maybe, but he would need to count on Ellerby's favour if anything screwed up. Was he going about this the wrong way ? Maybe he could still make use of Costello's information and look from the other end, the criminal records. Difficult to get hold of discreetly, as he was not supposed to be investigating them, but it was possible with a little inventiveness. That lunch time, as soon as Sullivan saw Billy's record it was staring him in the face. A former police cadet ! Obviously Costello had checked up on this, but, with some inventiveness and a good enough offer, unless .. how much of this might be a con ? Sullivan looked through the details again and spotted something he had overlooked, Billy's exact full name. There was something wrong. Back in his office after rechecking the contents of Costello's letter, Sullivan realised his \"error\", Costegan Jnr, not Costegan. Along with some discrete typing of various rank options into the computer and a minute later the password demand came up. Bingo. He switched his phone's sim card and texted Costello with \"Costegan is an undercover cop\".[Chapter 2] Late that afternoon Billy was just completing his shopping. Now, with things being so bad, he spent more time than any of the others being alone, which meant being a bit creative with excuses. Then the phone rang, it was the oldest member of the gang, the only one that Billy actually didn't mind talking to. \"Billy, listen, I don't have much time. Costello is going to kill you\". \"What ?\" Billy suspected the worst. \"He came in shouting that you were the rat. No-one could believe it. I asked him why he though that. You know how crazy he is now. He slipped up, said that his friend in the cops had been in Queenan's files. Billy, run\". \"Look, this is just crazy, anyway, why should I believe this ?\" Billy needed to know if it was just another of Costello's traps. \"Look, I don't want to see you killed. You are the only one who is nice to me and I know what it's like to be an informer. Now run\". The phone went dead. Billy knew that he had no choice, even if it was just a test. Still, anyone getting that sort of warning would be sensible to run first and ask questions later. Billy raced home, but went in by the back way; over the fence, and with difficulty due to the shopping, went up an improvised ladder provided by a drain pipe. Once inside he grabbed his travel bag, some underwear, toiletries, maps, milk, chocolate and biscuits. Just stopping long enough to turn of the power and water, Billy exited the way he had come. He would have to dump the car somewhere safe, he needed it now but it could be traced. His main need was to contact Queenan, but how ? Once in a quiet location Billy attempted to phone Queenan, but got no reply. Normally contact sessions were arranged for the mornings. During the afternoons and evenings Billy was with the gang, so Queenan must have turned the phone off. Actually, Queenan was recharging it and had left it on his desk, exposing an operational problem. Finally Billy left a text message \"The M has exposed me, am hiding from C and maybe Feds. Need instructions\". Anyway, Billy was to frightened of Dignum to just walk straight into the SIU without permission. Hiding the car, Billy went to a corner shop, bought some stationary and wrote a covering letter to Queenan. Being paranoid, Billy also bought a stamp but he hoped that it would not be needed. He then spent some time acquiring additional maps since he might have to have to hide outside the Boston city limits. By the time Billy reached Queenan's home district it was, as he had intended, quite dark. Still no response to the phone. Taking the reasonable precaution of looking about for possible watchers, Billy moved closer and spied a car parked on the road junction, almost out of view. Everything about it's location and position said \"Odd\". When he backtracked and sneaked round and behind the car, Billy could see that there were two people in the car and it was obvious they were watching Queenan's house. Friend or Foe ? No way to tell. Was there something else going on ? Billy went to the nearest convenient street light and amended his letter to Queenan. Then he went to find a mail box. Finally he tried to contact Queenan again, but was reduced to sending another text \"Your house is being watched reg. BOS G90-23579\"[Chapter 3] The next morning, when he got into work, Queenan got around to checking the contact phone, and was mortified by the two text messages from Billy. Queenan realised that their undercover procedures were flawed. He immediately phoned Dignum and updated him with his FBI investigation. After Dignum's outraged response and some consideration, Dignum departed to check on their network of informants - what was Costello's beef with Billy. Queenan would check up on the car registration and talk to some contacts in the FBI. Quennan was outraged when an hour later, he was told that the car was an SIU car used by Surveillance. Queenan wnat down to Surveillance, and upon hearing their explanation, verbally boxed the ears of the staff sergeant in charge and openly accused him and Sullivan of working for Costello. The truth didn't matter, the damage was done and needed to be broadcasted; (unspecified) undercover operations had been compromised by SIU incompetence. Queenan now felt that they had not been taking Costello's infiltration of the SIU seriously enough. Captain Ellerby was in a meeting, that didn't stop Queenan barging in and dramatically demanding Sullivan's head. Queenan then left to inform Dignum. Sullivan could recognise an act when he saw it, so long as he stayed cool he was safe. Sullivan would have been more worried if he had been a fly on the wall later when Ellerby went to Queenan's office and was promptly shown the two text messages and the FBI corruption evidence that Queenan had. Queenan had decided that pending the outcome of Dignum's work, he would reinstate Billy, but in a way that would not stop the Feds from going after Billy. Queenan would continue to hide Billy's real cop identity, except from Ellerby. Sullivan would have been really worried if he had been there when Dignum met with Queenan the next day. Dignum, after saying that there were reports of a price on Billy's head, said that he had seen Sullivan texting during the joint FBI SIU processor operation. Sullivan was now suspect number one, therefore Ellerby was compromised, for now.[Chapter 4] Queenan had been worried about Billy not contacting him. The reason was that Billy had his own problems. Billy had left his car hidden on the edge of town and gone to a diner. After a shaving off his beard and musstash so that he looked like a kid again, Billy started looking for work. He had limited cash in hand, and only a small bank account as Costello did not pay well. Also most small places did not take plastic, or even cheques. The only ready work was night work and there were two problems; he was now out of cell phone range and the phone needed charging. The charger was at home, and Billy now discovered that it was an unusual connection type. Damn companies not co-operating. The next day he had to go back to the car, drive into town and hike across town to retrieve the charger. His apartment had been broken into. It was clear that nothing had been stolen which meant they were working for Costello. Fortunately the charger was there. Billy shut the broken door, weighted it shut and then left by the back way. As soon as he could Billy phoned the police using an alias and reported a break-in. He also mentioned that it must be connected with drug dealing. That would ensure that it would eventually come to Queenan's attention.[Chapter 5] At the start of the week there was an SIU meeting to discuss important drugs related events. The break-in at Billy's house was mentioned and the wrong conclusions drawn by most there, except by those it was intended to alert. Queenan was most interested to hear that the FBI now wanted the police to help apprehend Billy. Then the contact phone rang. Queenan grabbed the phone, confirmed that Billy was all right, and then rushed out of the room to find somewhere more private. Both Dignum and Ellerby had seen the phone so they knew who was calling. Once in an unoccupied room Queenan asked anxiously \"Why didn't you call me before now, where are you ?\". \"I had to go back to my place for the phone charger, then I found myself out of range. Money is the other issue, I had to find night work out of town so I could eat. What's with the surveillance ?\". \"Someone, we guess Costello, set-up false rumours; I'm under suspicion. At least, because of it, we have a possible mole suspect\". Billy was shocked by the clear SIU screwup, it stank of Costello \"Who ?\" \"Staff Sergeant Sullivan. He's in charge of finding the mole. If Dignum is right about him, he is clever, dangerous, and has influence as he's backed by Ellerby\". Billy thought Oh God, and just what exactly does Dignum know, \"Who ?\" \"Captain Ellerby ... Look, you are in danger. Costello has put out a hit on you, and got onto the FBI, but I don't think that the FBI's use of Costello is condoned by their upper management, at least as far as screwing us. But I dare not ask my contacts any direct questions. You need to come in, soon.\" \"And just how safe is that ?\" mussed Billy, thinking that it was probably more convoluted, and dangerous, than a bag of rattlesnakes. \"Exactly. Where are you ?\" \"Just within cell range on the edge of town, but I'm not sure that I want to say where under the circumstances. Call me paranoid, but could Costello have the phones tapped ?\" That idea shook Queenan, \"Unlikely, unless the mole ever got access to the sim card ... still, you're right to be worried. We need to be careful. It should be safe for me or Dignum to come and get you but there is too much going on here, and we might be missed. There's no telling what The Mole might get up to and I wouldn't trust anyone else to pick you up. How long would you need to get here ?\" \"I need to hide the car outside town, maybe two hours, no make it three. I need to try and find some different gear\". Queenan had to wonder if Billy was cutting it rather fine \"OK. Go by an alias, say John Smith, and contact me before and from the downstairs desk when you come in. But hopefully I, or someone else, can meet you and get you through under that alias. I'm going to massage your criminal files to make out that you are to be reinstated as a reward for your help. That should act as a red rag to a bull to the FBI. For now we hide the truth, except maybe from Ellerby once you are safe\". \"I've shaved, to make me harder to identify.\" Queenan had to think before replying, \"It won't work for anyone using your criminal file or cadet photo's, so be careful\". \"Are there any unguarded ways in, say by using a fire door ?\" \"No, all other exits are either to the car park which is guarded or through the basement vehicle exits which are no better\". Queenan signed off. Billy got to work concealing the car at the disused factory unit he was in, and then headed into town. Queenan went back to the meeting. Two hours should be enough time to complete the meeting and get Billy's record massaged. Once at the meeting Queenan bluntly refused to say what the interruption was about, because of the mole. However, Queenan told Ellerby that he needed to see him later in the day regarding the call. The rest of the meeting was no more eventful than usual. Sullivan, however, was wondering what Queenan might be up to. Was it a call from Costegan ? But it could be from other informants who might use that odd phone. As far as Sullivan knew from information that had reached the SIU, Costello wanted Costegan's head for some reason, ha ha. However, Sullivan had already stuck his neck out far enough. Best if he act as if Costegan was just some other crook until Queenan said otherwise. In fact, as officially he didn't really know what Costegan looked like, it would be best to just ignore Costegan if they crossed paths.[Chapter 6] Billy was looking for a change of clothing since he had worn his current gear far too long. Because of that, despite his shave Billy risked recognition if any of the gang members saw him, and who knows what the Feds and the mole knew. Cash was a problem, so he would probably have to try second hand stuff. Billy noticed a nice black leather jacket. Not the biker sort, just with a simple front zip. It was the type of thing that a respectable middle class man might wear to keep off the rain. Billy hadn't worn leather before but it looked ok. Even better, the price was right because it was not real leather but faux leather, a plastic treated mesh. And there were faux pants, vest, and even a matching trilby hat to be had. Billy wasn't sure about the feel of the pants, but it all looked really good, and the hat would do a good job of hiding his head when tilted to block the view of any CCTV camera. Billy argued down the price and when once out of the shop and certain that he was not being followed he went into another shop where he found a back room that he could use. Billy changed and stuffed all of his old outer clothing into his travel bag which he then put inside the large plastic grocery bag that had contained the \"suit\". Then he headed for the SIU by the most discreet and CCTV free route that he could think of.[Chapter 7] The walk and train ride to the SIU proved uneventful. Once in the SIU, Billy got the reception to phone Queenan. Queenan told the reception to provide Billy with a visitors long term photo-id and send him straight up. Instinctively Billy started to look for trouble, which is why he decided to use the stairs. Even so, once he reached the top floor he virtually bumped into Brown. His hat proved a good choice, rather than drawing suspicion as a hood would have done, even indoors a hat was accepted by most people. Even so, Billy guessed that Brown was thinking the matter over. Unfortunately Billy could walk no faster without raising suspicion. Billy managed to reach Queenan's secretary without misshap and headed past her straight into Queenan's office, saying \"Brown may have recognised me\". Billy checked behind, yes there was Brown \"He has\". Queenan turned in annoyance to face Brown, then waved Brown to come in. Once Brown was inside Queenan said to him with some emphasis \"Brown, stand by the door and shut up. Call Ellerby if you must\". Then to Billy Queenan said, \"Billy sit down. I've decided to do as we originally agreed; you helped us, until we screwed up and your cover was blown. So besides Witness Protection, I will give you a job in the SIU anyway. Not a job with a badge, more like a low ranking cop on paid suspension, an assistant for me and Sergeant Dignum. You can also help out with training the new intake. Many have never met a real hardened crook before. You can knock some of the idealism out of them\". Oh, Joy thought Billy. Queenan continued \"Witness Protection will take some time to set up, particularly as we don't know how many cops are either informing for Costello or just plain loose mouthed, which is more likely. For now you will have to sleep in the cell block. There's a canteen and we can arrange to get meals brought into the cell block. You can use the executive room at night, I'll get hold of a radio and there's a TV there. Hopefully you can move home in a week or so, maybe with company\". Oh, Joy thought Billy again. Still, he would be safe. He hoped. Brown was wondering what was going on. He knew that Billy was always on a short fuse, but had never found him to be a bad person, in fact rather the reverse once you got past his hard exterior. In fact Billy had been one of the few decent white cadets. Maybe he should stick close and find out more, although given what was being said around the place about his boss Sullivan that might be a problem. He decided to call Ellerby anyway, for the record. Ellerby was not amused by Brown's call. He charged round to Queenan's office like a raging bull after a matador. Once inside he then lambasted both Queenan and Billy. Queenan calmly told Brown to leave and then told Ellerby to come over and look at the terminal. Queenan then brought up Billy's real Personnel Record. Ellerby was dumbfounded, gasping \"Why\" when he saw how Billy had been framed by the SIU. Queenan replied \"Because I'm using Billy as bait. Billy pass that grey folder marked FBI\". Ellerby left in a shocked state after he saw the contents. After warning Billy that Brown worked for Sullivan, Queenan waved Brown in again and said to him \"Once I've issued Billy with his ID and got him on the payroll, show Billy round, make him feel at home\". Oh, Joy thought Brown. Now why did he get the feeling that everyone was hiding something ?[Chapter 8] Billy was helping to train the new police intake. Billy had been introduced by Dignum to the group as a hardened ex villain and in a sarcastic quip, not one who was a petty thief so their stuff would be safe. Someone in charge of in-house training had had the bright idea of setting up a course on how, supposedly, to do undercover work. After Dignum's slanderous introduction Billy always had to playact being the chief villain. As Billy had had Costello, and also Mr French, as a teacher the sessions were not short on variety and drama, especially when Billy used a boot on certain knuckle heads who thought that acting tough and verbally stupid would let them pass muster. The trainer seconded from the nearby Police Academy had objected to this; Billy \"took\" him into a private location and told him about the who and why of the boot. The trainer backed down, but wasn't very happy. Then the trainer had objected when Billy \"shot\" an involved bystander for no reason at all. Billy immediately enlightened him, and the class, on what being Mr French's assistant entailed. Billy was not a popular instructor with the rookies, or anyone else since he tended to represent reality, red in tooth and claw, over theory. On the other hand, he was increasingly respected and feared, and not just by the other rank and file cops. Billy had also been told to attend some sessions on criminal psychology and mental issues; Queenan had thought it a good idea, something about know thyself. Madolyn had been giving the sessions. Naturally she had seen him and wanted answers. Billy tried to avoid her, but eventually she caught up with him and demanded to know what he was doing there. Billy said that he had never lied to her, but he could not tell her the truth either. For now she should just accept what everyone else did, that he was a police informer who had been flushed out and had done a deal with the police for protection. One day he would tell her the truth. This just served to get Madolyn's interest charged up, she decided to investigate further. Billy had just given a painful (to the student) demonstration on how not to use a knife on himself when Brown arrived and signalled him, saying \"Ellerby says go find either Queenan or Dignum now. There are some FBI officers after you, you know why\". So, crunch time.[Chapter 9] By the time Billy arrived, it was all over. Captain Ellerby, who had contacted Queenan as soon as the arrival of the Feds was announced, had already shown the Feds Billy's true police record. When Queenan, with Billy in tow, arrived, the annoyed Fed's, annoyed because they realised that they were being used, were shown an incriminating photo that Queenan had obtained. Agent Connolly was duly arrested on a plausible (but true) corruption charge and escorted to the cells while his outraged companions where shown the door by armed police. Connolly's interrogation was not expected to yield anything but denials for now. However, Connolly was now under open investigation. Connolly's apartment could now be searched for incriminating information. Connolly's back accounts would be checked just in case there was any bribery to be found. And the bars of his superior, Supervisor Morris, cage would be rattled. A release demand from Supervisor Morris was not long in coming. Ellerby invited Morris over to discuss the interrogation findings. This was a bluff, as he had denied that Costello had provided the information in Billy, but it worked and soon Morris was in the cells too. And so the bars of his superiors cage were also rattled, while the tale was leaked to the media. This was a rare case of the SIU's leaky walls and wide mouths being of some use. The Feds would soon be under pressure to put their house in order. In the weeks that followed, Connolly was found to have purchased properties in Boston well above his means, a large boat, not to mention a small fortune in personal male jewellery. Morris was found to have an apartment full of items that he had not brought, although it was never proved that he had sanctioned Connolly to warn Costello about the joint FBI SIU operation to prevent missile technology being sold to the Chinese. Connolly took the rap for that. Finally it was revealed that Costello was not the only crook with whom Connolly and Morris had a corrupt informant relationship with.[Chapter 10] In the mean time Billy was fully reinstated, paid-up, and actively engaged in researching Sullivan, while Dignum was busy trying to spy on Sullivan. It also meant that Billy could move out of the cell block and, after getting back his car, into constantly changing motel accommodation. However, nemesis was not long in coming. As soon as Billy began investigating Sullivan's case files, he noticed a discrepancy. There were things about Sullivan's first major case that did not add up. Sullivan claimed that some minor hood had disposed of the Providence Mafia hit men, but Billy knew that Costello had removed the Providence hoods who were out to get him. Under interrogation the source of Sullivan's information claimed to have never met Sullivan. Could Costello have been helping Sullivan with more than just cash ? However, there was no proof that Sullivan was financially on the take. When Billy started checking up on Sullivan's rapid promotions the even more rapid promotions of Barragan became apparent. And then Billy learned that Sullivan and Barragan where both colleagues and friends at the Academy. Soon after, FBI auditors alerted by Queenan reported that Barragan could not account for all of his car payments. Barragan was arrested and under interrogation revealed that he had been helped by Sullivan, although he denied taking bribes. No one believed this. Barragan was suspended, demoted, and was now under the standard surveillance appropriate to defrocked cops who had not been dismissed. Sullivan had been lying low, which is why Dignum's surveillance had not managed to learn anything, yet. With the discovery that he had helped Barragan, Sullivan began to feel uneasy. He had underestimated Costegan. The gutter rat was a dangerous and persistent opponent. Now that they knew that he had helped Barragan out, how long before Costegan figured out that Costello had been helping him. The rat might guess it already. Of cause, he must. Damn, it was Barragan's rapid promotion that had alerted the rat. But proving it was another matter. But how to escape. Costello would hardly just let him back out, and now that the Feds had owned up to protecting Costello, they might go after Costello. And then Costello would do a deal. Costello had to go. Then Sullivan was interviewed about the Providence Mafia hit men. Although no charges were made, Sullivan could read Dignum's voice and body language enough to know that Dignum knew something. Costegan had just stood there, yet like a bomb about to go off, and his body language was silent as the grave. It was a warning, and when Sullivan learned from the rumour mill that Costegan knew the truth about the killings, it was time to jump ship, fast. Soon after Billy found Madolyn at the SIU trying to find him; Billy duly spent an extensive session at the maternity ward when his son was born. Billy wasn't really happy about staying in Sullivan's old apartment, it was too expensive and high class for him, but his family would be safe from Costello. Billy's knowledge of Costello's behaviour and methods proved very useful. Gradually the net closed. Billy persuaded the older gang member, who had once been an FBI informant, to make a deal. Costello was crippled in a police raid lead by Sergeant Billy Costegan a year later. Too ill to stand a prolonged trial, Costello got off with minor sentencing, but without Mr French to back him and following the seizure of his assets his gang land hold was broken. Costello's archives only came to light after their Statute of Limitations expiry date. They didn't find Sullivan until ten years later, when Captain Dignum with the help of the NYPD and the FBI collared him in connection with Jordan Belfort's fraudulent wall street share dealing. And even then the charges were minimal, Sullivan was just too adept at spinning excuses. ","Summary":" Staff Sergeant Sullivan was getting desperate. Costello was breathing down his neck and demanding h"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Mind Games","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10967207","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sullivan was getting desperate. Costello was breathing down his neck with barely veiled threats and he was still no nearer to finding the informant. Maybe the informant was not in the Personnel Database, at least not under the gang names that he had been given. It was possible that an alias was being used as a security aid. Or maybe there was a problem with the names. There were just too many possibilities to consider. Getting Surveillance to tail Queenan was a desperate step; if Queenan found out it could lead to trouble. Queenan he could con, but Dignum? Sullivan suspected that Dignum was looking for trouble. Maybe he should try again to get an informant list out of Queenan, but he would have to be really inventive about it. Maybe he should try to get to it via that clown Ellerby. Now that was a thought ...[Chapter 2] The next afternoon found Queenan fuming. Now Ellerby was getting on to him about letting Sullivan into undercover work. Queenan would bet a months pay that this was really about Sullivan getting an informant list. Undecided over what to do, he went to see Dignum. Dignum had his own work to do but this matter was too important to make a mistake over, and maybe Dignum could provide a new angle on dealing with Sullivan. Dignum was scathing when he hard about Ellerbys demands, \"I wouldn't trust Sullivan an inch\" he snarled. \"Why, just because you don't like him?\". \"No ... I don't like ... our friend ... but I trust him cause I know what he is\". Dignum actually meant that he thought that that toe rag Costegan was unreliable under stress, not that Costegan was untrustworthy. Costegan needed keeping under a tight leash and a whip, other that that Dignum would trust Costegan to back him in a fight; he wouldn't trust a lot of other cops to do that, not that he would tell Costegan that. \"So?\". \"Look, first Sullivan's just to much Mr Too Good To Be True for me ...\". \"And?\". \"Maybe it's nothing, but during that FBI business over the microprocessors, I thought that I saw Sullivan texting, after everyone had been ordered not to use their phones\". Queenan was stunned by the revelation. Maybe it was nothing but now they really were grasping for any evidence at all, and there were things about the FBI that worried Queenan. Queenan thought for a long time. Finally he replied \"You're right. Sullivan could be Mr Too Good To Be True, after all we should know what personnel histories are really worth after what we did to You Know Who\". Dignum knew quite well that Queenan meant, about how they had framed Costegan for a major assault. \"So what now?\". Queenan thought for a while then finally replied, \"We have to try and be cleverer that Sullivan or Costello. We know that Costello has been rattled by knowing that we have an informant, that could make him vulnerable. We fob Sullivan of with A list, A list. We mainly include unreliable or untrustworthy informers. As to who is informing on Costello, we need to speak with our friend. I'll send him a text message to get in contact as soon as he can\". About to go, Queenan paused and said \"This has reminded me of something that I never got round to telling you. Now might be both a good time and relevant. It's about something that our friend told me about Costello that I have been personally investigating with the help of some of our watchdogs\". When Queenan told Dignum about Costello being a protected FBI informant, Dignum nearly blew all his fuses. After this they both went their separate ways. Queenan to draw up a list and figure out how to \"sell it\" to Ellerby and then to Sullivan. Dignum to figure out how to set up surveillance on Sullivan during active operations, if it was easy he would have already done it.[Chapter 3] Billy was feeling desperate as he waited for Queenan to answer the phone. Just the day before, Costello had come in with blood all over his hands; someone had paid the price of Costello's increasingly unhinged anger and frustration. But, at least the bait had been taken, so maybe Billy had bought some time before Costello realised that he had been had. Billy had hit the roof when, two days before, he had replied to Queenan's text for an unscheduled phone contact and had learned that Queenan was giving a possible suspect, a Staff Sergeant Sullivan, an informant list. Queenan's reasons had calmed Billy down. It was dangerous, trying to frame, more like slander, people connected to Costello. If it misfired ... but if it worked ... If only that s**t Dignum had done as Billy had suggested and fed the system with false information a few months ago. Finally Queenan answered and Billy was able to tell him that the bait had been taken. There was a leak. One of the guy's who managed Costello's bar had been \"interrogated\" and was in hospital, while a thug who managed one of Costello's store houses was said to have had an \"accident\". Billy was desperate to come in. Billy could supply no more advance information but Queenan urged him to stay in place until checks were made on how the other informants and framed crooks on the list were faring. If they could catch Sullivan in the act they might be able to take down Costello at the same time.[Chapter 4] A week later Billy was shivering, not entirely from the night-time cold, but from nerves as his position was more exposed than he liked and a cop car was parked near to the intersection. Should he warn Costello at the drug pickup point? He phoned Queenan directly. \"Yes\" said Queenan. \"I'm at the highway intersection. There's a cop car waiting there. Costello expects me to warn him if there is a second tail. What do I do?\". \"Wait. Stay on the phone. We have blockades in place and Dignum's friends in Surveillance overheard Sullivan making an incriminating phone call from his office. Sullivan is now on ice ... hold on\". Clearly something was happening. Billy waited. Finally Queenan came back \"Intercept made. Try phoning Costello now in case you need an excuse later\". Instead of Costello, Billy got some one unknown. He broke the connection and spoke again to Queenen \"Costello didn't answer, someone unknown did. Is it over?\". \"Yes\" Queenan replied, \"unless, hum ... Look, Costello is down but may not be out. For now keep your head down and stay in play, just in case any loose ends need clearing up\". That wasn't what Billy wanted to do but then Queenan continued \"Don't worry, tomorrow I'll send out the paperwork to get your convictions rescinded, that's a promise. It should only take us a day or two to follow up any loose ends\". Queenan continued \"Phone me whenever there is a problem, I'll text you if anything crops up\". Well, it was better than nothing Billy thought.[Chapter 5] Billy phoned in at midday and get the news from Queenan. Costello was in hospital and in a bad way, but was expected to survive. Sullivan was fighting to get out of jail. The conversation that the hidden microphone had overheard was incriminating but might not be criminal. Sullivan was proving so adept at spinning excuses that Captain Ellerby was still standing by Sullivan. Both Costello's and Sullivan's apartments were to be searched. Queenan said that that morning a search team had taken Sullivan's office apart and found nothing, except for an odd envelope whose contents had exited Dignum's curiosity. From it's description Billy realised what it was, The Letter that Costello had passed on to the mystery contact. Billy then remembered Costello's threats to the mole made over the phone while they were being chased by the cops. Billy warned Queenan about this; Costello might be open to betraying the mole and should be kept under surveillance just incase the mole, presumed to be Sullivan, should try to remove him. Early that evening Billy got a phone call, from someone claiming to be Costello's lawyer; they claimed to have got Billy's number from Costello's bar staff. The lawyer sounded scared. Billy should drive to his office now, before the cops arrived to search it. Billy said he would come in an hour or so. Billy tried to contact Queenan, but got no reply. Damn. Billy left a text message for Queenan, he would have to go without backup.[Chapter 6] By late afternoon Queenan had realised that because of Ellerby it was going to be impossible to hold Sullivan in the cells. Maybe he should not only text Billy to say that he had sent Billy's legal paperwork out, but also to tell him that Sullivan might soon be on the loose. Then Queenan discovered that the contact phone had a dead battery. Problems, problems. Eventually he discovered Billy's text message. Damn, damn. It could be really important, or even a trap of some kind. Reluctantly, since Billy should always be the one to initiate a call, he phoned Billy. Eventually Billy answered \"What the hell took you so long?\". \"The battery was dead. I only just found out because I wanted to warn you that Sullivan may soon be out of jail. Ellerby is determined to give him the benefit of the doubt\". \"The hell he is. I have enough evidence here to put Sullivan away for life ... and maybe Ellerby if he's bent too\". \"Explain\" demanded Queenan quite sharply, not liking Billy's insinuation. \"The lawyer dumped two car loads of documents on me. I've spent most of last night and today scanning through them. Costello was also making recordings, probably to serve as leverage. There's one of Sullivan being ordered by Costello to break into your files. That's what that letter must have been about, the personnel details might have helped Sullivan with cracking my file. There's also a file marked Police Training Academy. Costello was making payments to several people there. Small payments, so I guess they were cadets; Sullivan was getting the lions share of the payouts. But it means that here are likely to be other bent cops\". \"That's it then\" replied Queenan after a moments thought, \"Stay tight, I'll come over and help you get it to headquarters. I don't want the FBI to know. Hum, I'd better activate your reinstatement now. Its not the correct procedure and you won't get a badge until your convictions are cleared, but you will get a police Id. See you in an hour or so\".[Chapter 7] The Surveillance crew were getting pretty tired with tailing Queenan. News about Sullivan's arrest had not yet reached that subsection, so when Queenan was tailed to Billy's apartment and when they asked Control to inform Sullivan, the news that Sullivan was in the cells on conspiracy charges really detonated alarm bells. Barragan was in charge in Sullivan's absence and anxious to keep his corrupt nose clean. Barragan knew that there must be a more important mole than himself in the SIU. Barragan's own job had been just to ferret out useful info for Costello, not keep the cops of Costello's back; that's how he had learned about Costello's FBI dealings. Sullivan was going to be a lost cause if Costello did a deal, but Barragan might survive as Costello's sleeping mole. For now Barragan needed to cover his ass, so playing by the book was the best option for now. However, Barrgan could put two and two together and guessed that Costegan was Queenan's informant. If he contacted Ellerby, Barragan would be being both honest and spiking Queenan and that rat Costegan. Ellerby was both shocked and most interested to hear Barrigans weaselling account of why Sullivan had Queenan tailed. Ellerby was certainly confused with the idea that Queenan was corrupt. But why was Queenan meeting a thug like Costegan? The idea that Queenan might be using Billy as an informant was out of character with the way that Ellerby's mind worked; to Ellerby informants were even worse scum than the normal crooks. So when Billy and Queenan emerged from the apartment with boxes and began loading then into their cars, Ellerby was baffled. Ellerby ordered the surveillance crew not to lose them. On reflection, Ellerby began to suspect that the boxes might contain useful documentation; he ordered the surveillance crew to close in if there appeared to be any attempt to dispose of the boxes. However, events were to take an unexpected turn. When it became clear that the cars were going into the SIU car park Ellerby was stunned. Ellerby was even more stunned when Dignum led a posse of Troopers out of the SIU to take the boxes into the SIU - and then both Queenan AND Costegan went into the SIU! Only then did the penny drop that Costegan must be doing a deal with Queenan to rat on Costello. Deeply aggravated by the notion that Sullivan could be corrupt, Ellerby was having non of any deals with scum! Ellerby cornered Queenan along with Dignum and Costegan down in the Evidence Store. What then followed was a pretty nasty exchange of accusations and denials. Queenan was outraged and hurt by Ellerbys accusations and comments about himself and Billy. In a rage Queenan told Ellerby that he had balls for brains and that Billy was the only reason that they had been able to take down Costello and his mole; if he wanted to reinstate Billy then he would do so and he defied Ellerby to stop him. To irritate Ellerby even more, Queenan then said that only Dignum, being Dignum, had the right to insult Billy. Anger made Queenan choose to conceal the truth about Billy's undercover status for now. It would come out at the trial, or before then if Ellerby contested Billy's reinstatement. Then there was the issue of the Police Training Academy bribes that Billy had noticed when going through the documents, and the FBI. For now it might best to keep silent while they continued with the investigations.[Chapter 8] The contents of Costello's Police Training Academy file disturbed Queenan. How far had the rot spread through the SIU? The next day, having cooled down somewhat and wanting to get Billy fully involved in the investigations, he took a copy of Billy's personnel file to Ellerby and bluntly pointed out the nature of the false charges made against Billy. After this he left Ellerby to think things over. Ellerby realised that by rights he should apologise to Queenan and Costegan, not that he was going to. Just overcoming his current dislike of Costegan, and the loss of Sullivan, was going to be a problem. But that would pass. Queenan's parting shot, that there was evidence of other crooks in high places, unsettled him; Queenan would not exaggerate over such matters. Billy's reinstatement did not go down well among the other cops since Queenan still wanted to keep Billy's real history a secret for now. Still, the other cops Billy could ignore and get a perverse pleasure out of upsetting any holier than thou faggots whenever he had to come near them. And he could always go down to the cells and taunt Sullivan. Billy soon realised that Sullivan would be a tough nut to crack Sullivan had an answer, however flimsy, for everything. More evidence or another angle was needed. Working from Costello's Police Training Academy file, looking through the backgrounds and case reports soon showed what that might be. Billy found Barragan's background really interesting. How did a low grade cop rise to Staff Sergeant in a year just as Sullivan, a top notch performer, had done? Come to think of it, were they giving promotions away? Billy smelt a rat. Investigation revealed that Barragan and Sullivan had been in the same class at Cop School. Could Sullivan have been helping Barragan? Come to think of it, could Costello have been helping them with more than just cash? And there were things about Sullivan's first major case that did not ring true - Costello had removed the Providence hoods who were out to get Billy. The more he looked into it, the more Billy felt that Barragan might be a weak link to get to Sullivan. Time to get Queenan to reel Barragan in for questioning.[Chapter 9] Billy and Dignum decided to play rough; Billy had no desire to be violent unless stressed or provoked, but this was revenge driven. Barragan was arrested at midday, just before dinner, but they were in no hurry to interrogate him. After a night in the cells on a vague conspiracy charge, Barragan was really worried. Barragan guessed correctly that something had been found in Costello's documents, unless Costello had blabbed. In fact Billy, who realised that Barragan was just small fry passing random intel, planned to let Barragan think that. Starting with a vague claim that so far Costello had only named Barragan and for now was withholding full details, Billy then produced the financial evidence that Barragan was on the take. When Billy said that he had found flaws in Sullivan's case history and used it to claim that both of them had been helped by Costello to get promotion, Barragn broke down. Barragan said that Sullivan had helped him. Billy chose to ignore this, for now, and continued to accuse Barragan of being helped by Costello. Then Dignum butted in and offered Barrgan a deal. That clinched it. Barragan confessed to supplying Costello with internal police gossip, but nothing that would have allowed Costello to avoid conviction. Barragan denied that he knew that Sullivan was the mole. Then, as Billy switched back to pressurising Barragan for details about Barragan's Cadet payments and how Barragan had started working for Costello, Barragan tried to make a deal. Barragan claimed to know something important about Costello having powerful friends. Billy and Dignum guessed who they might be, but continued to play Barrgan and called in Queenan to supervise a clemency deal. By the evening they knew everything, though no more about the FBI than they knew already, except that the Providence Mafia were what the Feds. were really interested in. For now Barrigan would be released, suspended prior to an internal trial and dismissal. The other corrupt cops would have to be dealt with on a case by case basis. Sullivan would be the real catch. Their next catch however was not Sullivan but an FBI operative. Queenan with his other operatives had been going through the documents and recordings, and had finally found not only the recordings Costello had made of an FBI operative and his senior betraying the joint FBI SIU sting operation, but some supporting goods receipts showing that Costello appeared to be the best of friends with them as well. By the time they were through with this stuff, Costello would have nothing left to bargain with. Costello also had a political ally in City Hall. Queenan decided to use that information as bait to lure the Supervisor into the SIU. In the meantime, Costello had talked to a lawyer. Not his usual one as Queenan had managed to him suspended so that Costello would not know how precarious his position was. The laywer was told to contact to a certain Federal Agent and a member of City hall.[Chapter 10] Events worked out quite well. Costello's FBI minders took the bait, and after checking Billy's known background came into the SIU to demand Billy's arrest. Ellerby and Queenan, among others, took great delight in escorting them to the cells on charges of conspiracy and treason. It might be difficult to make all the charges stick, but a court trial would create such a stink that the FBI, hopelessly tarnished, would be forced to clean up it's act. Sullivan, who had been kept in the dark over the full evidence and let out on bail, was tried at the same time. Following Barragan's confession and a study of Costello's payments, Billy realised that Sullivan had been recruited by Costello when a juvenile; this was confirmed by investigation. On hearing Billy's testimony in court, Maddlyn realised that she had not exactly been lied to by either Collin or Billy, but she did not know either as well as she though she did. She had thought Billy a crook, he had sort of admitted it, but she knew he was really a good person. Now she knew why he had been in such a near deranged and distressed state. Collin on the other hand was revealed as an almost pathological liar who might well be rotten to the core. It was time to see Billy before he left the court and explain that he was going to be a father. ","Summary":" Sullivan was getting desperate. Costello was breathing down his neck with barely veiled threats and"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Coyote Ugly 2:The Jersey Slut and Mr.O'Donnell","Author":"hosergirl2u","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/645265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I obviously don't own Coyote Ugly, Adam Garcia, Piper Perabo,nor anything else that has to do with the movie. Coyote Ugly 2: The Jersey Slut and Mr. O'Donnell Chapter 1: (Takes place right after they kiss in the bar) \"So tell me, whatndo you do when you realize all you dreams have come true?\" The voice rangnin Violet Sanford's head. Kevin. Everything about him was wonderful. He wasnjust so…so sweet, and loving. Kevin cares about me, she thought, smiling.nHe really cares about me. I didn't screw it up after all. She grinned atnthe image of her and Kevin that night at the warehouse. It had been sonromantic, maybe even inspirational. Kevin was-he was just so-she couldn'tneven put her finger on it. Kevin just had something about him. Likencollecting comic books, that is so cute, she thought recalling theirnearlier memories. She smiled at the thought of Kevin, following her home,nand tracking her down at the bar. He must have saw something in me, shenthought. Whether he believes it or not he made NYC an easier experience fornme, he helped me so that not everybody was a strange, unfamiliar face, andnbest of all he brought me love, something a guy has never really showed menbefore. Kevin walked up, and took her arm. \"Shall we pull the car aroundnMiss. Violet?\" \"Yes Mr. O'Donnell,\" she said grinning. \"But first-can I sayngoodbye to someone I really care about?\" \"Sure,\" he smiled, playing with anloose curl teasingly. \"What could I do to stop you anyway?\" She smiled andnwalked back to the bar. \"Dad,\" she whispered gently. \"Dad are you still madnat me?\" Her father, Bill Sanford, turned his head to glance at hisndaughter. \"No, of course not Honey! In fact, I'm finally going to say it-nI'm proud of you,\" he practically whispered the last sentence, gazing thenother direction, at something that wasn't in form. Violet couldn't mistakenthe film of tears welling up in his eyes. \"Vi,\" Gloria, her best friend,nsaid tearfully behind her. \"Me and you pops are gonna leave-you take carenof yourself sweetie, ok?\" \"Ya I will Glor, oh, and by the way, take care ofnmy old man, ok?\" \"Naturally,\" Gloria whispered, stepping up to give Violetna hug. They parted, and walked back over to Lil, smiling. \"Lil, I'd justnlike you to know exactly how grateful I am. Grateful for this wholenexperience, grateful for the warm welcome you didn't give me,\" she laughed.n\"Jersey, I think there is some hope for you,\" she laughed. \"Oh and by thenway, you welcome,\" she winked, walking away to tend to a customer. Cammie,nRachel, and the new girl, Jessy, the college dropout, ex-priests daughter,nrecently off cocaine, walked over. \"Hey, so you really did make it,\" Cammiensaid in her extreme Russian accent. \"Yes, and I'm so glad you let me fillnin for your job, I mean, I was paying for college and all, and then thisnhot prick came, and I had to move from my home in Rhode Island-Providence,nI'm originally from there, and so I had to move to NYC, and I'm glad thenjob had an opening, and it's just so hard-I mean not that I hoped you gotnfired, but you seem to be doing so well and…\" Rachel rolled her eyes, whilenCammie and Violet couldn't help let out a little giggle. \"Well Jersey, Inguess you really are doing well,\" Rachel admitted, looking annoyed. \"I'dnnever admit it to anyone but you guys, but I really was starting to likenyou-you should drop by now and then,\" she said, stunning, even Cammie. Shenwalked away with the 2 other girls, leaving Violet alone, gaping. Shensuddenly felt a hand behind her waist. \"All ready,\" Kevin asked curiously.n\"Ya, just let me go hug my Dad, I'll be right out,\" she said, pecking himnon the cheek, giving his hand a quick squeeze. She hugged her father,npromised to visit, thanked Leann Rimes, and quickly walked away, from thenplace she had called home for the past few months.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2/Have A Nice Day \"Violet? Violet pick up. Violet? Oh, well I guess your not home, or justnnot picking up, so call me back.\" Violet struggled with the lock to answernthe phone, and when she finally got in was welcomed by the comforting musicnof the dial tone. She sighed and dialed the new, non-familiar numbers tonKevin's apartment. Suddenly she needed him. Needed to be with him, needednto hold him, and kiss him, feel his arms around her. \"Yes?\" \"Kevin, hi.nKevin, can you come over, I need to be with you.\" \"Come over? Now? Why?\"n\"Kevin I miss you. Besides, I haven't seen you since the day beforenyesterday.\" \"Ok, give me a few minutes,\" he said hanging up the phone. Shensat down, and picked up the remote. It had been 4 wonderful months sincentheir kiss in the bar. That kiss had been wonderful. Better then she couldneven describe. Just the longing to kiss his soft lips, and enclose her armsnaround his. His short, sweet kisses had taken her in, and owned her thatnnight, like that often did. The only other time that happened was when shenwas writing. She heard someone at the door and stood to answer it. \"Kevin?nI'm coming hold on.\" She opened the door, but it wasn't Kevin on thenwelcome mat, it was the one and only Rachel. \"Rachel, um hi, come in.\"n\"Expecting somebody,\" Rachel asked rudely. \"No, well um yes kind of, but itndoesn't matter. What brings you here?\" \"Well I sure didn't come to gracenyou with my presence. Lil's sick. Some kind of rob and run I heard. Thenbullet struck her left shoulder.\" \"She was shot? Is she ok,\" Violet askednin amazement. \"Just great,\" Rachel replied rolling her eyes sarcastically.n\"She's in intensive care, but they said she should be home in a few weeks.\"n\"Weeks? That's terrible!! How's the bar?\" \"Well that's basically why Incame. The old place is still standing, but it's basically trashed, sonCammie and Jessy organized this clean-up thing.\" \"Oh can I help?\" \"Sure,nbut you have to come with me to visit Lil first, she's pretty depressed.\"n\"Gotcha. Oh, I have to call Kevin first-he's on his way.\" \"It's fine, youncan bring your filth with you, he just better not upset Lil.\" \"Upset Lil?nWhy would I do such a thing,\" Kevin asked coming behind Rachel. \"Younwouldn't,\" Violet said, stepping between the two, explaining the wholenthing. She took a few extra minutes to kiss him tenderly, and hug himnquickly. \"C'mon Jersey, you too can do this later.\" She pushed past themnout the door. They parted, and followed Rachel out the door to her car. Asnthey got in, Violet eyed Rachel quizzically. \"Exactly how far away do theynhave her,\" she asked as sweetly as possible. \"Not far, East Hampton. Don'tnworry you won't have to sit next to me long Jersey, we're almost there.\" They arrived at East Hampton Medical Center less then 10 minutes afternViolet had asked Rachel. Lil's room was a tiny private room, with a view ofnUpper Manhattan. They stepped inside, avoiding each other's eyes. \"Jersey!!nHi, I'm so glad you made it.\" \"Lil, you look-great.\" \"Ya right. Jerseynquick sugarcoating it, I look like I got hit by a train. So what brings younby?\" \"You. How are you feeling?\" 'Never better,\" Lil replied sarcastically.n\"I'm doing better, ready to get out.\" \"That's good.\" \"Lil,\" Rachelninterrupted. \"Lil, I'm so sorry we had to bring this filth. He promised notnto upset you.\" \"What? Oh I don't mind. Kevin how are you? I like the stud.\"nKevin blushed and glanced Lil's way. \"I'm fine…er, sorry about the riot…\"n\"It's fine, no sweat. Made my night. So Vi how's the music business?\" \"It'sngood.\" They finally got around to the subject of the bar, and brought upnCammie's plan. \"Jessy's helping, and hopefully it'll all work out,\" Rachelnwas saying to Lil. \"Ha. Jessy is such a pain. She'll never replace younJersey, you always were one of my girls. We don't need a talker, we neednsomebody to dance on the bar, and sing to break the fights,\" she saidnlaughing. Violet smiled and laughed thinking of earlier times. \"Why notnjust hire Jersey back full time,\" Rachel said rudely, fuming. \"Now don'tnget all naked with jealousy Rach. You, Cammie, and Zoe are my originals. Ifnit weren't for you 3 Coyote Ugly might not still be standing…if it stillnis,\" she laughed. They laughed nervously, and hugged her, picking up theirnthings to go. They stepped into the bar, frowning. Violet gasped at the site shenautomatically saw. Cammie and Zoe were knee-deep in garbage. \"Oh thankngod,\" Zoe said laughing. \"Hey guys, where's Jessy,\" Violet askednquizzically. \"She bailed.\" \"Ya, something about her third cousin,\" Cammienadded in, in her thick Russian accent. They all rolled their eyes, and wentnto help. After a few hours of scrubbing and cleaning the place didn't looknback. Violet smiled as she and Kevin left the place she still called home. Back at her place Violet and Kevin lay, exhausted after their long cleaningnsession. \"Violet,\" Kevin murmured, stroking her head lovingly. Violet lovednthe way he said her name in his strong Australian accent. She knelt down,nand kissed his forehead, allowing herself to fall asleep, him stroking hernback the whole time. ***More reviews, more story!!*** LOL[Chapter 3] Chapter 3/Sweet & Innocent \"Violet, you need to stop, I have to get up to leave,\" Kevin insisted,npulling Violet off of him. Wonder what cause this sense of need, henwondered to himself, amazed at her yearning. C'mon O'Donnell, call off fornthe day, he urged himself. You may never get this chance again. But takingnadvantage of Violet sounded criminal to his ears. In fact, it was criminal.nViolet was going through a terribly rough time right now and all he couldnthink of was sleeping with her? He sighed, and dragged himself to thenbathroom to shower. Even thought he didn't \"live there\" half his stuff wasnthere, including his clothes and such. He tried to be as silent asnpossible, but got out to see nothing but Violet's beautiful face, standingnthere, armed and ready, coffee in her hand. \"Thought I might help younunload a bin today,\" she said cheerfully. What brought on this need to benclose to me, he thought? Or what about this cheerful attitude, that alreadynseemed faker then anything. Violet hated the fish bins, and he realized itnwas something more, something deeper bothering her. \"Violet, what's thenreal catch here,\" he asked her worried. \"Are you worried about Lil, causenif that's the case-…\" Violet cut him off, a sugary smile forming on hernlips. \"Wrong? Nothing Kev, I'm as happy as can be. In fact, I thought maybenwe could go away together this weekend, maybe a romantic get-away sort ofnthing.\" \"Sure,\" he said amazed. \"Why not but what exactly to get awaynfrom,\" he wondered aloud. \"I don't know-everything? Everything but eachnother,\" she whispered. Oh, so she's in the romantic mood, he thought. \"Wellnwhy don't we take a trip to my boss's daughter's cabin? She likes me sonshe'll say yes-she never has to know who's coming along,\" he said grinning.n\"Oh how reassuring,\" she said rolling her eyes sarcastically. Good, atnleast she's acting a bit normal, he thought with a grin. He pulled her intona hug, gazing deep into her eyes, serious now. \"Violet,\" he said low.n\"Violet, please, tell me what's wrong, I hate to see you like this.\" \"What,nI can't hug my boyfriend,\" she asked annoyed. \"Yes, but I know you Vi, it'snmore then that.\" \"Yes,\" she sighed. \"Yes, much more. Kevin, I've beennthinking.\" \"Thinking…about what?\" He said raising his brow (exactly like hendoes in the movie () \"Kevin I love you, and…\" \"And?\" \"And I think we shouldnget married.\" \"Married,\" he shouted alarmed. \"Yes,\" she said firmly. \"Now,\"nhe asked weakly. \"No, not now. With our families and stuff.\" She caught wasnshe had just said frowning, but didn't comment. \"Kevin I love you, you lovenme. Why wait? We could go on a honeymoon and everything,\" she said grinningndreamily. \"A honeymoon? Don't know if we could manage that,\" he saidnlaughing. \"Well we'll go to the cabin then. Kevin, I love you so much, whyncan't you understand?\" He frowned and pulled her close, thinking deeply.n\"Violet, I need some time to think, think this through,\" he said taking andeep breath. \"Can you understand that,\" he asked worried. \"Yes, I guess,\"nshe said a worried look on her face. Maybe I pushed it to far, she thoughtnto herself, worried. She watched him think, obviously freaked about thenwhole ordeal. She had to admit it was a bit dramatic-not to mention a hugenstep, but she loved him, and he looked so cute worried. \"Violet,\" he asked,nhis voice interrupting her thoughts. \"Violet I need to be alone now, ok?\"nShe just nodded, far away in her own thoughts, his accent sounding musicalnto her ears. She glanced up. He was gone. Maybe he does just need to think,nshe thought glumly. Of course he needs time alone, she scolded herself.nHe's a great guy, but you just threw this load of problems in his lap, henneeds to think them through. She frowned, and turned back to her housework.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4/Thoughts Kevin lay on the hood of his car gazing up at the stars, thinking of thenfirst time him and Violet had done the same. He thought of her soft curlynhair, covering his chest, her amazing sparkly eyes, and curvy body. She wasneverything he'd ever wanted. Not only does she love me, but she puts upnwith my crap, he thought laughing. He had to admit, he would be a fool tondeny her, but marriage? It was all happening way to quickly for him. He hadnto get away, think about things. Then again they were in love, and hencouldn't stand to think of a day without her. Of course they hated beingnapart, but what lovers did? Then there was her father. Would he go for it?nYes. Her father respected him. Kevin laughed and pressed his face againstnthe cool glass of his windshield. \"I can't take this,\" he whispered outnloud to thin air. He lay there, imagining his girlfriend. Reminiscing allntheir earlier moments. He remembered following her home. I must have seemednpretty pathetic. Pretty desperate, he thought laughing. He jumped down fromnthe car hood and climbed in, wanting to drive for a while. His heart seemednto do a double flip. Violet asked me to marry her and I'm driving, henthought. I'm such a moron, he laughed mentally bashing himself. Violet sighed, and glanced in the mirror. I need to ignore him for now, shenthought running some water. Maybe I need some romance in my life, shenthought picking up a Love Stories book. (awesome reading!!) She ran thenbath water, pouring some bubbles in, lying down to relax. I need to relaxnand think of something else, she thought, smiling. Of course she couldn'tnconcentrate, her thoughts kept drifting to Kevin. I love him, she thoughtnsmiling to herself. Isn't that enough? She sighed and let the steamingnwater take over, allowing her to finally wind down. She again imagined hernand Kevin eloping, and living together, having a baby, making money, payingnbills and taxes. Maybe it was too much for now. Maybe we should wait, shenthought confused. Oh what should I do, she murmured a soft tear fallingndown her cheek and into the tub. My feelings are so strong-I need to callnGloria, she thought, happy to finally make a decision. She finished hernbath and drained the water, picking up the phone to call her best friend.nShe plopped down on the couch and sank her knees to her chest, dialing hernbest friend's number. \"Hello,\" the familiar voice asked quietly. \"Glor,nhi,\" she said glumly. \"What's up Vi? You sound bummed what's wrong?\" \"Well,nI'm just going to tell you flat out the problem.\" \"Yes, what is it serious?nYour not pregnant are you? I mean that boyfriend of yours is prettynclingly.\" \"No-I mean I hope not at least. Listen, today I popped Kevin thenbig question.\" \"What big question?\" \"You know, I asked him to marry me.\"n\"What?!?\" \"Yes that's it, you heard correctly, perfect, prissy Violet'sngetting-or hopefully-getting married. It's just that Kevin is acting sortnof funny about it, and we are very young.\" \"Excuse me, but we are the samenage,\" Gloria laughed. \"Glor, I need your advice. Should I marry him ornnot?\" \"Ok listen hon, my advice to you, is to wait, wait a few months. Thennyou can decide. Of course Kevin may just surprise you.\" \"What? You thinknso? Well we'll see.\" \"Ok, well take care sweetie.\" \"You to thanks Glor.\"n\"Cya Vi.\" \"Bye.\" Violet hung up and lay back, not realizing until a fewnmoments later that she had just talked to her best friend without oncenasking how she was. She sighed and picked up her book and dirty clothes tongo clean up again. ~~Ok listen I really don't know where this is going, but Kevin willnsurprise you I'm sure. I'm not sure exactly how Violet will respond, butnthe more reviews I get the faster I write lol. Thanks!![Chapter 5] DISCLAIMER: I don't own any Coyote Ugly characters, Christina Aguilera,nAlicia Keys or any of their music lyrics!! Chapter 5/Together \"Violet?\" Kevin yelled into the living room as he walked into the house.n\"Violet, baby are you home?\" \"Kevin? Hi Hon I'm in here.\" \"Here? Where'snhere?\" Kevin laughed, taking off his coat. He heard Violet's sugary laughnfrom the back of the apartment. \"The kitchen, come on back.\" He walked intonthe kitchen, smiling as he watched Violet dance around the kitchen, tossingna garden salad and chicken with gravy and mashed potatoes. \"You can buy mendiamonds, you could buy me pearls, take me on a cruise around the world.n(Baby you know I'm worth it.) Dinner lit by candles, run my bubble bath;nmake love tenderly to last and last. (Baby you know I'm worth it.)\" \"Anregular Alicia,\" he said laughing as she stopped, noticing him. She blushednand smiled. \"Do you know what a woman's worth,\" she asked grinning. \"Causena real man, knows a real one when he sees her, and a real woman knows anreal man and prays to please her. And a real one knows a real man alwaysncomes first, and a real man just can't deny a woman's worth.\" He laughedntwirling her in his arms. \"See I can sing, and I do know what a womannwants.\" \"No no that would be Christina,\" she said laughing. All thisnchitchat, she thought confused. He's so…happy. Could he have made hisndecision? \"Kevin, look.\" \"Violet, listen,\" they finished at the same time.nThey glanced at each other for a moment and laughed. \"Vi, I've beennthinking about your question,\" he said quietly, obviously nervous. \"Yes, mentoo,\" she whispered gazing into his eyes. \"The thing is I love you Kevin,nand I want to be with you forever,\" she started. Kevin gazed up placing anfinger over her lips, shushing her. \"I love too Violet. The thing is we'renso…young,\" he finished. \"I know,\" she admitted, blushing. \"I think wenshould…\" \"VIOLET,\" somebody yelled from outside the door, banging loudly.n\"Jersey get out here NOW.\" Rachel. Shoot he was just about to say what henthought, she thought throwing an apologetic glance Kevin's way. Henshrugged, obviously not effected, but disappointed. \"Coming,\" she yelled tonthe front. She flung open the door, and was amazed to see not only Rachel,nbut Cammie, Jessy, Zoey, and a girl she didn't know as well. \"Um hi, what'snup,\" she asked confused. \"We have a major, major problem,\" Rachelnwhispered, tears actually rolling down her cheeks. \"Rach, shh,\" Zoeyncomforted, motioning to Cammie and Violet. They threw their arms aroundnher, patting her back, and stroking her hair. \"What's wrong,\" Violetnmouthed behind Rachel's shoulder to Zoey. \"It's Lil,\" she said sadly.n\"She's gone into cardiac arrest.\"[Chapter 6] ~Nothing against blondes, considering I am one lol~ Chapter 6/Anger \"What,\" Violet asked amazed. Kevin came up behind, putting his arms aroundnher waist, in comfort. \"She's had a heart attack, something about stress Inthink,\" Zoey said blankly. Rachel let out a worried sob, and gasped fornbreath. \"Yes, and the doctors said it didn't look good, like she might notneven make it, and I hope not because I sure do want to keep my job. Hard tonfind a decent job in New York,\" Jessy added in loudly, her usual chattynself. Rachel rose slowly, a look of complete anger and hatred on her face.nOh no, Zoey mouthed to Violet. Violet nodded, a look of fear on her face.nCammie stood pale and stiff, and the girl Violet didn't know stood in thencorner, showing no emotion. \"I can't believe you just said that,\" Rachelnyelled at Jessy. \"What? Why would I care about Lil? I mean I haven't knownnher for very long, and she certainly is a hard slut isn't she,' Jessynlaughed throwing her long blonde hair over her shoulder. \"YOU WHORE!!!\"nRachel charged at Jessy, her face red with anger. \"Oh my god,\" Violetnmurmured glaring at Jessy. Rachel threw the first punch, letting out allnher anger, sadness, and emotions on the blonde idiot. I hate her. Nobodyntalks about Lil like that, specially this idiot, Rachel thought to herself.nJessy stood, shocked, a complete look of astonishment coming over her face.nShe turned, flung her hair over her shoulder again, and left, rubbing herncheek, and caressing her bleeding nose. \"Ha you showed her Rach,\" the newngirl spoke for the first time. \"This is my cousin Tatiana,\" she saidnmotioning to the pretty mixed girl. \"She may be filling in Jessy'snposition. Or should I say yours. Jessy never did fill the spot. \" Violetnsmiled, a small sad smile. \"What can we do? You know for um…\" \"Lil? Nothingnat the moment. She's in ICU and they're doing all they can.\" \"But is therena chance that she could…\" Violet asked, trying to remain as subtle asnpossible. \"Yes,\" Rachel replied, her face showing no emotion. Cammiengrabbed at Rachel's purse, her thick Russian accent interrupting anynunpleasant thoughts in the room. \"I'll drive you back to your place,\" shensaid twirling a strand of her blonde hair around her finger nervously. \"No,nno Cammie we have to go see Lil! She could be…dead.\" \"She's fine for now,nwe can't do anything. You need sleep chick.\" So they climbed in the car,nKevin following, and drove to Rachel's place. \"You sure your ok,\" Zoeynasked, a worried frown traceable on her face. \"Yes, I'll be fine,\" Rachel,nreplied, throwing her arms around Cammie. \"Thanks Cam, sorry Tati I'll callnyou later. Cya Jersey,\" she winked, throwing her hair over her shoulder, inna fake Jessy imitation. Despite Rachel's sudden cheerfulness Violet knew itnwas all a cover up. Rachel was hurting deep down. Bad. The girls and Kevin piled into a booth at the nearest café. \"Do you reallynthink we should leave Rachel alone,\" Violet asked throwing Kevin a worriednglance. \"Absolutely,\" Cammie said in her accent. \"Rachel's tough…she needsnsome time to figure out her problems, like mine with Al,\" she saidngiggling. \"How do you um handle your problems with Al,\" Violet askednconfused. Zoey let out a giggle and rolled her eyes. Tatiana laughed, and Kevin smiled. Cammie took a deep breath, laughing.n\"Well…\" \"Never mind,\" Violet said automatically, rolling her eyes. \"Back tonRachel, she's known Lil the longest-will she be ok?\" \"Yes, Rach getsnthrough it all one way or another…kind of like she did with Sean,\" Zoeynreplied. \"Sean? Who's that,\" Violet asked a confused look on her face. Zoeynnodded in Cammie's direction, a sad, almost unreadable look on her face.n\"Two years ago Rachel was engaged to this guy Sean. They were so in love.nSo happy. Then one day Rachel came to work all happy, and said she couldn'tndrink. When we asked why, she told as she was pregnant.\" Violet gasped.n\"And?\" \"Well when Sean found out he beat her. He had a bad temper.\" \"Oh,\"nViolet gasped. \"The baby?\" \"Well Sean beat Rachel so badly…the baby wasnkilled,\" Zoey finished. Violet sighed, a tired, depressing sigh. Smallntears rolled down her cheeks. No wonder Rachel was so angry. No wonder shendidn't open up to people. She was afraid she'd lose them…like Lil. \"Wha-wha-nwhat happened to Sean,\" Violet stuttered. \"Well, he was killed that samenyear during a shoot and run drug deal.\" \"Oh wow, Rach took it really hardndidn't she?\" \"Yes very. That's why she attends her anger managementnclasses,\" Cammie added knowingly. \"So don't mention you know ok,\" Zoeynreplied. Tatiana cast a faraway look and stood up. \"She's always had anmajor crush on Sean…when he was alive at least,\" Zoey added, whispering.nViolet sighed, lay her head on Kevin's chest and closed her eyes, lettingnthe day's anguish and emotion disapear.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7/Dealing Violet woke suddenly by the ring of her cell phone. The caller id wasnblocked, so she answered it confused. \"Hello,\" she asked sleepily. \"Vi? Vi it's Zoey,nwhat's up?\" Violet glanced at the clock and rolled her eyes. Why was Zoeyncalling her at 3 am? \"Zoey…hi…why are you calling me so late,\" she askednhalf annoyed. \"Are you at Kevin's?\" \"No he's here though. Why?\" \"Meet menand the others at the bar in 10 minutes.\" \"But Zoey it's so late…can't thisnwait till morning?\" \"No. By morning it might be to late.\" \"Um ok…\" She hungnup a shiver going down her spine. She left a note for Kevin and took off,npractically flying to Coyote Ugly. She arrived at the bar, and noticednTatiana's, Cammie's, and Zoey's cars there. Rachel was nowhere in sight. Ohnno, she thought possibilities running through her head. Scarynpossibilities. \"Jersey get in here,\" Zoey yelled sticking her head out thendoor. Violet jumped, hearing Zoey's yell and jogged to the door. Cammiengreeted her, her eyes red rimmed with tears. She noticed that Tatiana andnZoey's eyes were also red and irritated. \"Guys, what's up,\" she askednconcerned. \"It's Lil…and Rachel.\" \"Ok,\" Violet said confused. \"What aboutnthem?\" \"Well Lil's…Lil's alive but barely. She had another heart attacknlast night.\" \"Oh my god what's wrong?\" \"The doctors say she needs a newnheart…they're putting her up for emergency organ surgery under the beepernsystem.\" \"You mean like a heart transplant,\" she asked another shivernrunning up her spine. \"Yes, open heart surgery.\" \"Oh god, have they found andonor?\" \"No, not yet. She's been put up for immediate care though, so asnsoon as the heart comes in she'll go into surgery.\" \"Is there a chance shenmight not make it,\" Violet asked tears forming in her eyes. She rememberednall the times her and Lil had fought. When they first met how she'd toldnViolet she looked like a kindergarten teacher, and how she almost firednher. She remembered auctioning Kevin off and making Lil her $250. Shenremembered singing 'One Day or Another' with the jukebox and becoming annofficial Coyote, and she remembered the time Lil had come to her old cafénan apologized. Piedmont, North Dakota, she had said. Violet smiled, tearsnrolling down her cheeks. Her last memory was of Lil in the hospital sondelighted to see her. She tasted the salty tears falling past her lips andndown her neck. \"Violet? Violet earth to Violet.\" \"Oh sorry,\" she directednat Cammie. \"What were you saying?\" \"I was saying that Lil may not make it.nThere is a chance,\" Cammie replied a small tear forming down her own cheek.n\"What is the chance,\" Tatiana asked speaking for the first time. \"Well shenhas a 70% chance of living…\" \"And?\" \"And a 30% chance of dying,\" Cammienfinished her face pale with anguish. \"Is-is that a lot,\" Violet askednworried. \"Yes, actually it's a high death rate, but Lil'll pull through it.nShe's always been strong,\" Cammie added even whiter. \"What about Rachel,nwhere's she at,\" Violet asked confused. Cammie looked at Zoey her eyesnfilming over again. \"Rachel's missing,\" Zoey replied taking a deep breath.n\"She's gone away…and she's taken Lil with her.\" \"WHAT,\" Violet askednscreaming. \"Yes,\" Zoey said sadly shaking her head. \"Any idea of where shenmight be,\" Cammie asked oddly. \"Wait. Yes I do have an idea. Follow me.\"nThey ran out to Violet's car and drove to the warehouse. Kevin's warehousenwhere they had first been together. Memories of her and Kevin hit her hardnand fast. Fresh memories as well of him, starting to say his thoughts.nWould they be married? She didn't know but she did know something. Nownwasn't the time to think of her and Kevin, but Rachel and Lil. \"What are wendoing here,\" Zoey asked as the pulled into the drive. \"Remember when I toldnyou guys about me and Kevin um, coming here,\" she asked blushing. \"Yes ofncourse,\" Zoey laughed. \"How could we forget?\" Violet blushed again andnglanced to the backseat. \"Well when I saw Rachel so upset I told her shencould stay at the warehouse if she liked. You know she was scared to staynat home.\" \"I didn't know…probably memories of Sean,\" Zoey replied, a sadnglare in her eyes. \"Well I have the strangest feeling she's here…or beennhere.\" They hopped out of the car and jogged in the building, and there itnwas. All the evidence they needed. Two sleeping bags, a backpack, and notenlay on the table. Violet picked up the note: Dear Violet, Thanks for caringnenough to find us. We're gone to find a donor for Lil. Be back tonight ifnpossible. Love Rachel. Violet's eyes filmed over. Did they actually believenthey'd find a donor? Cammie tapped her shoulder and pointed. Ahead was anTV, turned on to channel 5 news. \"Wha-what time is it Zoey,\" she askednnervously. \"Almost 5, the news will be on in 5 minutes. Why?\" \"Well I thinknwe need to watch this.\" Sure enough the headlining story. \"Heartbreakingntragedy of original Coyote sweetheart. Watch to see how her first Coyote'snhelping her find a heart donor.\" They watched as it showed Lil and Rachel,nbeng interviewed. Lil looked pale and sick. \"And here's one out to Violet,nCammie, and Tatiana,\" Rachel was saying. \"Violet and Cammie-thanks girls.nI'll be fine so shut up and stop crying,\" Lil said tears in her eyes. Thenchannel was putting up a statement to all viewers. A TV interview and freenadmission to any bar for life if you had your loved one's organ donated. Ofncourse millions had called but they needed and exact blood type. The doornopened behind them, and Rachel stepped in. \"I guess that wasn't a liveninterview,\" Zoey laughed. \"What's up?\" \"Well it's Lil…she's on her way tonthe hospital-the found a donor.\"[Chapter 8] A/N: Ok I know you all hate me for taking weeks to update, but I've beennpretty busy and my Motocrossed story is pretty full-fledged plus I put outn2 new originals you might wanna check out. Anyways thanks for reading on. Chapter 8(finally) Exhaustion \"Violet? Honey how's she doing,\" Kevin asked, running up to greet Violet bynthe waiting room door. \"There's no word yet…we probably won't know for quite awhile. At least 4nhours,\" Violet replied, exhausted. \"Well ya wanna get outta here then,\" Kevin asked, putting his arm aroundnher, grinning at her relieved expression. \"Sure, I'd love too! Just let me go tell everybody…I'm so tired!\" Kevin smiled and shrugged. \"Meet ya in the car babe.\" He blew her a kissnand walked on towards the exit. Violet walked back to the waiting room, to see Rachel, Cammie, and Zoeyntalking to the doctor. \"Hey guys what's up,\" she asked, coming up to facenthem. \"No word yet, Mr. Big shot over here says it'll all be over in…4 hours,\"nCammie said laughing. \"Four hours?!? Ha! Hey guys, Kevin's outside, and I was wondering if Incould just…\" \"Go ahead,\" Rachel interrupted. Cammie and Zoey nodded, flashing each otherna goofy, knowing grin. \"Thanks guys, I'll be back in 3…call me if there's an early word.\" \"Have fun Jersey,\" Rachel winked and walked away, putting her arm aroundnthe Cammie and Zoey. \"Oh Baby I missed you so much,\" Kevin said, twirling a springy blonde curlnaround his finger. \"Missed you to Honey…I feel like something's missing though. Something'snnot right.\" \"Well, I guess a wild night just isn't complete without a nice strippingnauction, done by yours truly,\" Kevin said laughing, tugging at his belt,nand twirling it around his head, smiling as he threw it to the other sidenof the room. \"Kevin,\" Violet, said in-between laughs. \"Or, I guess we could also have you dance for me,\" he said, throwing hernanother famous grin, causing her to positively melt. \"Sure, but first…\" she stopped mid-sentence and pulled him towards him bynthe shirt onto the bed. \"Violet, Violet Honey wake up!!\"Violet woke to see Kevin's gorgeous facenabove hers, shaking her violently. \"Sorry Babe, but it's time to go seenLil, we better hurry!\" Violet groaned and sat up, wiping her face and glancing at her bedsidenclock. \"Oh god,\" she moaned aloud. She had 20 minutes to shower, dress, andnmake it to the hospital. \"C'mon Kev, we've got to go!\" Before she could say anything he pushed her back on the bed again for onenlast, excrutiating kiss. They came up for air, both gasping and grinningnlike crazy. Violet hurried into the shower, Kevin following her in. \"Kevin we have tonhurry,\" she said giggling. They stepped out and dressed quickly, pausingnevery other second to sneak up behind one another and kiss each other'snneck. Once they were finally dressed they hurried to the car, ready for thendrive to the ER. **Ok I know that was short, but at least I updated! I'll get more outnsoon!** ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I obviously don't own Coyote Ugly, Adam Garcia, Piper Perabo,nor anything else that has"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"Revenge takes Time and Trouble to Brew","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10033135","Passage":"[Chapter 1] That night Billy settled down to watch TV, the first time since before joining the Police Academy when he could do that just for relaxation. In reality he was not relaxed. He was stressed out. He needed company, but the company that he needed was off limits now. Cousin Shaun and Aunt Gladys? Well he could patch things up and become the notorious white sheep of the family; he felt guilty about involving Shaun in the dangerous drug dealings needed to attract Costello's attention. But now he had to think about his future. His tax free bonus had been $50,000. Did that mean he was rich? It only amounted to six years taxed pay. Maybe he could study for a new career. Maybe he should take a holiday snorkelling off some tropical island, say Puerto Rico or Hawaii. His thoughts were distracted by the news. It was all about Costello's death. Funny that when Costello was alive he was off limits to the media. Now everyone was calling Costello a crook. And that slimy Sullivan was taking the credit for killing him; Billy hadn't known about that. Billy sensed someone on the make, at his expense. Not that he wanted to be in the news. He just wanted obscurity for now. Funny though. Sullivan hadn't really questioned Billy much at all. No true debrief. Was the supercilious slimy prick really that conceited, or just wanting to get Billy out of the way fast? Actually it did feel as if Sullivan had wanted Billy out of the way. Yet before, Sullivan had seemed anxious to have Billy abort the assignment. Something didn't add up. Think about it later. He needed to rest. Maybe Dignum would demand answers. About Queenan's death. Well Dignum could come to him, he didn't work for that hateful cross wired ass any more. But why hadn't Sullivan asked him about that? Again, something didn't add up. Think about it later. He needed to rest. Then his mobile rang. But who now could be ringing him now; he had to be on guard.[Chapter 2] By the next lunch time, Billy knew the truth, or some of it. Last night, Costello's secretive lawyer had off loaded a car load of documents to Billy. Some were deeds to Costello's businesses - Billy was now a man of property, or would be if he took control of them. If they were legitimate of course. Others were bank statements and payments made over many years and needed further study. And then there was the box of tapes. Billy had played one, it was with some big sounding business man agreeing to a corrupt deal. If the other recordings were similar, they would be evidence for Costello to use in blackmailing, or to sell to the FBI. Or the Cops, Billy suddenly thought back to Costello's threats to the mole that he had overheard in the car. If Costello had been captured then the mole's days would be short lived. He ought to report this to the cops, Costello's dirty assets didn't really interest him. But there might be answers here, answers that he wanted. Then caution kicked in; which Cops should this be given to anyway, he might be giving it straight to the mole. The FBI? They might be even more corrupt than the Cops - and whereas Cops like Sullivan just went around with a pompous sense of entitlement, the FBI were entitlement personified. He didn't know what Queenan had learned about the nature of FBI corruption, if it actually was corruption in the view of the FBI, only that it definitely existed. Billy might even be doing himself some harm if they got wind of this stash. He went through the tapes. None of the names on them meant anything to him so he would have to listen to them to determine what type of person was talking to Costello. Except for one tape, Sullivan's.[Chapter 3] Billy spent half of the afternoon going through the rest of the documents and made two interesting discoveries. Over many, many, years Costello had been giving out small, really small, payments to various people including Sullivan. Sullivan would have been a kid at the time. Clearly Costello got people into crime at a young age. Then there were no more payments to Sullivan, except for some larger regular sums between 1 and 4 years ago. And they were to a Police Academy Banking account. Feeling the need to be thorough, Billy then found that there was one other person getting money from Costello within that exact time frame, Barrigan, while several others had earlier dates. He recalled that a Barrigan had also received the same small payments that Sullivan had, and at the same time. But only Barrigan turned up among the tapes, telling Costello about how he had become Staff Sergeant with the help of a friend. Billy could easily guess which friend. But it also posed a question : were the tapes only indicating the tip of the iceberg in terms of SIU corruption, not to mention any FBI corruption. The chances were that only the most important moles had direct dealings with Costello. Probably the others were paid cash by a go between, even a detailed forensic analysis of the bank statements might not find them all. But it meant that Billy would have to be very, very, careful.[Chapter 4] Having had no lunch, Billy was getting really hungry now. However, he packed the documents away in a safe hidden place behind the hot water cylinder and concealed the tapes with his own music tapes. Then he went out for a decent meal and to buy food supplies. He would also need to buy equipment to copy the tapes and find out how he could duplicate the relevant documents. Then he could put the originals in a Safe Deposit Box, or Boxes. It was dark when he got home, but he had what he needed. A Windows 3 PC that could burn CD's, a hi-fi system to get the tape signal to the PC, a small printer, a leased photocopier that he would need help in getting inside the house, and the beginning of a plan. Billy was not sure that trying to see Dignum when, or if, Dignum returned to duty was a good idea; that faggot Sullivan might smell a rat, and the more he thought about it, the more he suspected that Sullivan, with help, might be able to bury everything. Even without Sullivan, the stash might cause too much embarrassment to Cops, FBI, and God knows who else to ever see the light of day. But there was no way Sullivan was going to escape. When going to get his meal, Billy had noticed some news bill boards that had given him an idea - expose Sullivan and his friends to the press.[Chapter 5] The next day was spent going through the tapes, copying them to the PC hard drive and then copying them to CD. He needed several copies of each, though he could always make more from the PC providing that he had access to it. He then made multiple photocopies of the Police related bank statements and other things that he wanted to burn the crooked cops with. He had drawn up a list of taped people with their possible occupations, of these three were FBI and some were political. One FBI creep, Lomax, was warning Costello about the joint FBI / Police raid earlier that year - he was acting for people higher up and it was obvious that the FBI were so arrogant about their duties that they had committed treason with the Chinese to protect Costello. He decided to divide up the stash. The business deeds would go in one safe deposit box, he might need them for his own use if things went wrong. The other original documents went into another box and the tapes into another. He typed out a letter to Dignum on the PC, and for good measure put a copy in each 'box'. He then made out a will and put a signed copy in each box just in case of problems with the lawyer. Most of his financial assets would go to a police orphans charity, some money would go to cousin Shaun to help Aunt Gladys with her medical bills, the business deeds would go to Maddy, and his home would also go to Maddy on condition that she held on to it for long enough to see if her marriage was working out. Finally he typed in a transcript for the press and printed out a couple of copies. The next morning, after depositing the stash in the safe deposit boxes, he returned the photocopier and went to Costello's lawyer to deposit a copy of his will. Naturally he did not trust the lawyer, but was willing to operate on a mutual interest basis - you look after my business and I will not mention you to the cops, unless I really have to. Then he went to the clinic to see Maddy and gave her the letter for Dignum, which included a copy of his will. She was to keep it for two weeks and then take it to the police (Dignum). If there was a problem take it to New York and give it to the police there, but not to the FBI. If anything happened to himself she was to open it. It would tell her about the lawyer he had left the other copy of the will with, and the truth about him and Sullivan, as well as about Barrigan and the FBI. He sensed that she wanted to tell him something but he told her to wait. Maybe she was having second thoughts, but for now it was better that she stick with what had. If she really did want to marry him it was better that he was a hero. Next stop lunch, then the Boston Times Press Offices.[Chapter 6] It did not take too long to get to a reporter interested in serious crime. Billy did not give his name, indicating only that he was acting in the interest of someone who could not go to the authorities with the evidence, it was just too hot because of major SIU and FBI corruption. He then played the CDs of Sullivan, Barrigan and Lomax. Once he had explained that Costello's threat in the recording gave Sullivan, now a popular hero, a need to remove Costello, it convinced the reporter and his senior colleagues of Sullivan's guilt. Billy gave the reporter two copies of his transcript of undercover events, indicating FBI treason and the reasons for the murder of Queenan and Costello's removal. To help keep the FBI in the dark, it did not mention Dignum's involvement. He also gave them four sets of the CD's and duplicate sets of his names / occupation list and photocopies of the Police Academy Bank statements. They would publish the basic facts of SIU corruption in the Boston Times Evening Edition, stressing the duplicitous nature of Sullivan and his (presumed) involvement in Queenan's murder. In the morning edition they would publish the entire expose, warts and all. They would also state that the source of the information (Billy) would not reveal himself or the full extent of his evidence to the police, and only the police, unless Sullivan was imprisoned for corruption and (involvement in) Queenan's murder, while Barrigan and the others mentioned in the Bank statements were to be suspended for corruption. They were also to tar and feather Sullivan as much as possible. The reporter would also send two sets of the CDs and their supporting material to their associated TV studio once the Evening Edition went on sale. The Studio's crime news reporter had said that he would try to ensure that they did a major feature to go out during the next evening prime time. They were to play the CD's of Sullivan, Barrigan, Lomax and the other two FBI creeps, so that all of Boston would know what crooks they where; anyway, that was the idea. There was also at least one political somebody who needed unfrocking. Billy stressed that \"walls have ears\" and that if the FBI got wind of this they would come down with both boots, take everything, and then begin a cover-up; at least that was what Billy feared. That is why he was supplying multiple copies, one for the cops and one for the FBI. The press just had to make sure that the backup copies were somewhere far away and safe. They were also to find out where Sullivan and also Barrigan lived. Maybe the press could also dig up something about the other possible cops in the bank statements.[Chapter 7] Billy returned home to tidy up and pack. He might be away a long time and would need clothing, possibly his TV and radio, and the PC and printer. After a light meal he put them in the car and left. For now, he wanted a clean motel room where he could put his stuff, adjoining a decent restaurant where he could get the evening paper. Such a place was easy to find and had the advantage of being within the city limits. It was the sort frequented by nondescript business travellers rather than truckers. For now, he would try to pose as a nondescript business man looking for work. His every day 'co-ordinated' interview suit was too casual for this, but the black formal suit would do if matched with a striped tie. Going for a quiet meal, he was able to read the evening Boston Times. The story was brief but damming, promising more revelations to come. Well, most of the revelations would be coming from the associated TV channel tomorrow. He doubted if the police would show any more than casual interest, yet. Certainly, the few diners who also had the paper were sceptical that it was just media hype. Later he phoned the reporter to check on events. The only news was that the TV company was on track to do as Billy wanted.[Chapter 8] After breakfast he phoned the reporter again. There was surprise news. The morning edition had gone out a few hours before, but then they had been hit by the FBI who had seised all the material that they could find. However, this had gone as Billy had planed for, the reporters having hidden the photocopies and CD set for the police, indeed they had duplicated them. It looked like being paranoid was a good idea. Billy surmised that the FBI 's local operatives knew the truth and were scared. The paper was going to have some fun with the evening edition, as would the TV headline news. Billy considered staying in the motel room most of the day. However, he was concerned about his image. He looked too formal for the business type, more like a lawyer or an undertaker. Driving into the city, he visited a barbers and had a hair cut. Gone was the fashionable buzzcut, replaced by the simple buzzcut he had as a police cadet. The beard could grow, it made him look more mature, and sinister. Then he went to a large clothing store to get a business suit. He wanted something that stood out but did not look expensive, just tasteful. He remembered a suit that he had seen on a fellow cadet just before Queenan had interviewed him. He had not been looking directly at the cadet, who had an arrogant walk, just the suit. Odd, the memory seemed familiar somehow. Had he seen a man with that walk more recently? He remembered it as metallic grey, flashy and pompous. But nice. He chose a metallic dark blue three piece suit, more his type of colour than grey, made from a high polyester mix instead of mohair. It looked nice though. But it did not go well with his beaten up car, any more than his black suit did. Still, he could make up a cover story. He also bought two trillby hats, a navy one to go with his new suit and a black one that would go with either the black suit or his usual dark informal attire. Just before lunch, he phoned the reporter again. Nothing else had happened at The Boston Times offices. Reporters had gone to the SIU and the FBI offices, but had been stonewalled. Inside contacts said that the SIU were acting like The Keystone Cops, with Sullivan being able to dismiss everything. He was The Staff Sergeant. He was the Hero of the Costello's elimination. Sullivan could do no wrong. Billy decided that he needed to be equipped for spying and surveillance on possible enemies. He found a large photography store and bought a pair of small binoculars. They could be concealed and used around the city, as if he was a sightseer. He also bought a large pair, the better to spot the FBI wolf with. Returning to his car, he phoning the reporter again in the late afternoon. The reporter was now able to tell Billy where Sullivan and Barrigan lived. The evening edition would have photos of Sullivan, Barrigan and Lomax. Unlike the other two FBI agents, Lomax was no mere grunt. All that had interested Billy was Sullivan's address, but he might need to know what Barrigan and Lomax looked like. He decided to check out Sullivan's address. Once there, he used the binoculars to see if Sullivan was around and then went in and found out which apartment Sullivan lived in. He also learned from the janitor that Sulivan had a co-tenant, his girl friend. Interesting. Did she know what she was marrying? Going back outside, he used his binoculars to scan the apartments from the outside. What should be Sullivan's apartment had no lights on, so he decided to park the car and go to the SIU using the most likely route that Sullivan would take on foot. Outside the SIU, Billy then waited for Sullivan to appear. About an hour after the end of the day shift, Sullivan appeared and walked home, shadowed by Billy. After waiting an hour, Billy was confidant that Sullivan was not planning to go to his home, at least not yet, so Billy drove back to the motel. He would be in good time to get dinner and then watch the peak time news. That night, The Boston Times News Channel did quite an article on police, FBI , and Government corruption, both real and imagined, and played the CDs as Billy had asked for. In fact it went to town in tarring and feathering Sullivan, Barrigan and Lomax. But would it rouse the SIU from it's slumber?[Chapter 9] After breakfast, Billy watched the morning news and then phoned the reporter. The fiction that Billy was acting for an undercover cop in hiding was wearing thin, but the reporter was happy to play along with it. And with good reason. The FBI had hit the TV studio hard, but had failed to get it's hands on the duplicate CDs and documents. The FBI would pay dearly for this in the press. So far the SIU were still in a state of confusion. Billy decided to pay the SIU a visit and see what the reporters were up to. In the meantime, Billy would have been glad to know that both the local rank and file FBI agents and their top brass were scared. The FBI, for all its arrogance, relied on the idea that it was the protector of the state. But this image was now tarnished. Police forces and judges might not be prepared to grovel to FBI demands. And not all of it's top brass thought that the end justified the means. Unfortunately for now, the FBI reaction was that of a vicious knee jerk. Sanity would only come when its political masters started to demand an accounting and heads started to roll. Maddy had, until now, been unaffected by the revelations. Colin had been preoccupied, worried even, about the previous day's work which had made him short tempered, which was unusual. That morning she got some strange stares when leaving the apartment building's lobby. Then when she got into work, she got some very strange stares from the reception staff. And their conversation had cut off, dead. Later, in the staff common room, a close colleague gave her their condolences about being married to a dirty cop. Maddy bristled, demanding an explanation. Hadn't she seen the news? What about? The police and FBI corruption scandal. She didn't have time for such tittle tattle. Well she should : the police and FBI corruption scandal had been in the Boston Times yesterday and on the news last night, there had even been recordings played of the gang leader Costello doing deals with the police and the FBI, including Colin Sullivan. Maddy was stunned. Married to a crook! And she had thought that Billy was a crook, though she always felt that he was under some sort of duress. She had often wished that she had insisted that Billy go to the police. Confused and unsettled she went to her office. She got Billy's letter put of the drawer. Should she open it? No. His instructions were specific, and it might have nothing to do with Colin. She needed to visit the SIU. She put back the letter, cancelled the afternoon pre booked appointment and left for the SIU.[Chapter 10] Billy was ready for lunch. The reporters had left the SIU, disappointed by yet more stonewalling. However, the demeanour of the cops had changed. Before, the media cop had given totally vacuous speeches about investigating the allegations, not admitting that the FBI had gone in before them. Then a Captain Ellerby had come out to give another, rather angry, vacuous speech about investigating the evidence. Ellerby was also too much of a bloody minded bull, too much like Dignam, for Billy's liking. Not at all like Queenan. However, Ellerby's tone was more serious. Billy phoned the reporter about what had been going on and was told that the police had finally visited both the Boston Times and it's TV channel partner, and received the duplicate evidence that had been hidden from the FBI's clutches. Then Billy noticed Maddy heading towards the SIU. She looked preoccupied and worried. He walked up to her. Eventually she recognised him. So, the suit was disguising him, but it might be mainly due to his hat. Maddy was completely flabbergasted by his appearance and wanted to know what had happened to him. A change of employment he replied, and asked her if she wanted to talk and have lunch. She hesitated, then reluctantly replied, yes, both, but she needed to go to the SIU and ask about the allegations against her fiancée. Billy was now incredulous. What was his name. \"Sullivan\", Maddy replied. \"That Rat Faced Faggot\", Billy gasped! Billy grasped Maddy and said that they needed to talk, now! Billy took Maddy to the nearest decent restaurant that he knew of which also offered some privacy and ordered food for them both. Then he explained that though he had never lied to her, he could never tell her that he had worked as an undercover cop. He had Costello's stash of evidence of state corruption, possibly on a massive scale. The problem was getting it safely out into the open, and getting revenge on Sullivan for the murder of Captain Queenan and the living hell that he had lived through over the last six months. No wonder Billy needed drugs to sleep, Maddy thought. She now realised that her diagnosis of Billy's mental state had serious omissions and that he was deeply in need of additional treatment. Well, she could give him that. He needed affection, security, and a different aim in life. She told him about his baby son yet to be born, a son who would need his father. That stunned Billy into silence, he just felt so inadequate. Maddy reassured Billy that he could be a good father, but she also wanted to know about the evidence of Colin's corruption. After lunch, Billy took her to his motel room and switched on the PC. Things did not go well for Sullivan that day. First his arrival at work, with Chinese whispers everywhere and being cut out of any conversation. Then that afternoon, Ellerby ordered that he, along with Barrigan, be suspended pending investigation of recordings and other possible evidence collected that morning from the Boston Times; witnesses were needed to confirm a Costello vocal identification. Sullivan was nonplussed by this, and had to be really vacuously creative on the fly. Finally, when he got home, Maddy was missing as was a lot of her stuff, and there was a note on the table saying that she loved him but she knew the truth, the CD would explain why she had left him. Also, she wrote, he was not the only one who had lied, her baby's real father was a former patient who would raise him to be an honest and decent person. Maybe it was time for Sullivan to jump ship and run. Sullivan got on the phone to Barrigan to see if he also felt that way.[Chapter 11] The following morning, under Maddy's urging, Billy gave an anonymous interview to the TV studio which explained his situation, and then went with Maddy to see Captain Ellerby. Ellerby was far from pleased but reluctantly conceded the failings of the SIU and the FBI. Ellerby decided that the best course of action was to reinstate Billy in the SIU, at least for now. Billy could be set to work on the forensic investigation of the stash. Maddy moved into Billy's home, which Billy redecorated after they had the tropical holiday he had been dreaming of. Billy was then set to work under the newly appointed Captain Dignum, doing a mixture of surveillance and investigation. Billy worked hard but Dignum did not give Billy the promotion he deserved, though he did put Billy on the maximum pay scale. Before Billy decided to try his hand at something else, Dignum promoted Billy to full Staff Sergeant, responsible for managing the undercover agents just as Dignum had done before. They never did catch up with Sullivan or Barrigan. Evidently Sullivan had an escape plan just in case he was discovered. Actually, Sullivan had only devised a serious one in the few days between discovering Queenan's FBI file and Costello's murder. They hid out in the midwest before heading to Texas to cash in on the illegal migrant smuggling and drugs rackets. Sullivan managed a precarious living as a crooked lawyer and Barrigan acted his crooked cop. ","Summary":" That night Billy settled down to watch TV, the first time since before joining the Police Academy w"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"The Coyote And Ron","Author":"JayHay27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/562644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ron and the Coyote Chapter One: New York Disclaimer: I don't own Harry, Ron ::sadly::, Hermione, or anyone relatedn to Harry Potter or Coyote Ugly. But Lindz is my character, and please don'tn steal her without permission! Thanx for reading! Please Review! Lots o Love to my beta-reader: Benji's niece! ********************************************** \"So, please tell me again why are we here?\" said a tall, red haired boy. \"For the last time, Ron, I don't know. We just kind of. appeared here,\" hisnfriend answered. \"I told you not to let Fred and George cast any new spells on us! But no!!!nDon't listen to the witch who actually knows where she is!\" hollered a girlnwho looked no older than 22. \"Okay then Hermione, where are we?\" Ron asked. The girl looked around. They somehow were in a busy street. Next to themnwas a building that had an amazingly long line of people waiting to enternit. The sign above the door read, in big neon lights, Coyote Ugly. \"Well,nthis isn't London.\" \"Thank you, Captain Obvious! Even Ron could've figured that out!\" the othernboy said while Ron proudly nodded his head. \"Quiet, Harry!\" Hermione said, lightly hitting him on the arm. She lookednaround some more, then finally noticing something that helped her. \"Bloody hell, Ron! I'm going to kill Fred and George!!\" \"Why? Where are we?\" Ron responded, slightly confused. Hermione sighed and pointed at a newspaper stand. \"We're in New York City.\" Ron's eyes lit up. \"That's like in America, right?\" \"Yes, Ron, we're in America,\" Hermione laughed. \"And I'm guessing that'snthat bar Seamus was raving about when he came back from his holiday lastnyear.\" \"Wicked!!\" Ron hollered. \"Let's go!\" \"Hold on, Ron,\" Hermione said, grabbing Ron's wrist as he headed towardsnthe door. \"It's not as easy as it looks to get in.\" Ron raised an eyebrow. \"What the hell are you talking about?\" \"First of all, you need some sort of ID, and you don't have one,\" Hermionenpointed out, smiling because she had out smarted Ron once again. \"Well, we have our Wizarding licenses now. Can't we just point our wandsnand say - poof?\" Ron joked. \"You know, you can completely tell you slept through all of your classes,\"nHarry laughed. \"I didn't sleep through all of them!\" Ron protested. \"I was always widenawake at lunch!\" While Harry and Ron talked, Hermione got to work. She went deep inside hernhead to try and think of any spell that could get them some IDs. Hum. wencould try Incanteum Desgusearim (the Disguise Charm), but it would be toonrisky for something this simple. Hermione looked at the guard. He was anvery big guy. Well, I guess we can forget about going invisible andnsneaking in. \"Have you thought of anything yet, Hermione?\" Harry asked. She over looked her best friends Harry Potter and Ron Weasley. \"Well, Incan't think of a real spell exactly that can get us IDs. But, I can trynanother version of one.\" \"What do you mean by that? Make one up? Ron asked, slowly stepping behindnHarry, knowing Hermione would use him as her guinea pig. Hermione nodded to Harry, who quickly grabbed Ron and held him still whilenHermione pointed her wand carefully at Ron (not that she didn't want tonhurt him. it was just that she didn't want any Muggles to see), and said,n\"Expressious ID!\" Ron closed his eyes tight, and prayed for no pain to come upon him. When henopened his eyes a minute or so later, he noticed nothing had hurt him, andnon the ground in front of him was a small card with a picture of him, hisnbirthday, things like that. \"Well, I guess it worked.\" Hermione laughed. \"And you didn't get hurt this time!\" About three minutes later, all three of them had IDs. But more problemsncame to mind. \"Hey, Hermione, we have no Muggle money,\" Harry pointed out. \"Not to mention our clothes are hideous and evil,\" Ron said, looking at hisnsweater with the letter \"R\" on it with disgust. \"What? Do you think I'd let us go in there broke?\" Hermione smiled as shenpointed to a small spot on the ground and said \"Moneyrous Purpke MugglenAmerican!\" Suddenly, $600 American Muggle dollars appeared. Ron stared at the money and then at Hermione, who was beaming. He pointednat the money and said, \"Can you do that with Wizard money?\" Hermione laughed. \"Now, Ronald, that would be what we call 'illegal'.\" \"So?\" he asked. Hermione shook her head, and Harry just laughed. \"Can we please just getnreal clothes?\" Harry questioned. \"I want to get in that bar.\" Hermione rolled her eyes. \"Men have no patience.\" \"Yep. That's right. Especially this one. Now I want to go!\" Ron hollered. \"Whatever, just. go over there and point your wand at yourself and saynPeskipikis Pesternomis,\" Hermione said as she walked into a little corner.nHarry and Ron did as they were told. Harry came out wearing a pair of faded jeans, a red shirt with somenAmerican logo on it, and a jean jacket. He simply looked hott. Ron came out in jeans, and a shirt that was so awesome on him it couldn'tnbe described. He had a leather jacket on to top it all off. He just plainnsizzled. Hermione came back to her friends looking nothing like the Hermione Grangernthey knew. She wore a pair of low-rise jeans that were faded in the frontnand glittery. She had on a shirt that went just over her belly button andnwas silky blue. Her hair even changed, not much, but it did. It seemed tonbe hanging down in a different way. It could've been the fact she lookednjust plain amazing, but the boys didn't know. She took in a deep breath with a smile, obviously satisfied with her looks.n\"So, you guys ready to go in?\" \"Yeah,\" Ron replied. Harry didn't answer; he just nodded his head, as henwas still staring at Hermione. \"The line looks like we'll be waiting here all night,\" Hermione said with ansigh. \"Oh come on, Hermione! You can make counterfeit money, but you can't get usnto cut in line?\" Ron asked, a little disappointed now. \"Don't worry. I'll just use the memory charm on someone towards the frontnand make them think they were holding our place in line,\" Hermionenreassured them. She picked some guy that looked easy enough, and he wasnbasically right at the door. She pointed her wand at him from a distancenand said, \"Obliviate!\" The man looked stunned, then looked at Hermione andnwaved. Hermione smiled, and nodded for Harry and Ron to follow her. \"Am Ingood or what?\" \"Hey Hermione. Just in time, you're almost up,\" the man smiled. \"Thanks Ryan,\" she smiled, thinking of that name from no where. They waited in line for about ten minutes when they finally got to the bignguard. \"Hello folks. My name is Lou, and I need to see some ID before I let younin.\" The three nodded and showed their \"IDs\" to Lou. Lou smiled and opened thendoor for them. \"Have fun.\" The trio walked in and was in awe. It looked amazing. Not one person lookednbored or unhappy. There were three girls dancing on the bar to some song.nTwo other girls were passing out drinks behind the bar. One with shortnblonde hair picked up a speaker phone and started to yell in it. \"For the last time, everybody! SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!!\" Everyone in the bar fellnsilent and listened to what she had to say. \"I'd like you all to meet my new girl! Her name is Lindz,\" everyonencheered, then let the blonde say, \"and she's a regular here at the bar.nLindz is a former cheerleader, and played in a band before she came here.nBut sadly, this former Catholic school girl is single!\" The crowd againnwent wild. \"Would anyone like to by this Angelic Devil a drink?\" Ron looked around excitedly. \"I'll see you two later!\" He quickly took hisnshare of money from Hermione and headed for the bar. \"Good luck, Ron!\" Harry called as Ron dashed away. Ron walked up to the bar as he counted his money to see how much hengrabbed. He saw Lindz passing out drinks, and completely fell for her. Shenwas about to serve some man, so Ron took a seat next to him. \"What can I get you sir?\" Lindz asked the guy. \"I'm new here, so I don't know what you have,\" he replied. \"Well, we have Jim, Jack, Johnny Red, Johnny Black, and Jose,\" she saidninstantly. The guy nodded. \"Nothing. Well, I guess I'll have a Scotch and water.\" Lindz dropped the cloth she was holding and stared at the guy with annoffended look. \"Water?\" She said that word as if disgusted. \"You want.nwater?\" She turned around and grabbed the speakerphone. 'HEY! EVERYBODY! DOnWE SERVE WATER IN THIS BAR?!?!\" she roared. Ron turned around to see how everyone would react. He was stunned when hensaw everyone chanting, \"Hell no, H20! Hell no, H20!\" He smiled and lookednback at Lindz. The second Ron turned, Lindz sprayed the guy with a hose,nwhich resulted in him and everyone around him (including Ron) to get verynwet. Lindz then laughed and handed the poor wet guy a towel. \"Hey, I'll buynyou a shot for that. It's a little tradition we have here.\" The guy nodded,nfinding the situation funny. Lindz gave the man a drink then turned hernattention to Ron. \"So, what can I do for ya?\" she asked smiling. \"Well, guess I can't order water.\" \"Not unless you want to be wetter than you already are,\" Lindz replied.n\"So, what'll it be?\" \"Well, what do you suggest? I'm new here as well.\" \"Well, we have fun with newbies,\" Lindz said, grabbing a shot glass. \"Hownabout a shot of Tequila?\" Ron nodded. \"Would you like one, too?\" \"Sure,\" Lindz said, grabbing another glass. She filled the glasses, thennheld her glass up to Ron's and tapped it. \"Cheers.\" She shot the drink downnlike a pro, but it took Ron some time. \"Oh yeah, you're definitely a newbie,\" Lindz. \"But don't worry. Stick withnme and you'll learn fast.\" Ron put down his glass and looked at Lindz with a sour face. \"How?\" Lindz looked into his eyes for a moment then grinned. \"I'll can tell justnby looking at you that you've spent half to all of your life as a sidekicknor just plain overlooked. Do you want to be noticed?\" Ron stared back at her. \"Bloody hell, yes.\" Lindz laughed and grabbed Ron by his shirt collar. \"You asked for it.\" A/N: Okay, I know it almost smacks you and tells you that Ron and Lindznhook up, but you gotta remember Lil's rules before you jump to ideas. Trustnme, the story get better! I hope to have the next chapter up as soon as Inget TWO reviews! That's all I ask! Two! Thanx! And this story is open tonideas for help! Much love to Benji's niece!nLots o Love, ~Lindz[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: The Angelic Devil Disclaimer: I don't own anyone or anything to do with Harry Potter, JK beatn me to it. Also, I don't own the characters from \"Coyote Ugly\" either. But,n Lindz (Lindsay) is my character. Yes, I'm fully aware this chapter reallyn has no point what so ever, but I'm trying to build up to something, so bearn with me people! Lastly, Lastly, I'd like to thank reviewers energy and Tsar for being the first ones to review! Oh, and don't worry energy, no Johnn Goodman in this fic, and you see what you asked for! Enjoy! BTW, much love to Benji's niece!!! *************************************************** \"What are you going to do to me?\" Ron asked, a little shocked at her fastnreaction. Lindz grinned and released Ron. \"Hey Cammie, I've got a newbie here. Younwanna help him out?\" A girl with long blonde hair walked towards Ron and Lindz from behind thenbar. She smiled and shook Ron's hand. \"Hi. I'm Cammie,\" she said with anRussian accent. \"Ron,\" he replied. \"So, I hear you're new to bars, huh?\" Cammie asked as Lindz went to helpnanother person. \"Um. yeah. Actually, I just got here from London,\" Ron answered as Cammientook out a shot glass. \"That's nice,\" she said, pretending to care, while doing some fancy tricksnwith the bottle before putting it away. \"Well, let me tell you aboutneveryone here.\" Cammie pointed at a brunette that was dancing on the bar.n\"That's Rachel, the New York Bitch.\" She then pointed to a girl who wasnhopping off the bar. \"That's Zoe. We call her the Law.\" And finally, shenpointed to the lady who had introduced Lindz earlier. \"And that's Lil, thenboss.\" Ron nodded to everything Cammie said as she gave him a shot. \"Here, it's onnme.\" Ron took the glass and tried to get successfully get the liquid down hisnthroat. And he almost succeeded, but the drink went down the wrong pipe.nRon started to cough. Cammie just laughed. \"I see what Lindsay was talkingnabout.\" Ron felt a little embarrassed, and started to turn all too familiar colornof red. \"Don't worry about it. Everyone starts as a beginner. Well,neveryone except Rachel. People say she was twirling bottles the second shenpicked one up when she was two.\" Cammie slipped him another shot. Ron took it and nodded. \"Impressive.\" He was starting to get the hang ofnthis shot thing, and the drink was starting to taste good. He blabbed onnwith Cammie about a lot of different things. After about twenty minutes ornso of free shots, Cammie left Ron, and Lindz came back. \"So, you think you've got this down?\" she asked smiling. \"Yeah, and you know, this stuff is really good, too!\" Ron answered. Zoe walked over to Lindz. \"Now?\" she asked, her hand reaching for thenspeaker phone. \"Well,\" Lindz put her hand on her chin and took a step back to look at Ron,n\"what do you think?\" Zoe examined him. Then she smirked and said, \"Cammie should start chargingnfor this. She'd have more money than Lil.\" The song \"Unbelievable\" started up on the jukebox. Zoe, Cammie, and Lindznclimbed on top of the bar. Lindz and Cammie began to dance while Zoenshouted into the speakerphone. \"All right ladies and gents! It's time fornthat party everyone loves to see!\" Everyone started to cheer, except Ron,nwho was curious as to what they were up to. \"We have a new contestant thisntime. I'd like you all to meet Ron!\" Ron's eyes widened as Zoe dragged himnon the bar. He looked on the crowed and saw Harry and Hermione laughing atnhim. \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!\" he hollered. \"Getting you seen, Shadow Man,\" Zoe laughed. \"Now, where are you Kevin?\"nZoe explored the crowd. \"Ha! You can't hide from me!\" Ron watched Zoe jumpnoff the bar and drag some guy over to it. Along with him was a blonde girl. \"Zoe. please, not today,\" Kevin laughed as she continued to drag himntowards the bar. Getting no response from Zoe, he turned towards the blondengirl following him. \"Violet?!\" \"Oh, come on. Have some fun, Mr. O'Donnell, will ya?\" Violet smiled. \"Lil, grab someone else!\" Zoe shouted. Lil nodded and looked around. \"Lou, get your butt up here!\" Lou shook hisnhead \"no\" with a smile, but the crowd thought otherwise. Everyone startednto chant, \"We want Lou! We want Lou!\" He finally gave in and came towardsnthe bar. Ron, still entirely confused, tried to slip off the bar withoutnbeing noticed. \"Where do you think you're going?\" Rachel asked, grabbing the back of hisnshirt. Ron rolled his eyes in defeat and worked his way back onto the bar. \"You're gonna play our little game, Ron,\" Rachel said mischievously, \"andnyou're gonna show us what Lindz sees in you.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"I've known Lindsay for years, and she doesn't like asking for favors.nEspecially from Cammie.\" \"What?\" Ron asked, noticing that the shots were beginning to affect him. Rachel was about to reply, but Zoe's voice overpowered hers. \"Okay now. wenhave our three contestants!\" Zoe put the three men in a line on top of thenbar, Kevin between Ron and Lou. \"You all know Mr. Donnell, and almost everynperson has been thrown outta here by Lou. Ron, our newest victim, is herenfrom London.\" Ron went a red that he knew must've rivaled his hair. He knew he was inndeep. He, too, looked around, and sure enough, Harry and Hermione wenworking their way to the front of the bar. Oh God, I hate myself, henthought. You'd think once, JUST ONCE, I could look at a hott girl and notnfall for one of her tricks. But NO! I've gotta live up the ThickheadednWeasley legend. Zoe looked down behind the bar. \"Jersey, I need three of the good stuff.\" \"You got it, Zoe,\" Violet replied as she reached for three bottles. Huh? I thought her name was Violet. Oh god. note to self. never, NEVER, letna Russian give you more than one free shot. Ron came out of this thought by Zoe shoving a bottle in his hands. \"Takenthis,\" she demanded. \"Okay boys and girls, you know the rules. The first to finish their bottlengets to leave the bar, and the other two, well, my girls decide whatnhappens to you!\" Lil said. Ron then realized how deep he was. They tricked me! Great, I'll givenanything I'll get so drunk I'll make Fred and George look sane. At this time, Harry and Hermione had made their way up to the bar, finally. \"You think he'll do it?\" Harry laughed. Hermione didn't answer; she just stared at Ron with a worried look. Harry noticed Hermione's worried look. \"What's wrong?\" \"Ron. he's never drank straight from a bottle before,\" Hermione said. Harry smirked. \"Maybe you don't know everything, Hermione.\" Hermione turned her face to look at Harry. \"No, I mean he's never drank annentire bottle of whisky. in front of Muggles.\" Harry stopped laughing as Zoe started to give the signal. \"Oh shit,\" henmuttered. \"GO!!!!\" Zoe screamed. With that, Ron, Kevin, and Lou had the bottles inntheir mouths. It was obvious that the other two had done this before, butnRon looked like he had no clue what the hell he was doing. \"Hey, I wouldn't worry too much about him,\" Lindz said to Hermione. \"He'llnbe fine.\" Hermione nodded her head, but didn't truly believe Lindz. \"I saidndon't worry,\" Lindz reassured her as she grabbed something from under thenbar. She looked towards Lil, who came and stood in front of Lindz. Hermionentried to peak to see what Lindz was hiding. She only saw, however, a smallnpiece of wood being pointed at Ron. Lil noticed that Hermione and Harry were trying to see what Lindz was upnto. \"Hey, what's with your forehead?\" she asked Harry, lifting his bangs.nLindz looked over Lil's shoulder to see what Lil was talking about. Then,nshe gasped and dropped what she was holding. Hermione looked at the sticknthat had been dropped. It was a wand. \"Oh my god! You're - OUCH!\" Lindz started to say, but was stopped by Lilnstomping on her foot. \"Oh, I'm so sorry Lindz, I had no idea your foot was there,\" Lil lied. \"Whyndon't you go sit down, huh?\" Lindz nodded, unable to speak. Lil walked with Lindz to a back room. Harry turned towards Hermione. \"Don't tell me that was what I think itnwas.\" \"You know I'm bad at lying,\" Hermione answered honestly. \"WE'VE GOT A WINNER!!\" Zoe yelled, bringing Harry and Hermione's eyes backnto Ron and the others. Zoe was holding up Lou's arm, who looked perfectlynfine. Ron and Kevin, however, looked greenish. \"At least he drank more than that guy,\" Harry pointed out. \"Harry! You should be praying he doesn't start blabbing to Muggles about. Indon't even want to think about the damage Ron could do!\" \"Bloody hell, this shit is good!\" Ron said, getting off the bar andnstanding next to Harry. \"Give me that!\" Hermione ordered, taking the bottle from his hands. \"Hey,\" Ron yelled, \"give it back or-\" \"What are you doing?\" Lindz asked Ron. \"You have a consequence to face.\" \"What?\" Harry, Ron, and Hermione asked. \"You heard Lil, who ever doesn't win, well, has to do something we forcenthem to do,\" Lindz grinned, trying to keep her eyes off of Harry'snforehead. \"And, well, we decided that you and Kevin need to put on a littlenshow for all the good little people here.\" \"Whatever,\" Ron shrugged, climbing over to the other side of the bar. \"Dear god. what are you going to make him do?\" Harry asked. Before anyone could answer, the jukebox put on a new song, \"One Way ornAnother\". Violet grabbed two microphones: one for her, and the other fornLindz. \"What do ya say?\" Violet asked, holding out the mic to Lindz. She smiled and took the mic. \"Why not?\" Violet jumped up onto the bar, and started to dance with Kevin. Lindz alsonhopped on the bar and started singing. \"One way, or another, I'm gunna findnya. I'm gunna get cha!\" Ron stood behind the bar and watched Lindz. She had the singing voice of annangel. I really shouldn't be messing with this girl, he thought. She'sndefinitely an angelic devil. \"Hey, what are you still doin' down here, Red?\" Lil asked Ron. \"I don't know what I'm supposed to do,\" he answered bluntly. \"You're supposed to get your ass up there,\" Rachel answered for Lil. \"WHAT?!\" Ron asked, his eyes flying out of his head. \"I CAN\"T DANCE!\" \"Well, that's to bad then, huh Red?\" Lil laughed. \"Why do you keeping calling me Red?\" Ron questioned as the girl shoved himnup on the bar. Lil didn't say anything, just pointed to Lindz, who was working her wayndown the bar towards Ron. Violet started singing as the second verse started up. Not having a damnnclue as to what was happening to him, Ron started to dance. Wow, his legs do move, Lindz thought. She started to dance with Ron. Thatnwas the first time really noticed him. God, he looks good. I couldnseriously get lost in those eyes if I'm not careful, and his hair- WAIT!nCalm down Lindsay. You just ended it with that Draco creep! No more messingnwith foreigners. no matter how hott they are, or how perfect they dress ornhow awesome they dance, or - SHIT! Lindz had stepped on a shot glass,ncausing her to fall. Just as she was about to hit the bar head first onnanother shot glass, she felt someone catch her. \"You okay?\" Ron asked. \"Yeah,\" Lindz said as Ron helped her get her balance back. \"Thanks. Thatnwould've been a lot of blood to clean.\" Ron smiled. \"I'll give anything I've seen worse.\" Lindz smiled, and she and Ron finished dancing. When the song was over,nLindz, Violet, Kevin, and Ron stepped off the bar. \"I thought you said you couldn't dance, Red,\" Rachel smirked. \"I still say I can't,\" Ron protested. \"Good job up there,\" said Violet, shaking Ron's hand. \"I'm VioletnO'Donnell, the Jersey nun.\" Ron smiled, not knowing what to say. \"I'm Ron. the guy with red hair.\" \"I see that,\" Violet replied laughing. \"So, Rachel tells me you have anthing for my good friend Lindz.\" Ron looked over at Lindz. Her brown hair streaked with a very dark red wasnshinning in the light. \"Yeah, I guess you could say that.\" A/N: Hey! I know that's not much of an ending, but as I said, this chapternreally has no point. I'm also happy to say that when I started Chapter Two,nI only had two reviews. Now, I have four! ^_^!! So, I'm also thankingnreaders Mags and = (). I'll put up chapter three as soon as I finish it! Inknow this is a lot more Harry Potter than Coyote Ugly so far, but they arenboth a huge part. So, look for the next chapter soon, and thanx! Much lovento Benji's niece![Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Lindz A Witch? Disclaimer: I own nada. Well, nada but Lindz. Anyway... omg!!! I can't believe you people actually like my story! Okay, as you all learned class, Lindz is a witch. To let you ppl know, Lil and Zoe are too. Lil is because she's old friends with Lindz, and Zoe is because I said so. Okay, on to the story! ********************************* As the rest of the night rolled on, Harry and Hermione realized that Ron liked Tequila... a lot. So much... that... well.... it brought out the Fred and George Weasley in him. When Harry and Hermione decided that they and everyone else in the bar had had enough, they dragged him outta there, and to a small restaurant a block away. \"That was fun,\" Ron kept saying. \"We know Ron,\" Harry kept replying. \"Especially when I gave you the Marauder's Map, and you snuck into Honeyduke's. That was funny.\" \"Harry,\" Hermione whispered in his ear, \"what is he talking about?\" \"I think that he thinks that he's either Fred or George,\" he whispered back. Hermione shook her head in pity when a waitress came up to the table they were sitting at. \"Can I get you three anything?\" she asked. Hermione looked at Harry, who nodded. \"A glass of milk,\" Hermione said. The waitress nodded and walked away. Ron looked at Hermione, his mouth hanging open. \"MILK? What you need milk for?\" Hermione ignored him and talked to Harry. \"You know, I'd like to know if that Lindz girl is the same Lindz that dated Seamus while he was here.\" \"Me too,\" Harry agreed. \"You know, I also heard that Malfoy came to America once, and that he fancied some girl from a bar.\" \"It had to be her then, because Malfoy wouldn't even dream of looking at a Muggle with affection, and Lindz is obviously a witch, judging by the fact that she tried to perform some sort of spell on Ron.\" \"Here you are,\" said the waitress as she returned with a glass of milk \"Thank you,\" Hermione said, taking the glass. Once the waitress walked away, Hermione took the glass under the table, dipped the tip of her wand in it, muttered some spell, then brought the glass to the top of the table. \"Here you go Ronnie, drink this.\" She handed the glass to Ron. The white milk had now turned into a purplish color. Ron looked from the purple liquid in the glass, then to Hermione, then back to the liquid, debating whether he should drink it or drop it and demand more Tequila. He looked back at Hermione, who gave a look that read if-you-don't-drink-that-now-I'll-kill-you, so, rather reluctantly, Ron drank the purplish liquid. Instantly, he felt back to normal. So Ron, no longer extremely drunk, tried to remember everything that he had done that night. ~~~~~~~Flashback~~~~~~~ \"I like your shirt!\" Ron yelled over to Lindz (this is when the Tequila was starting to get to him). \"Thanks Red,\" she replied. \"But can I ask you a question?\" \"Shoot,\" she said, putting down a bottle and looking at Ron. \"Why aren't you wearing a no-sleeve shirt like the rest of the Coyotes?\" Ron asked, this being the first in several stupid questioned he had asked. Lindz laughed. \"Because I have a tattoo that I'm not very proud of, and I don't want anyone to see it.\" \"If you hate it then why did you get it?\" \"It wasn't my choice. When I was really little my dad put it on me, thinking I would become something I didn't.\" Ron looked at her like he hadn't understood a word she said. \"Huh?\" \"Forget it Red,\" Lindz smiled. \"Now, it's my turn to ask you a question.\" Ron nodded. \"What part of the UK are you from?\" Ron raised an eyebrow. \"What makes you think I'm from the UK?\" \"The accent,\" Lindz said, putting on a fake Brit voice. Ron grinned. \"Shh!\" he whispered, beckoning Lindz to lean closer to him so he could whisper something in her ear. \"No one in the world knows this, but I am really from,\" he looked around to see if anyone was listening, \"Iceland.\" Lindz tried her hardest to hold back a laugh. \"You're secret is safe with me my friend.\" Lindz walked over to Cammie quickly and asked her, \"Exactly how many shots did you give him Cammie?\" Cammie smiled, and Lindz walked back over to Ron. \"So Red, what's your real name?\" \"Ron Weasley....... I think,\" he replied. The grin suddenly left her face. \"Is your dad Arthur Weasley?\" \"Yep, that be him.\" Lindz gave a small fake laugh. \"He works for the Ministry in London, right?\" \"Yep.\" Lindz took in a deep breath and rubbed her right arm. \"Well Red, I mean, Ron, here, take this bottle,\" she smiled dully, handing him a bottle of Tequila. \"I have to get back to work now, or Lil will have my head. Nice chattin' with you, and, ah, maybe we can talk again,\" Lindz said as she wrote her telephone number in the palm of Ron's hand. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \"RON!\" Harry yelled into Ron's ear. \"WHAT!\" Ron said as his mind jumped out of the flashback. \"Are you okay? You've been staring at your hand for a while,\" Hermione said. \"Oh, sorry, I was just thinking about something,\" Ron said. \"We were just talking about Lindz,\" Harry said, filling Ron in on the conversation he hand missed. \"What about her?\" Ron asked. \"We think that she's the girl that Seamus was seeing while he visited here,\" Hermione said. \"And the girl that Malfoy dated,\" Harry added. Ron laughed. \"Malfoy?! The only way Malfoy would even think about fancying her was if she was a -\" \"Witch,\" Hermione and Harry said in unison with Ron. At that moment, Lindz walked in to the restaurant with the other Coyote named Zoe. They both had a small picture of a Snitch on their jackets. \"Hey Red!\" Zoe smiled, then looked over to the man behind the counter. \"The usual!\" she said. Hermione looked at Harry and Ron. \"There's your proof.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Ron questioned. \"Ron, it's a know fact that in America all witches and wizards wear a Snitch somewhere on their clothing,\" Hermione answered. \"And did she say anything to you tonight that might in anyway hint of what she is?\" Harry asked Ron. Ron looked at the palm of his hand then over at Harry. \"Yeah, she asked if my dad worked for the Ministry in London.\" \"And she recognized me by my scar,\" Harry recalled. \"There you have it! All the signs of her being a witch!\" Hermione announced to Harry and Ron. Ron shrugged his shoulders. \"Oh well, she's a witch. See if I care. Lavender's a witch and I dated her once.\" Harry laughed and Hermione rolled her eyes. \"Wait? Where are we gonna sleep tonight?\" Harry asked. Okay, really lame cliffhanger![Chapter 4] Chapter Four: The Entrance to LoPresti Lane Disclaimer: I, again, own only Lindz. That's it! And I'm makin' no green for writing this, so don't sue me! Okay, again, thanks for all the wonderful reviews! Believe me, you people have NO DAMN IDEA how much they mean to me ^.^ And I am SO sorry it took so long for me to post this! I know you all are ready to KILL me! I don't blame ya! Now, on to the story! **************************************** The gang somehow managed to find a really cheap hotel to stay at. While Hermione and Ron were sleeping, Harry was writing a letter to Fred and George. Dear Fred and George, Well, we wound up in America this time. Thanks.... Anyway, looks like we're going to be staying here for a while. Ron seems to like here a lot.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five: A Chat with Lindz Disclaimer: I don't have any claim on Harry, Ron, Herm, or anyone else J.K. thought of first. I basically only own Lindz and Caitlin. There are a few inside jokes in this, so if anyone wants anything to be explained, you can e-mail me at Sorry this took so long to put up. I plan on getting chapter six up very, very soon! So, anyway, on to the story! The trio's eyes lit up as they looked around. LoPresti Lane had to be a least three times bigger than Diagon Alley! \"So, where do you guys wanna go first?\" Lindz asked. Harry and Ron screamed \"QUIDDITCH SHOP!\", while Hermione said \"a bookstore\". \"Well, let's go to Gringotts Bank first. I've only got Muggle money on me,\" Lindz said, pointing towards a brick tower down on of the streets. The three nodded and followed. They kept their eyes wide open, looking at all the shops. There was Frank's Prank Palace, Menary's Make-It-Yourself! Candy Shoppe, Make It for A Muggle Store, and many many more. Gringotts had huge oak doors, and two statues of a kappa. One the door, their was a short, simple warning. Warning: Any wizard or witch who intends to rob Gringotts Bank will find out that what you see to your left and right isn't just a statue. \"What does that mean?\" Ron asked. Lindz raised an eyebrow. \"It means if you want to rob this bank, the kappa statues will be become real.\" Hermione looked over at the near by lake and quivered. Lindz opened the doors and walked into a room with glass walls, glass ceiling, and glass floors. She walked up to a teller and held out her right thumb. \"What are you doing?\" Harry questioned. \"Getting my money, what does it look like?\" Lindz replied. \"Hey Marc. How are ya?\" \"Fine,\" Marc replied smiling. He pulled out a wand and pointed the tip just over Lindz's thumb. \"Who are your friends?\" \"That's Ron, Hermione, and Harry,\" she replied. Marc nearly dropped his wand. \"No way! It's Harry-\" Lindz threw her hand over his mouth. \"I'll talk about it later. Can I just please get some money?\" Marc nodded, and barely said, \"How much?\" Lindz said how much she needed, and it appeared in two small black velvet bags. Lindz thanked him, took the bags, and left Gringotts. \"So, how about Basilisk Books first?\" \"BASILISK?!\" Ron and Harry yelled. Lindz rolled her eyes. \"It's called Basilisk Books because the owner of the shop likes the word Basilisk, which also means little king' in Greek.\" \"Call it Little King Books' then!\" Ron demanded. Lindz stared at him. \"Okay then.\" She directed them to the bookstore. Hermione's eyes lit up once they got there. She was speechless, if anything. Basilisk Books was more of a library than a bookstore. \"I'll be right back, I wanna look around,\" Hermione quickly said, then ran off into the store. \"She's be back in an hour at the earliest,\" Harry laughed. Ron nodded in agreement. \"That's fine. I have to find a book anyway,\" Lindz said. \"What's it called? We'll help you look,\" Harry suggested. \"Oh, don't worry about it,\" Lindz responded quickly. \"I can find it myself. Why don't you two have a look around?\" The boys nodded, and Lindz walked away. \"This is larger than the library at school,\" Ron said. \"I know. Hermione could live here,\" Harry replied. \"Of course I could,\" Hermione said as she walked towards them with a cauldron full of books. \"Hermione, you haven't got any money with you,\" Harry said. \"I know. Which is why I am asking you two to please wait right here while I make a quick stop at Gringotts in London. I'll be right back.\" Hermione set the cauldron down in front of the boys and Disapperated. \"Why does she always do that to us?\" Ron questioned. \"That's just the way Hermione is,\" Harry answered. \"So, I guess we just wait here then.\" \"Exciting.\" Hermione returned about twenty minutes later with three velvet bags full of money. \"I stopped by your vaults as well while I was there.\" \"Thanks Hermione,\" Harry said, giving her the cauldron in exchange for the moneybag. They followed Hermione over to the checkout, and arrived there just as Lindsay finished purchasing a book. \"Hi,\" she said, putting the bag holding the book behind her. \"Are you ready to go?\" \"Not yet, I want to buy these books first,\" Hermione said, putting the cauldron on top of the counter. The cashier's eyes grew wide. \"Will that be all?\" \"Unfortunately, but only for now,\" Hermione replied. Cashier nodded, and rang up Hermione's books. Once everything was paid for, the four of them left the shop. \"I'm starved,\" Ron complained. \"Let's get something to eat.\" \"I'm hungry, too,\" Lindz agreed. \"Let's go to Clay's. It's a great restaurant .\" \"I'll meet you three there,\" Harry said, remembering the letter he needed to send to Fred and George. \"I need to visit the post office.\" \"Oh, I'll join you!\" Hermione said. \"Where is it?\" \"Right next to Frank's Prank Palace, where we came in,\" Lindz replied. \"All right, we'll see you in a bit.\" Harry and Hermione went off. \"Okay, let's go get some food!\" Ron rejoiced. The two of them walked for a few minutes before reaching Clay's Restaurant. They placed their orders, picked up their food, and sat at a table on the outside patio. After they finished their meals, they started to talk. \"So, tell me about yourself,\" Lindz said. Ron laughed. \"What do you want to know?\" \"Anything.\" Ron sighed. \"Well... I'm the sixth child of seven. You already know my father works for the ministry, in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Department, and my mom stays at home. At Hogwarts, I became best friends with Harry and Hermione. Hermione and I always fight, though. The reason I'm here and not in London is that my twin brothers, Fred and George, like to invent spells, and test them on Harry, Hermione, and I when we don't know they're there.\" Ron paused for a moment to think. \"There's really nothing else I can think of, besides that I'm obsessed with Quidditch. What about you? I doubt you were always a single Catholic Schoolgirl.\" Lindz smiled. \"Never, actually. I attended Morgana's Academy of Magic with Caitlin. She's my best friend in the entire world. I had plenty of boyfriends then. I was in love with this one guy named Evan in my sixth year, and he loved me, too.\" \"What happened?\" \"It's not important.\" Lindsay looked Ron in the eye, and could tell he wasn't convinced. \"My life hasn't always been partying and making five hundred dollars a night. There's a lot of shit that's happened in my life, and most of them only my best friend in the world know, and that's Caitlin. She helped me with a lot of stuff that I went through; things I hope no one ever has to experience.\" There was a long pause before Lindsay continued. \"So, tell me more about your family.\" \"My oldest brother, Bill, works for Gringotts in Egypt. Bill's really cool. He's sort of a rebel. Mum's constantly trying to get Bill to let her cut his hair. He's really smart, too. Then there's Charlie. Charlie works with dragons. Charlie loves life, and is always trying to make the best of things, and he's always there when you need him. During our first year at Hogwarts, our friend Hagrid had a Norwegian Ridgeback. Charlie took the dragon for us to keep Hagrid out of trouble. After Charlie is Percy. Percy's a workaholic. He's been working for the ministry practically since the day he graduated from Hogwarts. He's engaged to his Hogwarts girlfriend, Penelope. He's also got a great shot at becoming the next Minister of Magic. Next we have the twins, Fred and George. They're the crazy one's of the family. They love to pull pranks, and they do everything together. There's really no point in talking about them individually really. They're a lot like Charlie; they love life. They're trying to get their joke shop off the ground. I'm after Fred and George, and after me is my only sister, Ginny. She's brilliant. She learned so much at Hogwarts and took in everything. She loves learning. She's the Charms professor at Hogwarts now; the youngest professor at Hogwarts ever. My family was very poor when I was younger, but we're doing a lot better now.\" Lindz smiled at Ron. \"Your family sounds amazing.\" \"They are. Thank you,\" Ron replied. \"What about your family?\" \"Caitlin is my family.\" Ron looked confused. \"You're related?\" \"No, but she's my family; like Harry's part of your family,\" Lindz replied, rubbing her right arm. \"I'll explain more once I fall in love with you, Red. I promise.\" Ron rolled his eyes. \"Thanks.\" Harry and Hermione joined them a little later, and the four of them talked about a lot of different things, but not like the conversation Ron and Lindsay had had. They shopped in LoPresti Lane for a little while longer, and then headed back to Caitlin's Corner. \"You three are welcome to stay with us,\" Caitlin said. \"It'll be a hell of a lot cheaper and more comfortable.\" \"Really? That would be great! Thank you!\" Hermione said, delighted. \"Oh. no problem. I'll take you upstairs and show you around once you pick up your stuff from the hotel,\" Caitlin said. She then turned to Lindsay. \"You need to get ready for work. Lil came in today and made me promise that I wouldn't let you be late.\" Lindz nodded. \"Thanks , Cait. Hey, why don't your four come by the bar later? I'll tell Lou, and you won't have to wait in line.\" \"Sure,\" Harry said quickly in unison with Ron. \"Great. I'll see you guys later then,\" Lindz said, then went to the apartment above the store. \"So, I'll close the store and go with you to your hotel,\" Caitlin said. \"How will people get in and out of LoPresti Lane if you close the store?\" Harry questioned. \"I put this charm around the merchandise and resister so that nothing can be taken, and I give a designated path to get from the front door to the entrance to LoPresti Lane. And there's Floo Powder, too, of course,\" Caitlin answered. She then took out her wand and muttered a few spells before she left the store. After everything had been brought to the apartment and everyone had changed, they headed to Coyote Ugly to meet up with Lindsay. \"Why hello, Lou!\" Caitlin greeted Lou as if she hadn't seen him in years. \"Hi Caitlin. Lindz said you and three others would show up. Go on in.\" \"Thank you, Lou!\" Caitlin led Harry, Ron, and Hermione through the crowd of people. Lindsay was leaning on one side of the Jukebox, and Cammie was on the other side. \"Who's the next victim?!\" Zoe screamed. A man jumped on top of the bar, and told Zoe his name. \"All right everyone. Welcome Marcus! He thinks he's got what it takes. Okay, Lindz! Cammie! Give the man some music!\" Cammie and Lindz talked quickly, and then Lindz played the song \"Cowboy\" by Kid Rock. \"What's going on?\" Ron asked. \"You guys ask too many questions,\" Caitlin replied. \"Anyway, there doing this talent contest /auction sorta thing. What the guy or gal does is show off some sort of talent, and then if Zoe and Rachel consider the guy to be cool enough, he's auctioned off to the people in the bar.\" Rachel was pushing Marcus off the bar when they looked back up. \"What the hell was that?! No one tap dances on this bar with me here! Come on, who's next?!\" Ron looked at Harry. \"Do I have a talent?\" \"I don't believe so.\" \"Damn.\" \"I can make you good at Bottle Twirling,\" Hermione cut in. \"Huh?\" Ron asked confused. \"Bottle Twirling. You remember. It's what Rachel was doing last night.\" Ron still didn't understand, and he continued to look at Hermione confused. \"Just go behind the bar and I will take care of it,\" Hermione ordered. \"All right.\" Ron made his way up to the bar, and Hermione disappeared into a dark corner with Harry. Caitlin went over to Lindz. \"Ah! Red! Come to show off your drinking skills?\" Rachel laughed. \"I'm not sure what I'm doing,\" Ron answered honestly as he jumped behind the bar. \"Whatever,\" Zoe said, overhearing them talking. She turned to everyone in the bar and introduced \"Now we have Ron! Maybe he'll fail, too!\" Ron stared at Zoe angrily. \"Thanks for the confidence booster.\" \"No problem. Cammie! Lindz!\" The song \"She Hates Me\" by Puddle of Mud started, and Ron felt some sort of spark hit him. His hands went automatically for bottles under the bar. He started twirling them and doing tricks effortlessly. Rachel, standing next to him and feeling threatened, picked up bottles and showed off her best. Another spark went through Ron, and his tricks got even more amazing. Rachel started to go faster, but Ron was still better. Zoe stopped them and brought Ron on top of the bar. Zoe covered her mic with her hand and said to Ron, \"How the hell did you do that?\" \"I have no idea,\" he replied, looking as astonished as Zoe. Zoe shook her head and removed her hand from the mic. \"Okay! Looks like we've finally got someone to auction off! Let's start at one hundred dollars!\" \"$100!\" \"$200!\" \"$250!\" \"$350!\" Ron felt very pleased with himself. The bids continued to seven hundred dollars before... \"ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS!\" Lindz screamed. Half the bar turned to her; they all looked amazed and confused, especially Zoe, Rachel, Cammie, Harry, and Hermione. But no one looked as bewildered as Ron and Caitlin. \"Excuse me?\" Zoe questioned. \"You heard me. One thousand dollars,\" Lindz repeated. \"Going one, going twice. Sold to Lindsay Robinson!\" \"One thousand dollars?! Are you mad?!\" Caitlin scolded Lindz. Lindz just smiled. \"I had a lot of fun with him today, and he didn't ask too many questions.\" \"Are we talking about the same Ron? Because all he did was ask questions.\" \"Well, he didn't ask me too many questions when I didn't tell him certain things,\" Lindz said. \"I'm not letting him go.\" Caitlin looked unsure. \"Lindsay, I don' think you'll-\" \"Caitlin,\" Lindsay interrupted, \"I really like him, and I trust myself around him. I don't think he'll freak out if I tell him.\" Caitlin grabbed Lindsay by her shoulders and looked her in the eye. \"Don't tell him! Lindsay, please don't tell him! You'll get screwed again! I don't wanting anyone hurting you again.\" Lindsay hugged Caitlin. \"thanks for caring. I know this is totally crazy and corny since I just met him yesterday, but there's just something about him that I really, really like.\" Caitlin sighed. \"All right, but be careful.\" \"I will,\" Lindz replied. \"I've got to get back to work. Oh, buy the way, can I borrow five hundred bucks?\" Okay, so this chapter comes to an end. There was so much stuff I wanted to say in this chapter but I couldn't!! Just remember the conversation between Ron and Lindz. Again, if you have questions about anything I've written (like you don't get something that's probably an inside joke), just e-mail me at and I'll happily explain. Well, I need to get some sleep. TTYL peeps! Lots o Love, Lindsay Robinson[Chapter 6] Chapter Six: Fatherly Issues Disclaimer: Again, I own Lindz and Caitlin... which is kinda funny. You hear that Caitlin?! I OWN YOU!! Mwhahahaha!!!! Wow..... anyway... I'm truly sorry it's taking so long to update. I have so much going on with school, and even though it's the summer, I'm still in school because I joined my school Academic Decathlon team and now I'm blabbling so I'll stop. Hope you like it! The Coyotes sat at the empty bar with Ron, Hermione, and Harry. The only sounds were the juke box and the sound of money being counted. \"God, I love this job!\" Rachel said while slowly counting her money. \"So, where did Caitlin go?\" Lindz asked. \"She went back to the apartment,\" Ron answered, half asleep with his head on the bar. \"Doesn't sound like a bad idea to me,\" Harry said. \"I think I'm going to go.\" \"I'll go with you,\" Hermione said. \"I'll meet up with you guys later,\" Ron said as everyone said goodbye to them. \"Yeah, sleep sounds really good to me. I'll see ya later, Lil,\" Zoe said. Rachel and Cammie left with Zoe. \"Do you mind closing up for me, Lindz?\" Lil asked. \"Yeah, no problem.\" Lil tossed the keys to Lindz. \"See ya later, Red.\" Lindz and Ron were now alone. \"So, you owe me a date, Mr. Weasley,\" Lindz said, walking behind the bar and putting bottles away. Ron looked surprised. \"You seriously want a date? With me?\" \"I didn't spend $1,000 for nothing. We're going out.\" \"Why would you want to go out with me?\" Lindz smiled. She threw away some empty beer bottles and took a seat next to Ron. She looked him in the eye and smiled. \"Because I trust myself around you. And you're a fun guy.\" Ron smiled, and Lindz got back to cleaning. \"Oh, and the fact that you're hot is a plus.\" Ron went red. \"And why do you trust yourself around me?\" \"I dunno. I can't explain it. There's just something about you. Some intangible quality that... I dunno, lets me trust myself around you. And it also let me trust you around me. I never really get that feeling around guys.\" \"Have you been with enough guys to make that statement?\" \"Unfortunately..... I have. I've dated all kinds of guys. Sorry to break it to ya, but you're not my first wizard Brit,\" Lindz smirked. \"You said you went to Hogwarts, right?\" \"Yes.\" \"Do you know a Seamus Finnigian?\" \"He's a really good friend of mine! Seamus never mentioned you.\" \"It was sort of a fling. I met him here.\" \"I thought you just started working here.\" \"Officially I have. However, I've been coming to this bar since I was sixteen. And if one of the girls got sick, Lil would ask me to fill in. Anyway... um... there was this one guy I dated not to long ago that went to Hogwarts. He was really hot in a 'I'm-evil-and-mysterious' way.\" \"Merlin, please don't tell me he's who I think he is,\" Ron muttered. \"Huh?\" \"Nothing. What was his name?\" \"Draco Malfoy,\" Lindz casually replied while picking up a new bottle of Vodka. \"MALFOY?!\" Ron hollered. The sudden outburst caused Lindz to drop the bottle. \"Damn it, Ron! Lil is gunna kill me! That was a new bottle! Now there's glass everywhere!\" \"Why the hell did you go out with Malfoy?!\" Ron yelled, ignoring Lindz. \"Don't yell at me like that!\" Lindz snapped back. \"Sorry,\" Ron replied. \"It's alright. But yes, I went out with Draco. Why, do you know him?\" \"Why would you go out with that low life son of a bitch?!\" Ron hollered yet again. \"I told you not to yell at me like that!\" Lindz yelled. Ron took a deep breath. \"Sorry.\" He took another second to calm down. \"I just really, really don't like that dolt. Harry, Hermione, and I have been rivals with him since First Year. He is the lowest person I know. Why did you go out with him?\" \"I dunno... he just seemed like... a really cool guy. He turned out to be a lying asshole... just like his and my goddamn fath-\" Lindz stopped what she was saying abruptly. She started at a confused Ron, shocked she had said so much. \"Ug... forget that last part... I shouldn't have let that last part slip. Sorry. Just don't repeat it.\" \"Don't worry, I won't. I swear,\" Ron said reassuringly, looking her directly in the eyes. Lindz smiled and nodded. \"I trust you.\" \"But, if you don't mind me asking, what's the deal with your father? This is the second time you've mentioned him.\" Lindz grabbed two beers from behind the bar. She opened them, handed one to Ron, and sat on the bar stool next to him. \"My mom died when I was one, so it was just my dad and me. He was always kind to me whenever it was just him and me, but if one of his 'co-workers' came over, he was a complete asshole. I was locked in my room and wasn't allowed to do anything till he let me out. He put a spell on all the stuff in my room, so if I played with anything I'd get hurt and he'd know what I did. So, when I was eleven, I got my letter from Morgana's. The letter had the list of things I needed and my father refused to take me to LoPresti Lane. I was ready to go by myself, but I had never really been out of the house, let alone to LoPresti Lane. This was about the time where he decided there were only two other people he hated more than me, and he never mentioned who they were. I eventually convinced my neighbor to take me to LoPresti Lane. I could never talk to my father while I was at school because he suddenly was always working. Every summer I'd beg for my Headmistress to not make me go home, but she always said it was my father's choice, not hers. When I did come home, I'd be forced to stay locked up in my room. I wasn't allowed to owl any friends or anything. I was an overachiever at school because all I could do at home was study and listen to my music. My father officially became a full-time asshole once I started school. The only good that really came from that whole experience was I got really into music.\" \"So where's you're father now?\" \"Oh, the bastard died when I was seventeen.\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be. My life is so much better without him.\" Ron smiled, not knowing what to say. Lindz suddenly started laughing. \"Damn, look at me! I've know you for two days and you already know more about me than some of my best friends. Damn you and how trustable you seem!\" \"Um... thanks?\" Ron replied unsure. He then looked around the messy bar. \"I'd better clean this place up.\" Lindz hopped down from her stool and resumed throwing away empty beer bottles. Ron's eyes followed her around the empty floor. Wow, he thought, she's amazing. All this crap she gone through... and she still is that cool. \"Red! Are you gunna help me clean or stare at me all night?\" Lindz hollered, breaking Ron's trance. \"Oh! Yeah... sorry.\" Ron sprang off the stool and started picking up beer bottles and other odd things. Lindz and Ron spent two hours cleaning Coyote Ugly, talking about random things... most involving things that had happened when they were in school. After they had finished cleaning, they sat down at the bar and talked some more. A little later, Lindz looked at her watch. \"Holy shit!! It's 5:00 am! Caitlin's gunna KILL me!\" Lindz jumped off the stool and ran to get her hoodie and messenger bag from the back room. Ron looked confused as he put his jacket on. \"Why is she going to kill you? Did you do something wrong?\" \"Because I have band practice at 8:00 am, and I normally need twelve hours of sleep,\" she yelled from the back room over the sound of many things falling. \"Shit!\" \"You're in a band, too?\" \"You were here my first night. Lil said I was in a band,\" she replied as she dashed from the backroom to the front door. \"Come on, Red! Get outside now or I'm locking you in! And don't think I won't!\" Ron jumped off the stool and ran out the door. \"Lil said you were in a band,\" Ron panted after he made it out the door. \"Yeah, well, she also said I was a Catholic school girl, and Morgana's was no Catholic school.\" \"True.\" Lindz led Ron down the street to a near by parking lot. It was empty, except for a silver Vibe. \"Get in,\" Lindz ordered. They jumped in simultaneously. Lindz turned on the car and the song \"Way Away\" by Yellowcard started up about half way through the song. \"So, what's your band called?\" Ron hollered over the loud stereo. \"WHAT?! I CAN'T HEAR YOU! HOLD ON!\" Lindz yelled back while turning the volume down. \"What's your band called?\" Ron repeated, his ears ringing from the sudden change in volume. \"We're the Lost Minds. Kinda fits us.\" They drove for a little while longer in silence. Ron was listening to the CD and adoring everything he was seeing; Lindz's mind was running over a hundred different topics. \"Hey, Lindz?\" Ron said, breaking the silence. \"Yeah?\" \"How did you know who my father was?\" Lindz turned the CD off and kept driving without answering until she got to a red light. \"You're dad's a great guy, Ron. Never forget that.\" Ron looked confused. \"You didn't answer my question.\" Lindz turned to him and smiled. \"I know.\" Ta-Da! End of chapter six! And, amazingly, I've started writing chapter seven already. Yeah! You're going to meet more characters next chapter, and I'm aiming for Harry and Ron to be the main characters of this chapter. I also believe I'm going to call it either \"Secrets\" or \"Azoic\". I will honestly try to get this chapter up soon. If you'd like to ask a question or yell at me for being slow, my e-mail's now Much love to my beta-reader, Benji's niece! Adios! See you soon! Lindsay Robinson[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven: Burkholder Disclaimer: I own exactly zip. Well, zip plus everyone in The Lost Minds, Evan, and Brian. Who are Evan and Brian you ask? Well, bumbumbum! You'll have to read this chapter to figure that out (like you weren't about to do that anyway). I'm so happy that I've been writing this again, and I'm even happier that people are actually reviewing. Oh, btw, anyone who thinks they're right about certain things... you're not completely right. And please, if you have any ideas about what's going on and you must tell me, e- mail them to me at I don't mind you speaking in the reviews, but I'd prefer I get them in e-mails. Also, if I made any mistakes (which I probably did) PLEASE e-mail me so I can fix them (like if I contradict myself anywhere). Thanks to my beta-reader and Lauren who is making a picture for me that I plan to put online as soon as I get it! It's gunna be awesome! Thanks SO much for reading!! I love you!!! OH! And anything written in italics and bold like this is a memory. \"Lindz! Where the hell have you been?! It's 9:30!\" Caitlin hollered as Lindz and Ron walked into Lex (the bass player's) basement. \"I'm sorry,\" Lindz yawned, \"I overslept.\" Caitlin rolled her eyes. \"I woke you up at 7:15.\" \"I'm sorry, guys,\" Lindz said to her band mates as she plugged in her guitar. \"I was out late... again.\" \"It's no big deal,\" Lex replied as she played a bass riff over and over again. \"I'd still be asleep if Raven hadn't jumped on me while I was sleeping this morning.\" \"Where are Harry and Hermione?\" Lindz asked. \"They went for a walk,\" Raven (the drummer) replied. \"Who's the red head?\" \"Oh, this is Ron. Ron, that's Lex and Raven,\" Lindz said with a guitar pick in her mouth as she adjusted her FX pedal. \"When did they leave?\" Ron questioned. \"Only a minute or two ago. If you leave now I'm sure you'll catch up with them,\" Raven answered while showing off by twirling her drumsticks. \"Thanks. I'll be back later,\" Ron replied heading for the door. \"Red, be back here at 12:30 if you want a ride back,\" Lindz said. \"Right.\" Ron walked out of the house and ran towards Harry and Hermione. \"Harry! Hermione! Wait!\" \"Hi, Ron. Where were you all night?\" Harry asked. \"At the bar... with Lindz,\" Ron replied nonchalantly. \"Really,\" Harry smirked, \"and what did you two do all night?\" \"Cleaned and talked.\" Harry's smirk fell. \"That's all?\" \"Yeah, we just... talked.\" \"Did you enjoy you talk?\" Hermione asked while looking at her watch. \"Yeah, I did actually.\" \"Well, that's nice. I've got to go now. I'll meet you guys at the apartment later.\" Ron looked at Hermione confused. \"Where the hell are you going off to?\" \"Hogwarts. I have my interview with Dumbledore for the History of Magic professor.\" \"Good luck,\" Harry said, giving Hermione a hug. Hermione nodded and Disapparated. \"Let's go back to the apartment,\" Ron suggested. Harry nodded in agreement and they walked the block back in silence. \"Do you have your wand with you?\" Harry asked, turning the doorknob and realizing it was locked. \"I left mine inside.\" \"Yeah,\" Ron replied. He placed his wand on the lock and said, \"Alohamora.\" The door then made a clicking sound. Ron turned the knob and they walked in. \"Wow, this place looks bigger with the light on.\" \"What?\" \"Lindz wouldn't turn the lights on when we came home last night. She didn't want to wake you and Hermione.\" Ron took a seat on the couch and looked around the apartment. It wasn't small, but it wasn't big either. In the living room was the couch Ron was sitting on, a coffee table, TV, a desk with a computer on it, and a buffet. The buffet had tons of pictures on it and a book that was covered in brown leather. The book had the letters L and R engraved on the cover. On the shelf underneath the coffee table were what appeared to be seven or eight photo albums. On top of the Plasma TV was a picture of the band. The wall had even more pictures, but was mostly covered in posters. There were posters of the bands Green Day, Linkin Park, The Used, and Yellowcard; a poster for the movie Resident Evil ; and posters for the musicals Ren t and Little Shop of Horrors . \"They have a nice place,\" Ron yelled to Harry, who had walked into the kitchen. \"I agree,\" Harry said, emerging with two Cokes. He handed Ron one. \"I really like all the pictures everywhere.\" \"You don't think they'll mind if we look through these albums, do you?\" Ron asked, taking out one of the albums. \"Do you think they'll even know?\" Harry replied taking out another one. Ron flipped through the pages looking at all the pictures of Lindz and her friends waving to him. She appeared to be the same age in all the pictures. Ron looked at the cover of the album and saw \"First Year\" written on it. \"Oh! She has one for each year at school. I've got first year.\" \"How do you know?\" \"It says on the cover.\" Harry looked at the cover of his album. \"Okay, then I'm looking at Fourth Year.\" Ron went back to looking through the pictures. A lot of them were pictures of the eleven year old versions of Lex, Lindz, Raven, and Caitlin. On the third page, there was a picture of Lindz with two boys that looked about her age. Both boys were a lot taller than her and were standing behind her. The taller boy had brown hair and was resting his elbow on top of Lindz's head.. The other boy also had brown hair and was standing next to the tall boy with his arms behind his back and a cheesy smile. The three of them wore navy blue robes with a gold M where a left breast pocket should've been. The majority of the pictures were of Lindz and the two boys. The last picture in the album was a picture of Lex, Lindz, Raven, Caitlin, and the two boys. Ron closed the album and put it back on the shelf. He then pulled out Second Year and started looking through it. It was basically the same as the First Year book, only it had a caption for every picture. Most of the captions seemed to be inside jokes, but eventually there'd be one simply saying who was in the picture. Ron eventually figured out that the shorter boy's name was Brian and the taller boy's name was Evan. Evan..., Ron thought, I've heard Lindz mention him before. The last picture in the Second Year album was of Lex, Lindz, Raven, Caitlin, Brian, and Evan. Ron put that album away and then pulled out the Third Year album. This album had more pictures of Lindz with random boys than the others did. They appeared to be her boyfriends. There were, of course, also pictures of the band and of Lindz, Evan, and Brian. The captions seemed to get dirtier, though. The last picture, again, was of Lex, Lindz, Raven, Caitlin, Brian, and Evan. Ron looked through the Fourth and Fifth Year albums and they pretty followed the same formula as the other albums. The Fifth Year album had a picture of Lindz, Evan, and Brian that Ron especially liked. Evan was standing behind Lindz and had his arms around her waist. Lindz looked like she couldn't have been happier and had her hands over his. Brain stood next to them with that familiar cheesy grin. However, the Sixth Year album was a little different. It was very small; only five or six pages as apposed to the thirty pages in the other one. Most of the pictures in this album were of Lindz and Evan. This album didn't have an ending like the others. It just stopped. This album only had captions on a few pictures as well. The Seventh Year album went back the normal formula, only Evan wasn't in any of the pictures. Lindz didn't seem to have the same smile either. Most of these pictures were of Lindz and Caitlin. And the last picture was of Lex, Raven, Caitlin, Lindz, and Brian. Lindz and Brian seemed sad. \"I wonder why her Sixth Year book is so small,\" Harry commented as he looked at the pictures. \"I swear I've heard her mention this Evan kid before,\" Ron said while looking at one picture of Evan and Lindz from Fifth Year. \"They look good together.\" Ron nodded in agreement. He handed the album to Harry and got up. He walked around living room, looking at the pictures that were scattered around. The best pictures were the ones that were framed. The buffet had pictures of Caitlin and Lindz with a lot of different people. There were two pictures next to the book in the center of the buffet; one on each side. The one on the left was of Caitlin and Lindz in front of the Coyote Ugly bar with all the Coyotes. The one of the right was of Lindz and Evan at a dance or some fancy party. They looked about sixteen. Ron took a special interest on the book in the center. Ron attempted to open it, but instead received an extremely painful shock. \"Bloody hell!\" Ron said, quickly pulling back his hand and shaking it in pain. \"What's wrong?\" \"The damn book bit me!\" \"I highly doubt it bit you, Ron.\" \"Well, it somehow hurt me!\" Harry got up and went over to the book. He too touched it and received the same shock. \"She must have some sort of spell on it.\" Ron leaned against the buffet and looked around the room, holding his injured hand. He looked over at the couch now covered in picture albums. He looked at the shelf below the coffee table and noticed another photo album. \"Looks like we missed one.\" Ron walked back to the couch and sat down. He picked up the album and looked through it. However, it wasn't full of pictures. Instead there were newspaper articles. \"What's all that?\" Harry asked. \"Newspaper clippings. Listen to these headlines. You-Know-Who Returns in London. Death Eaters Rise in America. Robinson Believed to be Connected with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Robinson Suspected Leader of Death Eater Return. Robinson Wanted By USMO. Robinson Sent To Azoic .\" \"What? Are these all about Lindz?\" Harry asked surprised. \"I don't believe so.\" Ron read through the articles for who they were talking about. \"No, they are about Egan Robinson. I'm assuming that's her father.\" \"Why? Has she mentioned him?\" \"A little, but I'm not going to repeat any details,\" Ron said as a read some of the articles. \"But she did tell me he died when she was seventeen.\" \"Apparently not. It says here he was sent to the wizard prison, Azoic. He's supposed to spend the rest of his life there. I'm sure it would've made the newspaper if he'd died while in prison.\" \"There are a lot of these clippings. He must've been really close to You- Know-Who.\" \"Probably the head of his American take over. I think they mention Lindz here. ' Robinson's daughter, who shall remain nameless, is currently in hiding. The United States Magical Organization (USMO) has suspicions that she may play some part in her fathers plot, so she's being kept for her own safety at an unknown location.' Could that be her?\" \"It could.\" Ron looked through all the clippings. All of them seemed to be about her father. However, there was one clipping in the back that didn't have her last name on it. It read: Sixteen Year Old Morgana's Student Murdered. The paper had tear stains all over it. \"Harry, look at this one.\" Harry took the article from Ron and read it aloud. \"' Sixteen year old Evan Burkholder was found murdered this past week at Morgana's Academy of Magic. Burkholder was in his Sixth Year at the school. His body was found by two students in a deserted classroom that is occasionally used for dueling classes. Burkholder's wand was found on the opposite side of the room and had been split in half. He had been deceased for approximately half an hour when his body was discovered by his classmates. There did appear to be a struggle of some sort, and Burkholder did perform some defensive spells. It is believed that Burkholder's wand was either split during this scuffle or had been split to destroy evidence of the defensive spells by the murderer. The USMO has confirmed that he was murdered by the Avada Kedavra curse. The USMO is looking into the possible murderers, but they believe right now that the infamous Death Eater Egan Robinson played some key role. The motive is currently unknown. Anyone with information on the current whereabouts of Robinson is urged to contact the USMO. Morgana's is holding a memorial service for Burkholder later this week and it's open to the public. Burkholder was third in his class and captain of his Quidditch Team. ' Wow, look at the picture. He's the same Evan that is in Lindz's pictures.\" \"Do you think her father really did it?\" \"Dunno. The Ministry here seems to think so. But if he did... can you imagine that? You're father killing one of your best friends.\" \"I can't honestly. If my memory serves me right, Lindz was in love with this guy. I think I remember her mentioning him when we were talking in LoPresti Lane.\" \"Hullo.\" Hermione suddenly appeared standing in front of the TV. \"Hi,\" Harry and Ron replied in unison, reading more of the articles. Hermione put her hands on her hips and made an angry face. \"That's all you have to say to me?\" \"Hi... Hermione,\" Ron said. Hermione made an angry grunt. \"How about, 'Hi, Hermione. How'd the interview go?' And I'm sure I'd reply, 'Fantastic! I got the job. Dumbledore was thrilled to see me. I start at the start of next year!' And then you'd say something like, 'That's great, Hermione! Let us congratulate you with a night in New York on us!' and I'd say-\" \"Does she realize that no one is listening to her?\" Ron whispered to Harry while Hermione continued to ramble. \"I don't believe so,\" Harry whispered back. \"'-that sounds great!' SO! Do you two have anything to say to me now?!\" Harry and Ron stared at her blankly. \"Do you feel better now?\" Harry asked. \"Yes.\" \"Well, that's great, Hermione!\" Harry laughed. He got up and gave Hermione a big hug. \"Let us congratulate you with a night in New York on us,\" Ron said in a monotone without looking up from the article. Hermione glared at Ron. \"So, what have you two been doing for the past two and a half hours?\" \"We found all these photo albums of Lindz when she was at school. And we found a bunch of articles about her father,\" Harry replied. \"And I got bit by a book,\" Ron added, still reading an article. \"What?\" Hermione asked puzzled. Ron pointed to where the book was. Hermione walked towards it. \"You two didn't touch it, did you?\" she asked. \"Yeah,\" Harry answered. \"Well, it has a defensive spell on it.\" \"We all ready know that,\" Ron replied. \"How do you know?\" \"There's a shimmer by the top right corner. That should pretty much tell you that you can't touch it. Did you guys not see it?\" \"Only someone like you would, Hermione,\" Ron replied, slightly annoyed. \"What's wrong with him?\" Hermione asked Harry quietly. \"I think he's a little bugged by an article we've read,\" Harry replied. He handed it to Hermione and let her read it. \"That's horrible,\" Hermione said stunned. \"It gets worse,\" Harry said as he reached for the Fifth Year album and turned to the picture of Lindz, Evan, and Brian that Ron liked. \"He was really good friends with Lindz.\" \"And her father killed him. That's absolutely horrifying.\" \"Her father was apparently the leader of the Death Eaters in America. Kinda like Voldemort's right hand man,\" Harry said. They looked over at Ron, who was apparently looking at an article. \"For some reason it's hit Ron hard,\" Harry whispered to Hermione. Hermione just looked over towards him pitifully. Ron wasn't really the article. He was busy putting two and two together. My life hasn't always been partying and making five hundred dollars a night. There's a lot of shit that's happened in my life, and most of them only my best friend in the world know, and that's Caitlin. She helped me with a lot of stuff that I went through, things I hope no one else ever has to experience. Ron remembered Lindz saying that when they were on LoPresti Lane. She must've been talking about everything with her father. That would be absolutely horrible. I can't imagine my father killing Harry or Hermione... I don't think I could handle that. He turned out to be a lying asshole... just like his and my goddamn fath- Okay, so obviously her father knows Lucius Malfoy. Maybe she dated Draco because she figured he'd feel the same as her since his father's a Death Eater as well. \"RON!!\" Harry and Hermione shouted in unison. \"WHAT?!\" Ron retorted, a little startled from losing his train of thought. \"Are you all right?\" Harry asked. \"You looked like you were in pain.\" \"I'm fine,\" he replied, \"I was just thinking -\" \"Oh, that explains it,\" Harry replied laughing. \"Let me finish. I'm trying to remember some things about Lindz. You're just making it a little difficult by cutting in.\" \"Harry, you're mentioned in this one. You-Know-Who Returns in London. They talk about the Tri-Wizard Tournament,\" Hermione pointed out. Ron felt a sudden wave of guilt. \"I don't think we should be going through her stuff. Let's go somewhere.\" Harry and Hermione nodded and helped put away all the albums. The three of them then locked the door and went for a walk back to Lex's. The could hear the music the second they turned the corner onto Lex's street. \"They sound really good,\" Harry commented. Ron went back to thinking. He knew that it was none of his business, but he really wanted to know what happened with Evan... particularly her father. Plus, it was still driving him mad that Lindz somehow knew his father. \"Ron, are you all right? You're being awfully quiet,\" Harry said. Ron sighed. \"Something's just bugging me.\" \"What is it?\" Hermione questioned. \"Lindz mentioned that she some how knew my father. I just can't figure out how she knows him. That's all.\" \"Well, why don't you two go out on that date tonight and talk about it?\" Harry suggested. \"No, I wouldn't want to bring it up then. I think I'll bring it up next time we're alone in her car.\" The rest of the walk was in silence. They arrived at Lex's just as they were finishing their last song. \"You guys sound really good,\" Ron said. \"Why thank you Mr. Weasley,\" Lindz said smiling. \"So, would you guys like to go do something?\" \"Well, I think I'm going to take Hermione out for a congratulations lunch,\" Harry said. \"Why, what'd you do?\" Lex asked Hermione. \"I got the job for History of Magic professor,\" Hermione said happily. \"Congrats!\" everyone in the band said. \"Well, do you want to do something then, Red?\" Lindz asked. \"Sure, I've got nothing else to do,\" Ron replied. Lindz smiled and nodded. \"Well, let's get something to eat and then go to LoPresti Lane.\" \"Sure.\" \"Anyone else wanna come?\" Lindz asked the band. \"Can't; gotta watch the store,\" Caitlin replied. \"I'm too tired,\" answered Lex. \"I'm already booked for the day,\" Raven replied, bouncing up and down on her stool, still spinning the drumsticks. \"Okay then,\" Lindz said, swinging her guitar bag onto her back, \"I'll see you all later.\" Ron and Lindz walked to her car and got in. Lindz started the car, and another song started on her stereo really loud. However, it wasn't a rock song... it seemed to be a song from a musical. \"What is this?\" Ron asked perplexed. \" Little Shop of Horrors ,\" she replied grinning. \"This song is called 'Suddenly Seymour'. I love this play.\" Ron leaned forward and turned down the volume. \"Can we talk for a minute?\" \"Sure,\" Lindz said, looking worried. \"What happened to Evan?\" Lindz took in a deep breath. \"Why do you want to know? Did you and Harry find the articles?\" \"Yeah. I'm sorry.\" \"It's all right. It's not like it's a big secret that he's dead.\" \"Well, will you tell me about him?\" \"What do you want to know?\" \"Who he was and how he died.\" Lindz took in another deep breath and pulled over to a near by parking lot. \"Well, Evan was my best friend until Sixth Year. I met him First Year after we got sorted in our common room. We were in the Platzar House. Anyway, he and I became friends immediately. He introduced me to his good friend Brian Turner. Anyway, I liked him from the second I met him. Evan and I got really close. He asked me out Fourth Year. I felt so safe in his arms... kinda like nothing could get to me, not You-Know-Who, not my father, no one. I was so happy in his arms, too. It was the happiest I've ever been. I was in love with this kid. When we were sixteen, we decided we were going to get married once we graduated. But that never happened. Word of Evan and me somehow got to my damn father. He didn't like the idea of someone taking up my time. He had some bigger plan for me that he never revealed. I don't think he liked the idea of me being happier than him, either. So, the bastard somehow snuck into school and found Evan and me making out in an empty classroom. I had never been so scared in my life. I saw my father and the rage in his eyes. It was absolutely terrifying. He tried to get me, but Evan stood in front of me and tried to protect me. Evan knew all the shit my father had done and how much I hated him. Evan held his own really well for a sixteen year old student facing an elite Death Eater, but my father was just too experienced.\" Lindz stopped for a second and took in another deep breath. \"My father used Avada Kedavra on him. The spell was so powerful it split his wand in half. I still can't get the image of the lifeless Evan in my arms out of my head. I mean, five minutes earlier, Evan and I had been talking about how we were going to spend the rest of our lives together. And then he was dead, and I couldn't do anything about it. I couldn't stop crying. I got so angry at my father that I just started attacking him. I don't even remember starting it. But he hit me with some curse and I blacked out. Then about a half an hour later I woke up to Brian violently shaking me. I woke up next to Evan. At that instant, I completely lost it. I plopped onto him and started bawling. I've never cried so much. Brian started screaming for help, and our Headmistress came. It was horrible being questioned by the USMO about what had happened.\" \"So you're father was sent to Azoic for this?\" \"Yeah.\" \"But didn't you tell me he died?\" \"The fucking bastard is fucking dead to me! He killed the one person I really loved right in front of my fucking eyes. He could be dying of cancer right now and his last wish could be to see me, and I wouldn't go. Words cannot describe how much I hate this man. I spent three months at school my Sixth Year because the USMO had to hide me so he wouldn't try to kill me, too. It took them ten fucking months to find that asshole. And I swear, if I ever see him again... I'll kill. I don't care if I rot in Azoic for it. He killed Evan, and I'll NEVER forgive him for that.\" Ron was silent. \"I'm sorry all of this happened to you.\" \"Me too.\" Well, end of chapter. I know I didn't call it what I thought I would, but the change was necessary. My friend Lauren has amazingly finished the picture in one day. So, that should be up soon. It's going to be a drawing of the picture Ron liked of Lindz, Evan, and Brian. I really hope you like this chapter. It was my favorite one to write. I'll start the next chapter ASAP. Question/Comments/Anything Else, e-mail me at Good night, and stay good, San Francisco (sorry, I loved Anchorman. Christina Applegate is my favorite actress). Jen[Chapter 8] ChapternEight: The Burrow Disclaimer:nWords cannot describe how sorry I am! I haven't updated in FOREVERn:insert cheesy \"Sandlot\" voice: This is not excuse, butnhere's what's been going in my life (because I'm sure you all care):nMy school won the Ohio Academic Decathlon competition, so we got tongo to Chicago for nationals! I had so much fun, and now wish I livednin Chicago. There's also been three plays done at my school this yearn(all of which I was in), and other stuff, but I don't feel likenrambling anymore. Wow, I really sound conceited. Anyway, oh yeah!nThis is the disclaimer. I own nothing! J.K. Rowling is my god, and Inam not worthy. Lil is amazing, too. Woo for me \"owning\"nLindsay, Caitlin, Lex, Raven, Evan, and Brain. Enjoy the extremelynbelated chapter eight. \"You alright?\"nRon asked while Lindz sat in the drivers seat with her eyes closed. \"Yeah, it'snjust... memories. I haven't thought about Evan lately, and that makesnme really angry. I swore I'd never forget him.\" \"Your photo albumsnwere cool. I wish I would've done the same thing while I was still innschool.\" \"It gave mensomething to do while I was trapped with my father during thensummers,\" Lindz replied while turning the car back on. Lindznthen gave a weak laugh and said, \"Aw man, I'd be married now.nDear god...\" Ron smiled. \"So,nwhere we going?\" \"Well, I'd likensome pizza bagels.\" \"What?\" Lindz looked at Ronnwith a stunned expression. \"You've NEVER had a pizza bagel?\" \"No.\" Lindz slammed on thenbreaks and made a U-turn in a place Ron guessed she shouldn't have.n\"We're going to get you pizza bagels.\" The day continued on.nRon had his first pizza bagel, and it was good. The two of them spentnthe rest of the day just hanging out in LoPresti Lane. The returnednto the apartment around ten o'clock at night. \"Hello?\"nLindz called out into the darkness as she opened the door. \"Looksnlike no one's home yet.\" \"It's stillnrelatively early.\" \"Ooh, big word fornRed. Wait, there's a note from Caitlin on the table. 'Lindz and Ron,nI took Hermione and Harry to go see Rent. Sorry I could for you, butnyou can listen to it and pretend to be there. Enjoy Calcutta! Love,nCaitlin.' Bitch didn't wait for us!\" Lindz laughed. \"Ohnwell, that just means we get to spend even more time alone.\" \"Exciting.\" There was a moment ofnawkward silence. \"Did you know that in every moment of awkwardnsilence, someone is thinking about Abe Lincoln?\" Lindz smirked. \"Who's AbenLincoln?\" Ron asked, a little confused. Lindz sighed. \"Nevernmind, you're British.\" \"No! I want tonunderstand!\" \"Okay, Abe Lincolnnonce the president of the United States of America. I like to breaknmoments of awkward moments of silence with the fact that someone isnalways thinking about him during an awkward moment of silence. Watch,nnext time you're caught in one of those moments, BAM! Abe Lincoln.\" Ron wasn't sure how tonreply to that, so he just laughed. \"I really enjoynhanging out with you, Ron. You're not constantly judging me.\" \"Okay?\" \"Well, when peoplenlearn my last name, they associate me with my father, and assume thatnI am or will be just as bad as he was.\" \"Will you pleasentell me how you know my father?\" Lindz shook her headnno. \"I'd love to, Ron, but I just can't. It's... complicated.\" \"But why?\"nRon asked, a little annoyed. \"Because I'm notnallowed to, Ron. All right. Now stop! If I was allowed to, I would'ventold you.\" \"Sorry, I didn'tnmean to make you angry. I'm just curious,\" Ron replied in ansympathetic tone. \"If I tell you...nthen my father would be able to find me. He put this curse on me,nthat once he found out where I was hiding sixth year, he'd be able tonfind me, no matter where I was.\" \"What?\" \"Okay, the lastntime I saw my father was right before I was shipped off into hiding.nHe muttered a curse that once I said where I was to anyone, that henwould know where I was when I said it. So, if I were to tell younright now where I was, my father would know that I'm in mynapartment.\" \"But whatndifference would that make. He's in prison, isn't he?\" \"Yes, but did younunderstand anything I just said?\" \"Yeah, the curse.\" \"You didn't catchnon to a single thing I told you... did you?\" Ron replied with anconfused look. \"Never mind,nRed... never mind.\" Ron got up and went tonthe room he was in for a minute. He felt like he had missed somethingnbig that Lindz was trying to say. He didn't want Lindz to see thenembarrassment in his face, so went remained there till his face wasnno longer red. When he returned to the living room, he saw Lindznsitting on the floor, her back against the couch and he knees up. Onnher lap was her photo album from fifth year. She was looking at thenpicture Ron liked. \"You really missnhim, huh?\" \"More than I cannexplain.\" Ron sat next to her andnlooked at her book from seventh year. \"You just seem so much...nsadder this year.\" \"I had weirdnemotions that year. I was excited that I would never have to see mynfather again, but at the same time I had lost the love of my life andnI was leaving Morgana's. It was... difficult to deal with.\" Ron just nodded,nsensing that Lindz wanted to just talk. \"I was sondifferent that year. I went from my happy-go-lucky, loud self, tonvery secluded and suicidal. I felt like I could only talk to Brain,nbecause he was as close to Evan as I was. Brian was going through thensame thing I was going through.\" Lindz looked over to Ron, whonlistening to ever word she was saying. \"Damn it! I'm sorry, Ron,nit seems like when ever I talk to you, I go into this very depressingnmode.\" \"No, don't bensorry. I like listening to you; you're really interesting.\" Lindz went back tonlooking at the pictures. Ron could see the hurt in her eyes as shenlooked through all the pictures of her and Evan. She then suddenlynturned her head over to Ron. \"Thanks.\" Ron smiled, and kissednher. Once he realized what he was doing, he quickly pulled his headnaway. \"Bloody hell! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, I just-\" Lindz didn't let himnfinish his sentence. She pressed her lips up against his and enjoyednevery second. Two minutes later, \"Don't be sorry.\" Ron, atnthis point, was probably the reddest he's ever been. \"Like Insaid, I really enjoy being with you.\" Lindsay then laid her backnagainst his chest and kept looking at the picture books. Ron reallynliked her being so close to him. And he was glad he had finallynkissed her. \"The burrow.\" \"Hum?\" \"I was at thenburrow. They sent me to live with your family sixth year, well,nyou're parents. You and your siblings were at school.\" Ron looked stunned.n\"What? How... why did you end up at my house.\" \"Because of yourndad. His department does this kind of stuff, you know that Ron.\" \"Since when does anMuggle department deal with hiding people from you-know-who's bestnfriend?\" Lindz was a littlenconfused. \"You're father works for the Department of MagicallynSecret Issues. He's an undercover type of man.\" \"WHAT!\" \"You didn't know?\" \"NO!\" \"Sorry, I wouldn'tnhave said anything if I knew you didn't know.\" Ron was stunned. Allnthis time... everyone thought that his father had a good for nothingnjob... that he had no purpose working for the ministry. Instead, henworked for the most interesting department. The department evernwizard at some points wants to work in. And he never knew it. \"Younlived in my house?\" \"Pretty much mynentire sixth year. Your mother was my... I guess you could call hernmy tutor. The only reason I wasn't held back a year was because ofnher. Your family's been so great to me.\" Once the shock of Lindznliving in his house left him, he thought of something else. \"Whatnabout your father? You just told me where you were.\" \"Well, he is innAzoic, and I have no idea why I was so scared that he'd somehow findnhim, him being locked up and all. Besides, I feel safe now.\" \"Why?\" \"Wow, Red. Younreally are stupider than you look. I feel safe 'cause I'm with you.\" Lindz went to kiss Ronnagain, but was interrupted by Caitlin storming into the apartment.n\"Lindsay, pack your stuff. NOW.\" \"Why?\" shenasked, standing up. \"What's wrong?\" \"You need to getnout of here. And go somewhere! Now!\" Caitlin said, grabbing ansuitcase and throwing some of Lindsay's things in it. \"Caitlin, what'snhappening? Why are you acting so crazy!\" Mr. Weasley walked intonthe apartment with Harry and Hermione close behind him. The three ofnthem looked very upset about something. \"Shit,\" wasnall Lindz said upon seeing him. OMG, I'm really sorrynthat I suck at writing. But, hey, I posted! Woo! Yeah, I'll try notnto make the next chapter drag on like this one did. But thank you sonmuch for reading this story! I will see you again at chapter ninen(hopefully very soon). Jen[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine: The Return to London So, I realize that it has been exactly 2 years and 5 months since I have posted a new chapter. I am so sorry that I suck at life. I'm not going to lie… I forgot. However, I now remember! And I plan to finish this! So I will be posting more frequently than ever two years. I am very sorry if you all hate me. And I know that Harry Potter is now over, but we're going to pretend that Half-Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows never happened. And if anyone finds a discrepancy between this chapter and a previous one, please let me know. Again, I only own the things J.K. Rowling did not create. Thanks for reading! \"Dad?\" Ron looked bewildered. \"What are you doing here?\" Mr. Weasley swept past Ron and grabbed Lindz by her forearm. \"What did you do?!\" he hollered with such harshness in his voice Ron had never heard. \"I really hope your not here for the reason I think you are,\" Lindz replied, trying to remain calm. \"You need to get out of here NOW.\" Any sense of calm in Lindz was slowly beginning to break down. She looked around her living at all of her things, at the suitcase Caitlin threw together for her, at Harry, Hermione, and Caitlin, and then finally at Ron. \"Can I take anything with me?\" \"No, we need to leave now!\" Before Lindz could say another word of protest, she and Mr. Weasley Disapparated. Ron stared at the space his father and Lindz were standing in seconds ago, trying to figure out what happened. Caitlin glared a Ron, trying extremely hard to not kill him. \"What did you do?\" \"Me?! Why do you assume I did something?!\" \"Lindz had finally, FINALLY started to move on, and then you fall from the sky and put her back into an emotional place that took her six years to emerge from! \" \"I didn't do anything! We were just talking, and then you lot just stormed in here!\" Caitlin's face fell. \"It is very important that you tell me exactly what you two were talking about.\" \"Her father.\" \"LEVICORPUS!\" Harry suddenly yelled, pointing his wand at a man rushing into the apartment. \"Petrificus Totalus!\" Hermione added. The sudden appearance and disappearance of his father, the sudden departure of a girl he had been kissing moments before, and now the sight of a strange man hanging upside down and stiff was too much for Ron. \"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE?! WHO THE HELL IS THAT?! AND WHERE THE FUCK DID MY FATHER TAKE LINDZ?!\" Caitlin circled the man who was hanging upside down. \"Bedivere. You know that you are not welcome here.\" Caitlin waved her wand and Bedivere regained control of his face. \"I couldn't wait to see you again Caitlin. It has been so long. Tell me, how have you and your dear friend young Robinson been?\" \"Cut the bullshit. How did you find her?\" \"The Taboo. It was clever for you to leave her trace at another location incase she were to slip, but I luckily saw you walking with those two and that Weasley prick, and I followed you.\" He shifted his evil gray eyes around the room and rested them on Harry. \"POTTER?!\" Caitlin punched Bedivere in the face and broke his nose. \"Why are you here?\" \"For the daughter.\" Blood was all over his face, but he appeared to be indifferent. \"It's her time to shine.\" \"That is not going to be happening.\" Bedivere's eyes filled with a lustful hate. \"It will happen. The Dark Lord has it in his plans. It is young Robinson's destiny. Egan will not allow for it to fail.\" Caitlin put the tip of her wand under Bedivere's chin. \"Tell that bastard that Lindz has nothing to do with him. Tell him that while he rotted his Azoic, his daughter lived an evil free, happy life, and will continue to do so through the day he dies in his miserable cell.\" A spark appeared in his eyes. \"How foolish you are. Egan is with the Dark Lord now. Egan has been out of Azoic for a day now, and the American magic-\" \"Then why did you come for Lindz and not him?\" Ron interjected. Everyone in the room, including Ron, seemed surprised that he spoke. \"It's of no importance to any of you why the Dark Lord and Egan do what they do.\" \"I'm taking you to Azoic right now.\" Caitlin took her wand and pressed it against his chest. \"Funny. It seems that my Lord has other plans.\" And with that, Bedivere was gone. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood perfectly still, not wanting to say anything to upset Caitlin. Caitlin walked over to the couch and sat down. Hiding her face in her hands, she said, \"Shit shit shit shit shit shit! I don't know what to do. This wasn't supposed to happen. We were so careful. I can't believe this is happening again.\" Hermione was unable to keep her curious nature contained any longer. \"What's happening? If You-Know-Who is involved, we can help.\" Caitlin took some deep breaths, and proceeded to tell Harry and Hermione the story that Ron had heard from Lindz earlier. Ron walked over to the window and stared at the city. Where did you take her, dad? What can I do to help? \"Do you have any idea where he would've taken her?\" Caitlin asked. \"Well he can't take her to the Burrow, they'll probably check there first,\" Hermione responded. \"They've probably evacuated the Burrow, actually.\" \"He's probably taken her somewhere secluded that they won't think of,\" Harry added. \"No, they'll think of that first,\" Ron said. \"Dad's smarter than that. He'll take her somewhere busy where she can blend in. He'll take her back to England, she's not really well known in the magically community there. At least I don't think she is, I've never heard of her. Hermione?\" \"No, I don't believe I have. I know the story of Egan Robinson, but nothing about Lindz.\" \"The USMO has done a very good job of keeping her story quiet,\" Caitlin added. \"They didn't want to create any panic or some kind of movement to kill Lindz. Anyone who actually knows her story knows how ridiculous the idea of her turning evil is. Even if she was a little bit tempted, she's never give in simply from the contempt she has for her father.\" Caitlin was very quiet. \"She doesn't deserve this at all.\" There was a long silence in the group. Caitlin sat on the couch, staring at the floor, silently crying. Ron stared out the window, unsure of what to do or say. Harry grabbed Hermione's arm and dragged her outside the door. \"What do you think is going on?\" he asked her. \"I don't know. Oh, I just don't want to believe anything Bedivere said. You-Know-Who's been quiet for so long… I was hoping this was over. We need to tell Dumbledore or someone in the Ministry. This can't happen.\" Harry grabbed Hermione's hand. \"I know, but we have to do something. I know that we hardly know Lindz, but Ron seems to be really stuck on her. And if Voldemort is involved, you know that one way or another we will be, too. And you saw the way Bedivere looked at me. I guarantee that once he got back and reported on Lindz he mentioned me. I can't imagine the reward he would've gotten for bringing in both Lindz and me.\" \"I don't want anything to happen to you, Harry.\" Hermione squeezed his hand. \"I don't want anything to happen to any of us. It's just… we've come close so many times to... I just don't want anything bad to happen.\" \"We've been able to get through things like this before. We can do it again. I don't think Ron will let us do nothing. I won't let us either. The sooner we get involved, the better our chances are anyway.\" Hermione nodded and led Harry back into the room. \"So what's the plan?\" Harry asked, taking a seat next to Caitlin. \"Well, I think this is going to be a long battle, so I've got some stuff I need to put in order before I head off to England for a while,\" Caitlin replied. \"I need to get someone to look after the shop, visit the bar, and get this place taken care of.\" \"I want to go to London as soon as I can,\" Ron said. \"I want to find my family, maybe I can figure out where Lindz is and whether or not we can see her. Do you want me to wait for you to get things figured out, or should I go now?\" \"You go back and find your family, Ron,\" Hermione said before Caitlin could respond. \"I'll stay here with Caitlin.\" \"I'll go with you, Ron,\" Harry said. \"Hermione we'll meet you at Fred and George's shop in Diagon Alley in two days.\" \"Okay, sounds good. See you then.\" Harry and Ron nodded, and then Disapparated. Thanks for reading! I get chapter ten up as soon as I can. Jen ","Summary":" Ron and the Coyote Chapter One: New York Disclaimer: I don't own Harry, Ron ::sadly::, Hermione, or"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Critters","Author":"KamikazePyro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3809946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CRITTERS 5: \"They're back.\" After destroying a farm in Kansas; after terrorizing a small town; after attacking an apartment building in Los Angeles; after blowing up a whole space station; a single egg floated in the vacuum of space. \"I think we found something, sir!\" a voice crackled over an intercom in space. \"What is it?\" a different voice said. \"Tell me now!\" \"Gee, I wonder what it could be!\" an astronaut excitedly exclaimed. \"I think it's an egg, dummy,\" someone responded sarcastically. A spaceship sent from NASA to retrieve information about their space-center hovered near the wreckage of an old satellite no longer needed. It was on a simple mission: find out what happened to the space-center that had mysteriously blown up. Inside the ship, six astronauts sat at a dinner table in a small room, while three others mended the controls. General Hawkins, the leader, sat at a control station watching the retrieval of the egg they had found floating in the distance of space. While inside the ship, the egg remained frozen in an incubation chamber. It was being specially cared for by the doctor on the ship. \"We're approaching the Saturn Quadrant, sir.\" Captain Mitchell stared out the window toward a large asteroid in the distance. It was unusual to see such a large asteroid near Saturn. \"Should we engage?\" \"No! We're going back to Earth now. I think our little find is enough to get at least three weeks off. Now, let's get this rust-bucket back home!\" General Hawkins exclaimed. He peered through the window at the egg that was just sitting there, motionless. \"Heading back to Earth!\" the captain said, pressing a yellow button. He whispered, \"I wonder what's in that egg. If it's something good, I could give it to my friend; he'll pay big bucks for it. I'll be rich before I'm forty!\" The spaceship turned around and headed towards Earth. Back on Earth, General Hawkins shouted, \"What!? We found this thing in space and you don't even care? I can't believe this! Man!\" \"General, please calm down. The reason is I know what's inside of it. And before you ask, you don't want to know.\" The chief in command sat at his desk tapping a pencil and sipping coffee. \"What is inside, sir?\" the general asked. His voice sounded shaky. \"You ever hear of a place called Grover's Bend?\" the chief asked. \"Yeah, the town that got attacked by aliens. So what?\" The chief pointed to the egg and pulled up his glasses. \"Oh,\" the general said with a loud gulp. \"So what do we do with it?\" The chief was silent for a moment, thinking. Then he said with a smile on his face, \"What do we do, you ask? Well, we destroy it tomorrow. We can't let it live!\" In the hall next to the chief's room, Captain Mitchell leaned against the door, hoping to hear what the general and the chief were discussing. He couldn't hear anything. The chief was a kind of man who liked his privacy; with sound proof doors and walls, barred windows, and a loaded 12-gauge shotgun in his closet for anyone who decided to mess with him when he's in a bad mood or try to rob him. It was 10:00 p.m., time for the chief to head home for the night; the perfect time for Captain Mitchell to sneak in and steal the egg from outer space. The chief left his office and walked down the hallway towards the parking lot. Captain Mitchell took a paper clip and picked the seven locks on the chief's door. When he got in, he looked for the egg and a few extra bucks. He looked all over the office but couldn't find the egg. He finally found a safe and knocked open the locks on the door; opening it and taking the egg. The egg was warm and slimy with bumps on it. It was in the shape of an oval and was brownish-green. He knew it was a big risk if he got caught, but if he got it to his friend, he'd be rich. He closed the safe door and rushed out of the office, forgetting to lock the door.[Chapter 2] The next morning, Captain Mitchell drove up his friend's driveway and walked up to the door. DING-DONG! The bell on the door rang loudly. \"Hello!\" the captain's friend opened the door with a big smile on his face and a milk mustache. \"What's up?\" \"Have I got something for you!\" Captain Mitchell said as he held the egg out in his hand. \"What is it?\" \"It's an egg from outer space!\" Mitchell said. \"Really?\" said his friend. \"Wait a minute, are you tricking me?\" \"Does this look like an egg from Earth?\" said Mitchell as he held the egg closer to his friend's face. His friend looked down at the egg closely and squinted. He looked at Mitchell, then at the egg, and then at Mitchell again. \"Well, my friend, looks like you just got yourself pretty rich,\" Michael, Captain Mitchell's friend, said excitedly. \"Great, when do I get the—\" Mitchell began as he was cut short. \"That is, of course, if it is a real egg from space,\" Michael interrupted, taking the egg from his friend. \"I'll take care of it until you figure out if it's really from space. Got it?\" \"Whatever,\" said Mitchell as he walked to his car and drove away. \"I'll be back later!\" Inside Michael's house, he put the egg on his kitchen table and rushed away to watch TV. The egg, sitting on table, began to bump around. It bumped until it started to crack open. The baby Critter cracked its egg open and crawled away towards the cupboards full of food. Michael returned to the kitchen ten minutes later. He looked for his peanut butter sandwich; shuffling through papers on his table, and throwing things off the counter. He moved to the table to look, but then he saw the egg, cracked open and green ooze dripping off the edge of the table. \"What the…?\" He looked at the egg with a disgusted look. He moved towards the ooze, poking it with his middle finger and smelling it. \"Holy crap! That is some terrible stench!!\" He washed off his finger and his hand. WRAARTHWRA! The cupboards rattled as something moved within them. Michael turned around and looked at the rattling cupboards. He grabbed a steak knife and moved forward, towards the cupboards. He got closer and closer until he was only a few feet away from the door. BAAAM!! The door flew open and a Critter jumped out and started biting Michael's neck. \"AAARRGG!!!\" Michael screamed and grunted as he tried to get the Critter off of his neck. He stabbed the Critter with his knife and slammed it into the cabinets. The Critter roared in pain and finally rolled away with smeared blood on its black fur. Michael fell to ground and crawled to the chair next to the table. He sat down, breathing heavily and covering his wound with a wash cloth. \"Man, what was that thing?\" he asked himself. He pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number. \"Hello, anyone there?\" \"Hello? This is Critter Park security. Who is this?\" someone answered on the other line. \"My name is Michael, and I seem to be having a big problem over at my house wi-with some creature that I got from a friend. I really need your help.\" \"What's your address?\" the security man answered. Michael exhaled deeply and said, \"Um, I live in Grover's Bend obviously, on Grover Road. I'm in Apartment 201, okay?\" \"Alright. We'll be right over, sir. Just stay calm and relax. And find a safe place to hide until we get there.\" The security man hung up. \"Okay, find a safe place. Okay, I can do that,\" Michael said with a soft voice. \"I know…the bathroom! Yeah.\" Michael got up and started walking towards the bathroom. Right before he got to the bathroom, he stopped and walked towards the living room. He looked around the room for a moment, and then kneeled down. Taped under his desk was a small pistol with three bullets. He grabbed the pistol and made his way towards the bathroom door. RARRAAR! Before he could reach the door, the Critter lashed at his stomach. He took out his pistol and shot at the Critter, but missed. The Critter kept chewing on his intestines until, finally, Michael fell to the ground. He pulled at the Critter's deep, black fur as he tried to get it off, but had no luck. He tried to grab the pistol but the pain was too much. His blood spilled out all over the floor. He grunted in pain when he finally realized that the Critter he stabbed earlier wasn't the same as the one attacking him now. The Critter attacking him now was smaller. There were two Critters now; the Critter he attacked earlier must have had an egg. The Critter began chewing deeper and deeper until Michael was finally dead, then rolled towards the door and broke right through it. Then the Critter that was attacked earlier rolled behind the other one, out the door.[Chapter 3] Later, back at NASA, the chief was furious. The egg was gone. \"What happened to it!!?\" the chief yelled. \"Who took it, who?\" \"Ahem. Chief, I think we might have found your egg, I mean what's left of it at least.\" A Critter Park security man stood at the doorway. He was wearing a dark blue coat with C.P. printed on it. \"You did? Well, where is it?\" At Michael's house, the chief and a bunch of Critter Park employees walked around, looking for the egg. What they found was Michael's dead corpse. \"Man, what happened to him?\" the chief asked. He looked closer at the body, and then spotted something. It was a tooth. \"Oh, no!\" The chief bent down and picked it up. \"What's that?\" an employee questioned. He squinted at it with suspicion. \"Look's like a tooth,\" the chief answered, studying it closely. \"Sir, we found the egg.\" Another employee entered the room and squinted at the tooth with suspicion. The chief, along with the employee, walked into the kitchen and saw the remains of the egg, ooze still dripping from the table. The chief picked up a piece of the egg and sniffed it. \"Whoa! That is some bad stuff, man!\" The chief pulled it away from his face and put it on the silver tray next to the counter. \"Boss, we found another egg!\" an employee shouted from in the basement. \"That's odd,\" said the chief. He had a concerned look on his face. \"What's odd?\" asked the security man. \"I only had one egg,\" replied the chief. \"Sir, a lady down the street said she saw two porcupine-like creatures tearing up her garbage.\" An employee ran in from the back door. \"All right, as of now, you are all working for me to find these things!\" the chief shouted so everyone could hear him. He snorted and then walked to the front door. The next day, the Critters rolled to a nearby daycare to nest and find food. As they rolled past the back door, a kid spotted one and started screaming for the teacher. The Critters had to find a place to hide, so they broke through a tiny window and landed in a basement – their favorite place. \"What's the matter?\" a teacher asked, picking up the kid. \"A-A Critter,\" he kid said, still crying. \"Aww. You probably saw a raccoon, honey. Let's go have a snack,\" said the teacher. In the basement, the Critters looked around and smiled. They started talking in alien language but stopped when they heard someone coming down the stairs. \"Hello?\" a teacher said, walking slowly. \"Anyone down here?\" She walked slowly as she approached the broken window. Then she started walking back towards the stairs when a Critter jumped out and startled her. \"Ahhhhh!\" she screamed with horror in her eyes. She couldn't move; she was too scared. \"What's the matter down here?\" the manager of the daycare ran down the stairs. \"Help me!\" yelled the teacher as she started crying softly. \"Somebody help down here!\" The Critter opened its mouth, with hundreds of razor-sharp teeth and sharp claws on both hands and feet. It roared and then rolled up into a ball and started rolling slowly towards the frozen teacher. Two more teachers came downstairs and a couple of kids followed. The teachers started to panic and the kids didn't know what to do. Then the other Critter, bigger and meaner, walked up behind the kids, trapping them in the basement; the kids were frightened. \"Hey, what's going on down here?\" a taller kid started walking down the stairs with two other big kids. \"What the heck?\" \"What the heck are those things?\" said Max, the third big kid. \"They're Critters,\" said Bruce, the second big kid. He stared at the Critters' deep, black fur and dark red eyes with rows of teeth in their mouths. \"Critters!\" Dick, the first big kid, said as he stepped forward. \"I thought they killed those thing years ago!\" The Critter snarled at the kids as it moved closer to them. Dick stepped back and said, \"This is what we talked about last year, remember? I'll stay here, you get the weapons.\" Bruce nodded and ran back upstairs along with Max. Upstairs, Bruce and Max shuffled through the toys until they found three big sticks with points at the end. \"Good, now let's kill some Critters!\" howled Max. He ran back to the stairs to see everyone still there; no one dead. Dick, Bruce, and Max all grabbed a stick and carefully started down the steps. The Critters snarled and growled as they got closer to the kids, like they were going to attack. Dick got to the bottom and walked to the other side of the basement without being attacked by the Critters. Max followed while Bruce stayed by the stairs in case the Critters tried to get away. Max slowly approached the Critter with his stick clutched tightly in his hand. He started to sweat and his palms were getting sweaty, too, as he got closer. He'd never actually seen a Critter besides at Critter Park, but those Critters were robotic. Dick stood calmly next to the wall, watching Max walk towards the Critter. The Critter snarled and opened its mouth wide, showing off its teeth. Bruce stood still—he was next to the bigger Critter, who stared at him with a sneaky look. \"Max, be careful. You don't want to get too close or it'll attack you,\" Dick said. \"Yeah, like it's not going to attack in a few seconds,\" Max replied. He stared at the Critter's eyes with a nervous look. He got closer until he was only a foot away from the Critter's dangerous mouth. Max could smell its breath from where he was standing. It was nasty! Max stood still, then took his spear and jabbed it at the Critter. The Critter dodged and roared at Max. It snarled again, and then rolled up. Long, black spines stuck up on its back. \"Max, watch out!\" yelled Dick as he stepped forward. The Critter shot a spine at Max and hit directly in his neck. Max yelled like he was just stung by six bees and fell on the ground. Dick rushed over to him and pulled out the spine. Max's skin was puffed out where the spine had been. Dick took his spear and whacked the Critter straight across the room! The other Critter was rolled up and ready to attack when Bruce hit it, knocking it a few feet away. Bruce stared at it as it started to get back up and yelled, \"Everyone, back upstairs!\" Dick grabbed Max and walked back up the stairs while Bruce stayed behind the group to guard from attack. The Critters growled and rolled away into an opening in the vents.[Chapter 4] Upstairs, Dick barricaded the basement door with the snack table and whatever else he could find while Bruce guarded the vents. Max, barely awake, watched out the window for the Critters. VROOMM!!! The lights, clocks, and TV's went out. And a minute later, the phones went out. The Critters had chewed their way through the electrical box downstairs. \"Darn those things!\" Dick said walking into the room. He sat on the floor next to a kid and crossed his arms. \"What are we going to do?\" asked the teacher holding a small child. \"I don't know yet,\" Bruce said. \"But the first thing we have to do is arm ourselves and set traps.\" Dick stood up and walked over to the basement door, then said, \"That won't hold them for long, especially if they have more Critters. And they can get in through the vents.\" \"Man, I feel so stupid,\" said a teacher standing up. \"What for?\" asked Bruce. \"Earlier this morning, a kid said he saw a Critter go past the back door,\" the teacher replied. \"I should've believed him, but I was too stupid to even go look to make sure.\" \"It's alright. You didn't know. None of us could've known until it was too late,\" Dick said, relieving the teacher. \"Anyway, we have to go set up traps. Who's going to help me?\" Dick and two older kids walked out of the room to set traps while everyone else stayed behind. A half an hour later, Dick and the two other kids returned. Bruce set his weapon down and walked over to Dick. \"So what kind of traps did you set?\" he asked, wanting to know. \"Deadly ones,\" Dick answered. \"I'm not going to show any mercy to them after what they did to Max.\" Max finally woke up and walked over to Dick and Bruce and said, \"So do you think we can kill these things?\" \"Maybe.\" Back at the chief's office, Critter Park security worked hard to find the Critters. \"Any luck yet?\" the chief said pacing back and said. \"Nope.\" \"Hey, let me see that tooth,\" said the chief taking out a microscope from his desk. \"What is it?\" asked the employee. \"It looks like we have ourselves a real, live Critter here,\" the chief said. Dick, Bruce, and Max grabbed their sticks and looked at the basement door. \"Ready?\" questioned Dick. He wanted to kill the Critters so badly. \"Bruce, stay up here and guard. Max, you come with me!\" \"Alright! I'm going to kick some Critter butt!\" Max said cheerfully. \"Bruce doesn't get to go! Haha!\" \"Don't make me shove this stick up—\" Bruce began. \"That's enough fooling around! We have to kill these things now, or we might not get another chance!\" Dick said. He took down the table and the other things he had used and slowly opened the door. \"Wait, why should you guys go?\" asked one of the kids. \"It's not fair!\" \"We've studied these things,\" Dick said. \"We know what they're doing down there.\" \"And besides, I don't think you would want to go down there by yourself, right?\" Bruce added. \"Yeah, kid, you wouldn't want to go down there all alone. Stay up here,\" said Max, grabbing the child's hand. \"Okay,\" the kid said, sighing. Dick and Max started down the stairs with a determined look. They carefully went down one step at a time, watching the vents as they went by. \"Okay, Max, this is it,\" Dick said. \"We have to find the backup generator and turn it on.\" \"Cool.\" Dick stepped lightly to the floor and looked for the Critters. Max followed behind with light feet, too. As they turned around the corner, they saw the electrical box, all chewed up, wires zigzagged. There was no sign of the Critters anywhere. Max stepped forward, but as he did, he made a loud crunching noise that echoed. \"What was that?\" Dick asked. \"How should I know?\" As they got closer to backup generator, it seemed as if something was watching them. They peered through a glass covering with the backup generator behind it. Max saw the glass door, and next to it were two levers – red and blue. \"Which one do I pull?\" Max asked frustrated. Dick didn't answer. He was standing, turned the other way, just watching. He moved a step forward, then said, \"Max, pull the blue one.\" \"What's the matter?\" Max questioned, confused. He looked around, but didn't see anything. \"Around the corner, the Critters are waiting for us.\" \"How do you know that?\" Dick grinned and said, \"Pull the blue one and run like you've never run before.\" \"What do mean? What are you going to do?\" \"Just do it!!\" Dick yelled. Max stepped back and turned around. He grabbed the blue lever and pulled it down as far as it would go. The lights went back on, but nothing else. \"Now what do I do?\" \"Now you run like crazy back up those stairs.\" Dick moved forward and clenched his stick tightly. Max moved slowly, and then ran as fast as he could up the stairs. The Critters were right around the corner, just like Dick said. They tried to attack Max, but he was too fast. Dick moved around the corner and saw the Critters still looking up the stairs. He moved closer until he could almost hear them breathing. \"Hey, you!\" Dick exclaimed. The Critters turned around and snarled at Dick. Their red eyes seemed brighter than before when they attacked. Then Dick knew that they were different. The Critters from before had more eggs. That meant that while he was dealing with the Critters in front of him, the ones from before could attack anytime they wanted. Dick didn't have a choice now; he was trapped in the basement with two Critters by the door and two more somewhere else. \"Max, what happened?\" Bruce asked. \"Where's Dick?\" \"He's still down there,\" Max replied, panting. \"He said he'd take care of them.\" \"Dick, you idiot! You know you can't kill them by yourself!\" \"Come and get me!\" Dick shouted as he ran forward to the critters.[Chapter 5] The Critters smiled and rolled at Dick. Dick and the Critters attacked each other as if it were a war. \"Now, you die!!\" hollered Dick as he slashed at the Critters. He whacked one Critter and stabbed the other. The Critters started speaking their own language and rolled into a ball. Their spines stuck up as they moved closer to Dick. They spun around in circles until sparks raged under them. Dick breathed heavily as the Critters spun around in circles. While he was hitting one of the Critters, the other one slashed his arm and his side near his ribs. \"Man, what are they doing?\" he asked himself. The Critters spun around in a circle once more, then charged at Dick, sparks still flying. Dick fell to his knees and dropped his stick. He was going to except his consequence for taking on two Critters at once. As the Critters flew closer to Dick, they opened their mouths wide. \"Dick, don't do it!!\" Max shouted as he jumped down the steps. BOOOM!! The wall to the other side of the daycare blew open with lights flashing. A tall, short-haired girl walked into the basement with a machete hanging by her leg and a big gun that no one had ever seen before. She looked around with an emotionless look, and then looked down at the Critters recovering from the blast. \"Who are you?\" requested Max. \"That's not important,\" she answered. \"But what is important is destroying the Krites.\" \"The Krites?\" Max asked. His face looked puzzled for a moment, then surprised. \"The Krites,\" she demanded. Her face still looked without emotion as she started her way towards Max. The Critters looked up at the girl and said, \"Uh oh!\" They rolled up into a single ball and spun away through the vent opening. \"Once again, who are you?\" said Max. \"The Krites,\" she demanded again. \"I'm here to kill the Krites.\" BOOO!! BOOO!! BOOO!! A small remote on the girl's belt lit up with a red light. She immediately removed the remote and pressed the button, releasing a light blue light. \"Ah, Katie, so you made it to Earth?\" A person's head appeared in the light. \"Yeah. And you were right, the Krites did escape.\" \"So, your name is Katie?\" Dick said as he got up. \"Well, I see you've met your new partners,\" the man said. \"We're not her partners. We don't even know you,\" Bruce said. \"You must kill these Krites right away.\" \"What's so special about this batch, Commander?\" She asked. The man was silent, and then said, \"These Krites are special because they are smart. Smarter than we had anticipated when we captured them. They broke free from the prison and hijacked the best ship we had. If only we had been more careful, we could have prevented this from happening. They're even smarter than you. They know all of your tricks and what you're going to do next. You have to kill them before they kill you! I wish you good luck on your mission. I'll see you later.\" \"Wait, what did you mean when you said they were smarter than me?\" Katie asked. But it was too late; the commander had disappeared from the light. \"Whoa, that was weird!\" said a kid. Dick walked over, picked up his stick, and said, \"You heard what that guy said. We have to kill these things right away.\" Bruce walked over to Katie and asked, \"So where do you come from? Earth?\" \"I'm not an alien. I was born on Earth, but my mother died,\" Katie explained. \"And my father was killed by the Krites two years later. After that, I went to NASA and snuck into a space pod to the Saturn Quadrant. When I landed there, there was another ship a couple yards away. I didn't know what to do, so I climbed aboard and looked to see if there were people onboard. It turns out that there were three Krites on the ship that were captured, and were being taken to a prison nearby.\" \"So what happened next?\" Max asked. \"I'll tell you later,\" Katie said. She walked over to the broken vent and peered into the dark, square space. RRRAAWW!! A Critter popped out, jumped at Katie, and started to chew on her belt. Katie grunted as she tried to get it off. Dick, Max, and Bruce rushed over and started to tug at its fur, when it shot a spine at Dick. The spine hit Dick right in the arm and Dick fell on one knee. He pulled it out right away, but as he did, two more Critters shot out of the vent. Katie pulled out her machete and hit the Critter's nose. The Critter roared in pain and let go of her belt. It rolled back into the vent with blood on its snout. Dick crawled back cautiously as the other two Critters growled at him. \"Man, these things are annoying!\" Max scowled. He took his stick and whacked one of the Critters in the back of the head. It flew into a wall and rolled into the vent as the other followed. \"Those must be the smart ones,\" Dick said getting up. Katie looked at her belt. It was all chewed up. The communicator was fried and the electric bullets were all bent up. \"We can't protect ourselves. I mean, we're totally defenseless.\" Bruce sighed. His hand pressed against his cheek hard. \"I know what you mean. Even the traps I set won't hold them for long,\" added Dick. \"We have no guns, no food, and even Katie's big gun can't help us. I guess they really are smart.\" \"Okay, everyone, back upstairs! There's nothing to see here,\" Dick said. He looked at the vent and sighed. \"Katie, you and Max go upstairs and watch the vents. Bruce and I will follow the Critters in the vent.\" \"Fine, but there's something you should know,\" Katie said, looking at her necklace. \"They'll go for your face, your neck, and your stomach.\" Dick grinned and said, \"I'll be fine. Besides, I have my right-hand man to back me up.\" Bruce grinned slightly and started off to the vent. Dick followed him in. Dick and Bruce both felt the cold, wet, floor beneath their hands. Bruce stopped and took something out from his pocket. \"What's that?\" Dick asked. \"A flare.\" Down in NASA's lab, the chief and the best scientists were working on figuring out whether the tooth belonged to a real Critter or not. The scientist squinted in his microscope as he saw tiny bacteria on the tooth. The chief paced back and forth and mumbled, \"It's here; it's gonna eat all of us!\" \"Chief, please stay calm. Now we don't even really know if it's a real Critter,\" said one of the scientists sitting on a stool next to the table. He had a long, bushy mustache with gray hair greased back. His coffee cup steamed with the smell of freshly brewed coffee in the morning. \"You know straight up that this tooth belongs to a Critter! You just don't want to admit it until it's too late! I know how it works. The authorities never believe you until it's all over!\" yelled the chief furiously. \"We're done with the test, sir. And I don't think you'll be surprised.\" A scientist walked into the room with a clipboard and a few papers in his hand. The chief stared at the other scientist, then walked over and snatched the papers from the man. He looked them over a couple times and snorted. His bright brown eyes seemed satisfied as he showed them to General Hawkins. General Hawkins had the same look in his eyes as he handed them back to the chief. General Hawkins finally announced, \"We have to kill this thing right away! And I think I know where to look.\" His face glared in the light as he smiled with satisfaction. \"Where?\" asked a scientist. \"About an hour or so ago, a lady—\" General Hawkins began. \"Never mind that. We have to get some serious fire power!\" the chief said. \"No, you don't,\" said a man walking into the lab. \"What we have to do is capture these things and study them.\" The chief glared at the tall man with suspicion and said, \"I don't think you get it. All these things do is eat and eat and eat and wreak havoc wherever they go!\" \"My name's Martin. I'm the head of security at Critter Park and I don't think you get it. You see, at Critter Park, we have robotic Critters. If we had some real Critters, we'd be able to study these amazing things. And not to mention, business would be booming,\" said the man opening a can of soda. \"Uh, I don't know. I mean, those things are dangerous. And where would you put them? That is, of course, if you even capture them.\" Martin looked at the tooth and explained, \"We have a special facility downtown. It has bullet-proof windows, security guards at every corner, constant surveillance, and 100 volt fences around the perimeter of the cage—we don't want the animals to die. There's no way those things can get out. And we have a special doctor that'll take care of them if they get hurt.\" The chief looked at his watch and snorted. \"Will I get paid?\" \"Any amount of money you want. That is, if we get the Critters safely to the facility,\" Martin said grinning. \"Okay, let's go find those things!\"[Chapter 6] Dick and Bruce sat in the vent with the flare in Bruce's hand. Bruce held it tight and ripped off the top, igniting the red flare with bright, red light. He held it up in the emptiness of the vent and started to move on. While in the vent, Dick could smell something foul. Bruce smelled it too. The smell was so agitating, Dick and Bruce almost turned back. But they urged themselves to keep going. Upstairs, Max and Katie watched the vents for the Critters. The kids and the teachers were sitting in a secluded area by the wall. Max chuckled and said, \"What are we doing? I mean, the Critters are probably doing something else. They don't care about us!\" \"Max, what's wrong with you?\" asked Katie. \"I'm not caring about the Critters! They don't care about us! I'm gonna get Dick and Bruce and tell them to come back up here,\" said Max smiling. BOOMMP!!! BBAAANNGGG!!!! The vents started rattling and the screws started to unscrew and fall on the floor. All of a sudden, the Critters jumped out. \"I guess I spoke too soon,\" Max said. \"Now what?\" asked the teacher. The Critters growled at Max and Katie as their eyes gleamed in the light. One of the Critters shot a spine at a small kid and knocked him unconscious. It shot another spine and hit another kid. The other Critters snarled at Max and started talking in alien language. Max asked, \"What does that mean?\" \"It means spread out!\" Katie said uneasily. The Critters began to spread out like Katie said. It didn't take long for one to hit Max with a spine. BOOMMP!!! BBBAAANNGG!!! The vents began to rattle again. Only this time, Critters didn't pop out, Dick and Bruce did. Katie smiled at Dick and said, \"I'm glad you're here. You came just in time.\" \"Well, if someone hadn't taken a right turn in the middle, we would've been here sooner!\" Dick said getting up from the fall. \"It's not my fault!\" said Bruce. \"You're the one who said to take a left at that intersection!\" \"Okay, we have to get everyone out of this area!\" said Dick. \"I have one last flare. Maybe if I throw it in the other direction, they'll follow it. Then we can get away and go to the attic,\" Bruce said, taking out his last flare. Dick looked at the flare and asked, \"Where did you get those flares anyway?\" \"Old man Frank's place. He's got buckets of them in his basement,\" Bruce answered lighting the flare. He threw it at the wall on the other side of the room and ran. Dick grabbed Max and one of the kids, and then ran with Bruce. Katie grabbed the other kid and ran alongside Dick. The other kids and the teachers started running after them. Bruce got to the attic door and kicked it open, allowing everyone to get to safety. \"I think we should be safe up here until someone comes to rescue us,\" Katie explained. \"I mean, someone's gotta be looking for us! Besides, my commander's probably sending backup right now.\" \"They're in there!\" yelled Marlin as he stood outside the door to the daycare that the Critters were terrorizing. He walked around the corner to the back door and noticed the broken window. The security men burst through the door and started yelled, \"Is anyone in here?\" The Critters began to snarl and growl as the security men came closer and closer. The security men peered through an opening in the vent, and then moved on. One of the security men moved ahead and saw the Critters. They were sitting there, just snarling and growling. \"Okay, just stay there. I'm gonna shoot you with a tranquillizer dart and take you to a facility downtown. Just stay there,\" one of men said, inching slowly to the critters. Marlin came in the room and said, \"Looks like you guys can take it from here. So I'm just gonna go upstairs and take a leak.\" BBOOMM!!! Three of the Critters were tranquillized. Then three more. Then three more. Then two more. All of the Critters were sound asleep. Marlin came back from the bathroom and looked surprised. \"I didn't think you'd get all of them! Wow!\" \"The specimens have been captured, caged, and are now being loaded into the truck, sir!\" said a man in a dark blue suit. \"Hello? Is there anyone out there?\" Dick asked coming out of the attic. \"Who are you?!\" asked Marlin in amazement. Dick, Bruce, and Katie emerged from the closet and all said, \"Thank you very much for saving us!\" \"No problem! Uh, is anyone else with you?\" Marlin said. Dick replied, \"Yeah. There's a few teachers, a few kids, and Max is sleeping.\" \"Why don't you come with me and my men to our lab?\" Marlin asked. \"Sure!\"[Chapter 7] At the lab, the Critters were put in a high-security cage just like Marlin said, and Dick and the others were being taken care of. \"How's your neck doing?\" the doctor asked, washing off her thermometer. \"Fine,\" Max responded. Katie stood up and walked over to Dick. \"How are you feeling?\" \"I don't know,\" Dick said. \"That was brave what you did,\" she said, sitting next to him. \"What?\" he asked. \"Taking on two Critters at once to protect your friends,\" Katie responded. She kissed him on the cheek and walked away. \"Yeah.\" he replied, blushing. Marlin sat at his desk, sipping cappuccino and watching the Critters hit the window one-by-one, trying to break it. He knew they couldn't get out. If a speeding bullet couldn't break those windows, a Critter certainly couldn't. But even with all that security, he still didn't feel the safety he wanted to feel. \"Guards, keep full look-out on those things! Don't let them out of your sight!\" The men nodded and went back to watching the Critters. The fences and the automated surveillance cameras were online. \"Hey, why did the poop cross the road?\" Bruce asked, cutting his steak in the cafeteria. Everyone was sitting down to eat for the capture of the Critters. \"I don't know. Why?\" Max questioned, slurping his spaghetti. \"Because something scared the crap out of it!\" Everybody laughed loudly as Bruce told more jokes. The chief came in the lunch room and started talking to the kids. Even Marlin came in and had a bean burrito. Almost everyone was eating in the small lunch room except the guards and the scientists. \"So when do I get paid?\" the chief asked Marlin. \"And how much?\" Marlin wiped off his mouth and responded, \"You'll get paid in an hour or two. And you'll get $20,000 bucks if we get those things to the park. Don't worry.\" \"I'm taking a break!\" yelled a security guard below the balcony of the lab. \"Whatever!\" someone answered. \"Oh, man, I'm gonna go to bed. Where are the beds in this place, anyway?\" Bruce requested. Marlin said, \"Upstairs to your right, and past the loading dock.\" The Critters snarled in their cage as two scientists entered. They took out a tranquillizer gun and shot one of the Critters. As the scientists were leaving with the sleeping Critter, the other Critters tried to get out, but they were shocked by the electrical fencing. Upstairs in the lab, the scientists put the Critter on a table and began to taking blood samples and pictures. While one of the scientists was taking pictures, the flash from the camera woke up the Critter. It growled and started to attack the scientists. One of the scientists was already dead when the other one was being eaten by the Critter. The Critter chewed until the man was dead with guts spilled everywhere. Then it laughed and rolled away into the vents. Downstairs, the other Critters were causing chaos trying to break free. \"Dang it! Those things weren't supposed to be this aggressive!\" Marlin exclaimed furiously as the Critters started cracking through the window. The Critters broke out of the cage and began chewing on the fence. \"Shoot those things!! Just save one of 'em!\" yelled Marlin. The wires on the fence began to bend and bust open. The guards frantically shot at the Critters, but there were too many at one time. Two of the guards were dead while the other guards were being attacked. Marlin grabbed a shotgun and a big pistol and raced down the steps to kill the monstrous Critters. He managed to kill one, but the other ones were smart. They tricked Marlin into wasting his ammunition. One jumped on Marlin's back from behind and another one shot at his right leg. He fell to the ground, realizing his end. The other Critters started biting on his stomach, as he could feel his intestines and blood spilling from his body. Blood smeared all over the wall, guts on the floor, and Marlin's lifeless body just sitting there, propped up on the wall. \"Come on guys! Let's go see those things!\" Dick said anxiously. He walked over and tugged on the sheets where Bruce was sleeping. Max got up and started tugging with Dick. Bruce finally rose from his bed and yawned at them. Katie stood by the door waiting for them to come. She could feel something downstairs wasn't right. They all walked down the hall, down the stairs, and to the lab. When they got there, they didn't like what they saw. Lights flashed on and off, electrical wires sparked, and dead bodies laid on the floor with blood and guts ripped out of them. \"I knew they couldn't contain those things for long,\" the chief said, entering the room with his 12-gauge shotgun. \"What do you mean? The Critters did this!?\" Bruce asked with astonishment. His face looked astounded at what the Critters had done to the containment lab. \"H-how can this be? I mean, they had full security, electrical fencing, guards, and a special cage, everything you'd need for a Critter!\" The chief and the others were silent. They were looking at Marlin's torn up body. \"You didn't deserve this, buddy. May you rest in peace,\" the chief said. He took out a medal symbol and put it in Marlin's bloody hand. \"I'll see you some other time.\" As they moved ahead, they saw numerous eggshells. \"This just keeps getting better and better!\" Max said. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ And that's as far as I got those years ago. Hope you enjoyed it at least somewhat. ","Summary":" CRITTERS 5: \"They're back.\" After destroying a farm in Kansas; after terrorizing a small town; af"},{"Movie":"Departed","Title":"The Costegan Agenda","Author":"Andysaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9888509","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Billy was scared. Not only had Queenen been killed by the gang, but someone had tried to contact him; that was to be done only in the most dire emergency since it could expose Billy. Anyone could be using the phone, maybe one of the gang had grabbed it before they threw Queenen over the edge ... or maybe the mole had got it. There was no way to tell. Deciding not to answer, Billy grabbed his gear and prepared to make a run for it in case he had been tailed in some way. Once in his car and with no sign of danger, Billy decided to reconsider. Billy drove to a safe location closer to Costello's bar and tried to phone again There was no answer. Surely if Dignam had used the phone, he would have held on to it. This was suspicious. Billy deactivated the phone and went to join the gang. Billy found that Queenan's death appeared to have relaxed Costello. Obviously Costello knew that \"Billy\" was no longer able to warn the cops, so they did the next drugs pickup as normal. The next day Billy tried to phone again from the park. Billy phoned several times without success, then suddenly there was a reply. The voice was not Dignam's. Billy said \"This is a dead man's phone, who the hell are you\". \"Detective Evans, who are you?\" Pausing to consider, Billy replied \"Someone in trouble, where the hell is Dignam\". The cop hadn't got a clue what Billy was on about and went to enquire. Eventually the cop replied \"Sergeant Dignam is off on two weeks sick leave\". \"Shit\". So who had tried to phone Billy? Billy continued \"Spread the word, Queenan was tailed to the meeting with me and then Costello was told where we were. They killed Queenan because they couldn't find me. Costello will find and kill me soon\". Billy broke the connection, not certain if he was dealing with an honest cop, or if the call could somehow be traced if Costello had the phone. For now Billy risked leaving the phone live. Sometime later that morning, Billy was phoned again by an arrogant cop who said that he was Captain Ellerby. Ellerby wanted to know what had happened, but did not give Billy any reason to think that he was a real cop. Billy soon became fed up with having to repeat himself, and was worried by both the time spent and the lack of surety offered; Ellerby treated Billy as a crook and just wanted to ask questions. So Billy said \"You could be anyone, even the mole, I only trust Dignam\". Billy broke the connection and switched of the phone. Billy would have to wait for Dignam to return, not that Billy trusted Dignam either; Billy had never forgotten Dignam's threat to erase his records, or the way that he had treated Billy as disposable garbage. A few days later things took a turn for the worst. The gang continued to be skittish and Delahunt's tarring by the cops had not been convincing. Some people pressured Queenan about the danger. Annoyed, Costello said that a contact in the police would soon uncover the rat. Both intrigued and worried, Billy asked how that could be done. Costello replied that some police files were being searched; it should not take long. What file's? Queenan's undercover files? Unlikely, as they could be accessed only by a Captain and possibly trusted assistants so Billy should already be dead unless the search had yet to begin. The Personnel files? That didn't make sense unless the mole already knew Billy's name. Then Billy remembered the letter. Billy tried to remember the data entry procedure - did it need a password, no. The database would only ask for the password if the person existed on the basis of the information that Billy had supplied Costello. Billy silently sweated out the next drugs pickup and then went straight home. The mole could contact Costello anytime. Billy grabbed his meds, some biscuits, orange juice and other stuff that he might need, made sure that the house was secure and then returned to his car. Driving near to the park amenities, Billy slept in the car as best he could. In the morning Billy had \"breakfast\" and drove into the central district. Once there Billy secured his car and then, with his hood up, walked warily to the SIU building. Once inside Billy headed to reception.[Chapter 2] It all took quite some time. Unwilling to give his name, Billy had to explain to a receptionist and then to a Desk Sergeant that he was an undercover cop who worked directly for Captain Queenan and that his cover was about to be blown by Costello's mole. For good measure Billy added that the mole might have tried to use Queenan's phone to contact Billy and set a trap, so Billy did not want to be interviewed by any one person. The Desk Sergeant contacted a Staff Sergeant and Billy had to repeat everything. The Staff Sergeant then wanted Billy to explain about Queenan's death. Next the Staff Sergeant wanted proof of Billy's identity. That was going a problem since Queenan's files were locked away. However, Billy directed them to the Personnel Database, and got his file opened. The Staff Sergeant examined Billy's file for some time. Impatient, Billy demanded that he receive his back pay and have his identity restored so that he could go into hiding out of the area and find work. The Staff Sergeant replied that this was not that simple and involved issues above his pay grade; he referred Billy to another Staff Sergeant who worked closer to Queenan and Dignam. This Staff Sergeant proved extremely demanding and even unpleasant, initially. Eventually he calmed down and refused to \"release\" Billy, reinstating him and ordering him to see a shrink and then take a sick leave holiday out of town. Because Billy had lost his bonus and could not return home, his reasonable accommodation and special expenses might be paid by the SIU. Billy would have to see Ellerby about that. For now home would consist of motel or hotel rooms. Once debriefing and reinstatement were complete, Billy got a good meal in the cafeteria and left the SIU, unwilling to endure the strain of seeing Ellerby. Watching his back, Billy headed to see the police shrink. Really Billy ought to have been automatically assigned a Minder. This showed how inadequate the SIU were, and how broken it's internal organisation had become by Queenan's death and Dignam's absence. As a result, Captain Ellerby, who was also feeling the strain, was not notified of Billy's reinstatement by any means, official notification or word of mouth. However, eventually Sullivan did hear from various confidants about what had happened and felt relief, the rat having been scared out of Costello's pack. Sullivan phoned Costello with the good news. However, Costello, in a rage, wanted revenge. Sullivan prevaricated as he did not want to take unnecessary risks; if he put a tail on Billy and it failed to protect Billy, people might put two and two together. There were already ugly whispers about Queenan's death coming from some of Sullivan's more intelligent rivals. And anyway, Billy had been told to leave town.[Chapter 3] Once Billy's shrink realised that he had been an undercover cop, the questioning became far more direct. Eventually the shrink told Billy that the diagnosis had been flawed and that he should try to come off his sleep meds. This would require a course in rehab, however, the prison like conditions would reinforce Billy's well founded paranoia of confinement and people. An initial period in a secure open environment was needed, such as a safe, relaxing but interesting holiday venue; in short Yellowstone rather than Disneyland. Billy also needed associate with people that he could trust. But Billy had no associates or family that he could trust. Even though Billy could square things with Cousin Shaun and Aunt Gladys and become the accepted Black Sheep of the family, Billy did not want to put them in danger and both would blab out of force of habit. The only one he could trust was Maddy, but she was getting married. However, the shrink thought that seeing Maddy would be a very good idea. Billy should see Maddy for an unofficial consultation and tell her everything, no more secrets. The shrink phoned Maddy to make an immediate \"unofficial\" appointment because Billy's circumstances had changed. As it happened, Maddy was still in her office.[Chapter 4] Maddy was quite incredulous. A bedraggled Billy arriving for an unofficial after hours consultation, and then revealing that he had been an undercover cop and was now in hiding. Well Maddy had always known that Billy was good at heart despite his violent record, a record that had clearly been fabricated at some personal expense to Billy. Billy would need a lot of tender loving care. Maddy told Billy to go on holiday, and when he was back to see her again and come to dinner regularly. She could easily square this with her fiancée as he was a fellow cop and this was therapy. In fact Billy should visit tonight. And keeping in touch with Billy would eventually allow Maddy to deal with her pregnancy issue. Colin might realise that the dates were not right, and anyway if he loved her what did it matter if Billy was the Father. It might be more of a problem for Billy. In the meantime Costello had been contacted by Barrigan. Costello, still enraged, again wanted revenge. Barrigan prevaricated for much the same reasons that Sullivan had stated, and not stated. Anyway, Barrigan had far less to lose if Costello threatened him and Costello knew it.[Chapter 5] The \"Dinner\" worked out ok. Sullivan was relieved that Billy was reticent and did not want to discuss work; holiday destinations were of more interest to Billy. Billy was happy to settle for comfortable conversation. Maddy was relieved that everything went well. Billy left to find a room for the night while Sullivan decided that this was not something to tell Costello about. Costello had made threatening impositions on Sullivan's private life and he did not want anything happening to Billy that might be connected with him; Billy was all washed up and no threat, while Queenan's death had cost Sullivan serious credibility with Ellerby. Sullivan would have been more concerned if he had known that Billy had also been playing possum. During the interviews with the Staff Sergeant and then Captain Ellerby, Billy had learned of the police tail and about who and why. The idea that Queenan had been a mole was stupid to the point of idiocy, so much so that by comparison the idea that Costello (or his mole) had been the source of the rumour looked proven. Unless Sullivan was the mole. This meant that Sullivan was cunning, intelligent, willing to take high risks, and able to lie with ease. Had Sullivan used the phone to try to trap Billy or just to terminate the assignment? Billy intended to sleep on the matter, while keeping his gun under his pillow.[Chapter 6] The next day Billy went to a travel agent. Eventually Billy selected a resort offering cheaper stay options in the US dependency of Puerto Rico. It was far away, tropical and different from the urban environment that Billy had grown up in. Being paranoid with good reason, Billy selected a resort where he could get a decent hotel room, this would be more secure that some chalet or low-grade hotel. As a precaution Billy did not book a room in advance. Needing some holiday gear, Billy bought a suitcase, new casuals, some scuba diving equipment, and a wing collar dress shirt with evening vest and pants with white tuxedo. The tuxedo would help him live the high life, rather like James Bond in the movies. Because Billy had also bought a black Spencer Jacket, he could attempt to disguise himself as a waiter or, if he wanted to, move around the resort incognito. That evening Billy rechecked his house and then asked the local cops to keep an eye on the house while he was away. Next Billy returned to the SIU and changed the password on his personnel file. Billy's password was no longer secret and he didn't want anyone tampering with the contents. Also, if Dignam came checking it would give him a nasty surprise. Then Billy drove to the airport. Securing his car, Billy took the first available flight that would eventually connect with a flight to Puerto Rico.[Chapter 7] Over the next two weeks, Billy enjoyed swimming on the reef and walking in the woods with the abundant wild life and iguanas or whatever the yard long half tame lizards were. In the evening, Billy quite enjoyed wearing the tuxedo around the hotel, as well as imitating a waiter around the grounds during the day. For once this was being in disguise for fun. The management soon noticed Billy's antics but he told them that he was an actor getting acting practice for auditioning in a spy movie. Billy even helped wait at table in the upper class section of the hotel. After a week, Billy began to come of his sleep meds. During the evening, Billy watched TV just for leisure, something he'd not done since he was a kid. There were Bond movies to see, often set on tropical islands. There were also lots of gadgets used for spying and surveillance, and that began to give Billy ideas ... In the meantime, Costello was fuming. Non of Costello's contacts claimed to know where Billy was, and that included Sullivan, who told Costello that Billy had been told to go on holiday, destination unknown. When the two weeks were up, Billy returned to Boston. After discreetly checking out his house, Billy drove over to Providence as it was away from Costello's and Sullivan's direct influence, and checked into rehab. After a week in rehab, Billy discharged himself and went shopping for binoculars and various electronic goodies, before checking into the shrink again.[Chapter 8] So far four weeks had passed since Billy had been reinstated. By the time Billy checked back into the SIU, Dignam had been back at work over two weeks and had quite forgotten about Billy. If Billy didn't phone him, Dignam wasn't going to lose sleep over it. Indeed, if asked Dignam would have assumed that Billy was dead. Billy made a point of checking in with Maddy again, and getting invited to dinner. On the surface, Billy just wanted to talk about his holiday, while not mentioning about enjoying his role as a waiter, and get information from Sullivan about what the various SIU sections did. On the face of it, because of his unsettled state of mind, Billy initially wanted work that would not be too demanding and not require a close partnership, at least that's what he wanted Sullivan to swallow. In fact as Billy was also below Ellerby's radar, Billy easily got assigned to do low grade investigative plod work which involved a lot of time away from SIU. Billy needed to investigate Sullivan in private, and not to be involved in after hours work if at all possible. The work also meant that Billy should be able to avoid contact with Sullivan for now. Billy did see Maddy whenever he visited his shrink, and he told Maddy that he was doing quiet routine police work. In fact, Billy told his shrink more of the truth than he could tell Maddy. Billy learned that Ellerby considered Sullivan to be the best thing since sliced bread and nothing could be said against teachers pet, hence resulting in Dignam's sick leave. Billy managed to get some information on Sullivan's background and SIU career, but unfortunately nothing detailed about Sullivan's cases. However, Sullivan rising to Staff Sergeant in little more that a year convinced Billy of Sullivan's guilt. Costello sold information to the FBI, so why not to his mole; it would have been an investment. Sullivan's background was interesting. Sullivan came from Southey, Costello's home territory. Had they been in regular contact, been neighbours even? Getting Costello's records posed Billy little problem. Over the next month Billy, with the aid of a wig, a close shave and a new car, made enquiries in Southey. Billy posed as a relative and tried to get to know about Sullivan's family from neighbours. Nothing proved of interest until Billy talked to a retired shopkeeper, who let slip that Sullivan was going to be a bad ass kid given who he associated with. When pressed the man grew fearful so Billy revealed that he was a cop. After he had promised to keep quiet about the man's identity, Billy \"extracted\" the full story. Costello appeared to have been making friends with Sullivan and offering him work. Maybe Costello was Fagin and Sullivan was Oliver Twist, as well as a prospective new Artful Dodger. Further enquiries lead Billy close to Costello's older base of operations, about which some people remembered a number of kids working as runners. The list of names included Sullivan and Barrigan, though they appeared to have attended in different circumstances. Sullivan attended on some days during the week while Barrigan only worked nights. Bingo. So Costello had been grooming future Police Cadets.[Chapter 9] But Billy needed more than rumours to bag Sullivan and Barrigan. That is why Billy had bought surveillance equipment. During a late night, when Costello's bar was closed, Billy visited and broke in using lock picks he had bought by mail order. Temporarily disabling the alarms and cameras, Billy was able to secrete three high amplification but low range microphones around the room where Costello did most of his addresses to the gang. Outside, on the roof, Billy hid a relay consisting of three cell phones powered by a car battery. The indoor mike's batteries would last about a month while the outdoor relay would last about six months. Next day, during the early evening when Billy could hear that the gang was discussing business, Billy visited the yard near the bar were Costello kept the cars. Avoiding the security system and scaling the fence with a climbing aid, Billy visited each of the six cars. The gang only used two to four cars on a job, the others were spare. However, Billy needed to bug all six. The best place for a microphone and it's two mile radius transmitter was in the seat next to the driver where Costello would sit. Each six month battery set had to go beneath the seat, but was unlikely to be found. Putting the whole lot within the door would have been safer, but risked too much road noise and would have taken too long to fit as the yard was occasionally checked by a guard from the bar. Then all Billy had to do was sit back and wait. The bar room reception was not brilliant, but Billy was able to work out on which nights Costello was marshalling the gang for a raid and moved into position using one of the two cars that he planned to use for tailing Costello. Billy planed to phone Ellerby anonymously with two types of useful information : where Costello was going once the pickup had started and if Costello was evading a tail. Billy would tell Ellerby to act as if the information came from an informer within Costello's gang, or at least try to. Billy acting as anonymous surveillance was the only way to get round the Costello's moles in the SIU.[Chapter 10] Meanwhile Dignum had been given reason to become concerned about Billy. Questions had been raised about the SIU's operations against Costello so the undercover files had finally been reopened. Was there an undercover in place against Costello or not? Dignum knew about Billy as an undercover, but not about Billy as an active cop because the files had not be kept synchronised. Dignum had to tell Ellerby that their Costello undercover had not reported in for a month and might have been \"removed\" when Queenan was killed. Dignum attempted to open Billy's personal file, but was locked out as Billy had altered the password. That really gave Dignum a headache. Then Ellerby started getting anonymous information on Costello's operations, and looked to Dignum for answers. Answers that Dignum didn't have. Dignum checked out Billy's house, but only learned that Billy had not been seen for at least a month. The local cops told Dignum that Billy had asked them to mind the house, but as they didn't know that Billy was now a cop Dignum was left baffled and wondering if Billy had jumped ship and was in hiding or had been sent away by Costello. Or was Ellerby's mysterious contact Billy? Of cause Sullivan knew that Billy was on active duty and enjoyed Dignam's discomfiture, never hesitating to rub salt in whenever Ellerby gouged Dignam. Dignum only learned the truth at a monthly staff meeting where staff performance was being discussed. Dignum had to hide his shock when he heard about a certain recent recruit called Costigan who was not pulling his weight, slacking during the day and avoiding night duty. Dignum checked in the rosters and soon found Billy. Dignum was enraged. However on reflection, Dignum knew perfectly well that Billy should be performing a lot better than this. What was that worthless punk up to! Dignum asked around Billy's section but Billy was never in and Dignum did not wan to cause a fuss, yet. Dignum had to wait until that section's weekly group meeting was over, and then pounced. Grabbing Billy, Dignum frog marched him into a quiet alcove where Dignum demanded answers in his most physically and verbally violent, and insulting, manner. Billy had expected this moment and retaliated by telling Dignum that he knew who Costello's moles were, but getting evidence that would stick was another matter. Billy then bluntly pointed out that he had achieved more in one month than the SIU had done in six months. Billy then said that this was hardly the place for a private conversation. Dignam told Billy to meet him downstairs in the records basement.[Chapter 11] The next night saw Billy in his car, joined by two cops who Dignam had selected on the basis of competence and ethnicity. Of East European origin, they were unlikely to have fallen into Costello's net. One was the senior, though under orders to defer to Billy's undercover experience and recognise that this was Billy's scheme. They also brought some recording equipment. Dignam accepted that Billy's crazy scheme might work, but wanted to make sure that there was enough cover, with at least two people on duty each night. Billy would also get his equipment and car expenses paid. Communication was to be with both Dignum and Ellerby, who had been given a dedicated phone and a limited explanation, which did not involve explaining about Sullivan, Billy or the use of bugging. With luck it would keep Costello, and Sullivan, off-balance, thinking that there was another informer somewhere. Despite Billy's improved surveillance over the next week, Sullivan was able to allow Costello to escape since Costello had also set up strategies to deal with multiple tails. In fact often only Billy's car was left tailing Costello. However, it did take a toll on Costello's temper and his relations with Sullivan, so much that during the second week, Costello actually threatened Sullivan by name. This in-car phone conversation had been recorded, and while the voice quality was poor, it should serve to break Sullivan's hold on Ellerby. It was also a relief to Billy, who was now getting worried that Costello might guess that a (Billy's) unofficial tail might exist. Now some real surveillance measures could be employed. The next day Dignam took the recording to Ellerby. Dignum said nothing about what had happened when he phoned Billy and told him to keep up the good work. Coming from Dignum that was praise. Dignum told Billy that the entire team should meet that afternoon in the Documents Store. The shortish meeting also included of Billy's section head, to whom Dignam explained Billy's performance issues, and several people from Surveillance, who were left in the dark about what Billy's team was really up to. The problem was two fold : stop Sullivan from warning Costello and get evidence of Sullivan's and Barrigan's complicity. What was needed were phone tap's. Taping the desk phones used by Sullivan and Barrigan was not a problem, keeping the operation secure was. The real problem was getting access to their mobile phone sim cards. Surveillance suggested bugging Sullivan's and Barrigan's offices, it could be done when setting up the phone taps. Regarding Sullivan's sim cards, Billy was able to suggest a possible method, a night out with Maddy and Sullivan.[Chapter 12] The next day, Billy had to be a little creative, but he managed to convince Maddy that he needed some decent after hour's company (which was true, except that Billy had been getting no after hour's company at all). Billy took some quality booze, and successfully managed to get Sullivan more of guard than he should have been. While Sullivan was at the toilet, Billy was able to take the risky opportunity to raid Sullivan's jacket and clone both his spare and his active sim cards using the device hidden in the bag of booze. The next morning, trusted people in Surveillance cloned the cards again. Now both Surveillance and Billy's team could tap Sulivan's calls. One night the week after, during another difficult case of avoiding multiple tails, Costello and Sullivan gave them a breakthrough; the spare sim card did indeed have a number for Costello's phone, which tied in with some odd text messages and calls that Sullivan had made to his 'dad'; Sullivan's parents had left him in his grandmother's care a long time ago. It was all over a few nights later. Billy had been able to suggest several possible pickup sites that Costello might be heading for, thus allowing for more effective tails to be set up. Dignam then caught Sullivan red-handed while texting Costello, and without Sullivan's aid, Costello blundered straight into an ambush. The next day Costello attempted to make a deal, but was told that Sullivan had already been arrested so if he wanted to deal he would need to supply the names of his other police informants, Barrigan being specifically mentioned. The day after, Costello's laywer drew up a deal which included shopping Sullivan, as well as Barrigan and several cops not in the SIU who were all duly arrested. Billy finally had the satisfying job of comforting Maddy after she visited the SIU. She told him that she would have to move out of the plush apartment because of the cost. Billy offered to help out by letting her stay at his place, and was then told that his place would have to be large enough for Billy Costigan III of four months time. Now Billy could really rub salt into Sullivan's wounds. ","Summary":" Billy was scared. Not only had Queenen been killed by the gang, but someone had tried to contact hi"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"The Adventures of Billy & Gizmo Part I","Author":"swift nicky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3227039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer : I do not own gremlins or any of the characters from the films. The Adventures of Billy and Gizmo Post-Halloween Huntings This project was originally intended to have been uploaded on Halloween but I had a few delays, but here it is now! Chapter 1 An Unfortunate Incident Many years after their reunion in New York City, Billy Peltzer and his furry friend Gizmo were getting on extremely well together. Gizmo was a mogwai, a creature that had a nice blend of brown and white fur, long ears with the tips curved and huge dark brown eyes that sparkled in the dimly lit garage where he rested his sweet head against the back of the open wooden box in which Billy kept him in. Everyone who had seen Gizmo remarked about him with comments like \"he's dead cute\" but Billy had been keeping him hidden away from most people in his ordinary day to day life as an architect, designing structures and development proposals for town planners and building contractors worldwide. Billy however didn't like travelling very much especially outside the states and had recently moved back to Kingston Falls, Ohio as he regularly had to care for Gizmo for there are three very imperative rules that needed to be followed... 1) Keep him away from bright lights, especially sunlight for it will kill him, 2) Keep him away from water, don't ever get him wet, and most importantly, 3) Never ever feed him after midnight. Beacause of the difficulites Billy was faced with and his commitments to caring for Gizmo he usually submitted work abroad by post instead of contacting the clients directly, he was told by the management at a firm in nearby Cleveland that only if there was a major redevelopment scheme being planned would he have to travel abroad, fortunately he had not had to deal with such a project just yet. Billy was pleased with the work he had achieved over the years to this stage in architecture having been a designer for many years and having worked briefly with Daniel Clamp, however he was feeling a little lonely in his life. His ex-girlfriend Kate had left him some time ago because she felt there was too much risk with Gizmo being around that there would be an ountbreak of those dreaded Gremlins! despite Billy's attempts to convince her there would be no further problems. So Billy was sat at his desk in the living room at his home in the quaint little town, Kingston Falls working on a new assignment. Tonight was Halloween, Billy on a few occasions this evening had been distracted from his work by the usual trick-or-treaters that called round to his house on this very evening, he had left several snacks out by the hallway for the expected local kids dressed in scary cloaks, face masks, devil horns and some wearing vampire blood and fangs. Unexpectedly it had begun to rain quite heavily after what only seemed like light drizzle falling from the skies. Gizmo leaned back in his box and began singing and humming a sweet tune to himself, a delicious tone to his voice and he daydreamed happy memories from this earlier life and of people that had cared for him. He excitedly perked up at the thought that Billy would soon be there to feed him his evening meal. All of a sudden there was a shuddering knock on the front door of Billy Peltzer's house. Gizmo in the garage that is a storage area really built as an extension to the house, blanched and listened quietly to what was happening outside. Billy in his work space however was so preoccupied with his work and with the sound of heavy rainfall thundering down outside failed to hear this, there was another knock and outside was disgruntled trick-or-treaters getting soaked. Billy heard this time and slowly got up out from in front of his desk however it occured to him that he had run out of treats and wasn't anticipating there being anymore of them calling round at this time, \"damn\" he thought to himself, \"It's getting late\" he looked at the digital clock resting on his mantlepiece it read 20:00. Back in the garage Gizmo slowly climbed out of the box and up by the window to investigate what was happening and as he did so he heard angry voices from outside, \"There's an unruly crowd of kids hanging around\" thought Gizmo nervously. The kids became infuriated, one lad called George found a relatively large stone on the patio outside Billy's garden which he picked up and after more continuous knocking the kids started to back away and move on down the street, however George stayed behind and lobbed the stone through the garage window. \"Bang!\" and the window fell right through upon impact. Gizmo heard the crash as the window shattered and leaped onto the floor terrified however the noise wasn't too loud and Billy didn't come to investigate, he heard a slight noise that sounded to him like breaking glass as he yawned in his chair but shrugged it off, \"probably neighbours\" he told himself as he settled back down and continued working on a new design. Meanwhile in the garage Gizmo was hidden from view underneath a ledge directly below the window, a few shards of glass had fallen on top of Gizmo's head but that was the least of his worries for there was rainwater slowly trickling down the ledge as the rain pounded it violently. Gizmo was really frightened now, he knew he had to get away just in case he got damp, \"Just one drop of water is enough...\" and he shivered at the thought. He tried to shrink away from the danger but couldn't, it seemed impossible as the water began to drip from the ledge, he knew if he moved he would get wet, Gizmo just waited and hoped he might stay dry. Then suddenly it came very quickly in heavy spurts and the ultimate fear consumed Gizmo, it was coming, it was COMING! (Oooooh Will Gizmo get out of this one, I think you all know what is going to happen.) Update coming very shortly[Chapter 2] Chaptern2 PoornGizmo Thenrainwater continued to drip from the ledge, \"Noooo\" Gizmoncried, \"Billy!\". Butnit was too late a drop of water fell directly right on top of Gizmo'snhead followed by another and another and another, each one felt asncold as ice. \"Arrrrrgh\"nGizmo cried in agony and despair, he could not believe this wasnhappening again as his back began to painfully bubble holding himndown against the ground, paralysing his movements, he thumped thenground in frustration. Thenpain was excruciating and Gizmo lay completely immobile, he moanednmiserably and tears formed around his eyes. Gizmonclosed his eyes longing for the cell division to stop, finally onensmall furball popped out from his body bouncing off the ceiling, twonmore shot out afterwards. Thennthe involuntary multiplication process came to an abrupt halt, Gizmonrolled away from the dampness of the garage floor leakage with allnhis energy he crawled despairingly towards his box and curled upnbeside it shivering, he was too horrified to call for help andninstincts told him to keep quiet to prevent being discovered as thenthree furballs formed and grew into new mogwai. Twonof the newly spawned mogwai looked almost identical, brown all overnexcept their faces were blazed by white streaks, however one of themnhad its own distinctive features and despite being the last to hatchnthis one shot up and stood in front of the other two in a commandingnway and like a mouse sticking its head above the parapet he wasnaccepting the challenge of leadership. AsnGizmo lay shivering the other mogwai approached the box, their leadernwho featured black spiked hair that was rooted to his head and thenupper part of its back casting a dark shadow on his face spoke,n\"Let's get gizzmoooo\" and signaled with his claw for thenother two to charge in, they all piled on top of Gizmo beating himnup, the lead gremlin snarled and dug his sharp teeth into Gizmo'snright arm as the other two smacked Gizmo around the head. Gizmonsquealed in pain and cried loudly for Billy. Billynhad heard some commotion and went to investigate, he could tellnstraight away that it was coming from the unused garage, \"Inbetter check is Gizmo allright\" he said as he collected the keysnfrom his desk and walked outside into the cold penetrating airnleaving the door slightly open behind him. Henslowly approached the garage and turned the key in the lock. As thendoor opened he called out \"Are you okay in there Giz\". Therenwas a snigger from one of the new mogwai and Billy heard this andnsuspected it was someone else, then came the repsonce, \"BillynHelp!\" and Billy recognisied this as Gizmo's voice. Billyndashed halfway across the garage to where the box was situated and tonGizmo's rescue. To his complete horror there was four mogwai therenand one of them was getting attacked by the other three and that onenwas... \"Gizmo!\" Billy cried, \"this can't be happening\"nhe thought. Gizmonwas trying desperately to hold them off but they overpowered him andnwere hammering him mercilessly. ThennBilly saw the shattered glass on the ground and understood at oncenwhat had happened. Asnhis shock subsided Billy grabbed the evil looking spiked mogwai whonattempted to bite his hand off and he managed to throw him half thenlength of the room knocking him unconscious and then carefully pullednGizmo off the other two baddies before slamming the lid on the boxnand locking them in with another key he found instinctively in hisnpocket. Gizmonlooked up at Billy and began to sob, \"Oh Gizmo\" Billyncried, \"you're hurt\". Gizmo continued to cry uncontrollablynand Billy wrapped his arms around his little friend in a warmnembrace. \"I'mnsorry I wasn't there to protect you Giz\" Billy cried as henwalked back into the house carrying Gizmo, he rested him on a cushionnand then collapsed like a loose light beam onto the sofa. Gizmonthrough all his anguish returned Billy a hug. \"What are we goingnto do now?\" sobbed Gizmo who was getting Billy's T-Shirtndrenched in his tears. \"I'llndeal with them don't worry Giz\" he said petting Gizmo's headncomfortingly. Calmnwashed over Gizmo, at this point he was just happy to be safe innBilly's protective arms. \"I'mnso glad I'm with you\" Gizmo said. Henwas still in a considerable amount of pain from injuries inflicted bynhis offspring waging their inevitable hate campaign against him, hisnhead was also suffering with cuts from the shattered glass. \"YeahnI'll protect you from them now Gizmo, I better get you patched upnhuh\" said Billy, he settled Gizmo down and went to fetch somenbandages. Afterna few minutes spent tending to Gizmo's injuries and gettingnthemselves something to eat, Billy went to observe the damage in thengarage, he was mystified by the cause of the damage to the window andnthen he discovered a stone underneath, he swept up the glass and thennseeing all was well went back to check on Gizmo. Gizmonwas propped up on a cushion, chewing on some chicken vigorously, hisninjuries didn't seem too bad to him but he was deeply distraught andnupset over what had happened, Billy knew this was playing on his mindnand comforted him. \"Everythingnwill be allright, I know it will be, I'll take control of thensituation\". Gizmonhowever still felt unassured as he gave Billy a cuddle. He asked \"Cannyou take them away somewhere?\". \"Tomorrow\"nBilly replied for he noticed it was getting dead late, \"I knowntheir the nastiest batch I've encountered so far, but if anythingnhappens, I won't let them harm you\". Henscratched Giz behind the ears which made him feel a little happier.n\"Awww poor Gizmo\" thought Billy. \"He'snbeen through a lot up to now, despite me managing to keep him awaynfrom the dangers of direct sunlight and water ever since ournhomecoming to Kingston Falls from New York.\" he thought. \"Youna cute creature y'know Giz and you don't deserve all this\" hensaid soothingly. Billynhowever in the back of his mind was beginning to feel verynapprehensive, what if a batch like them did eat after midnight andnall that, they would be far nastier than any gremlins he would evernsee and if they found a water source there would be anotherncatastrophe like what happened here in his hometown many years ago,nhe tried not to think about that. AfternGizmo calmed down and relaxed, Billy decided to ease their stress bynfiring up his computer, \"I fancy shooting some alien monsters onnHalf-Life, what bout you Giz?\" he asked. Gizmo was like \"sure\"nand leaped up from his seating position, Billy caught him in his armsnand lifted him up onto his lap as he booted up the game so Gizmoncould see the screen. Afterna few loading screens Billy remarked \"I've been through what isncalled the hazard course in this game so I say let's get down to thenaction\". Billynwatched the opening sequence of the game and was surprised by hownlong it took before his in-game character was able to do anythingnother than shift about inside a train carriage. AsnBilly waited patiently he said \"Gizmo you and me are as loyal asna dog to its owner\". Gizmonheld onto Billy tightly showing his appreciation for the times theynhad together and gazed with interest at the screen, a sense ofnfascination swept across his eyes. PleasenReview (IsnGizmo happy now and will Billy be able to handle the new situationnthat is arising, find out in the next chapter, \"As MidnightnApproaches\".)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 As Midnight Approaches Later that night after an hour passed in which they played through parts of Half-Life and Gizmo squirmed at the sight of headcrabs, Billy collapsed in the sofa totally shattered after what seemed a long day. Gizmo swiftly snuggled up close to Billy, he was still startled by what had happened earlier that evening and looked at Billy inquiringly and asked if everything will be fine. Billy replied, \"First thing tomorrow, we'll decide what to do with them, but don't worry it'll be different this time, we've dealt with them before\". Billy knew though he would have to prepare himself for the worst, just in case... as they were very hostile, \"I feel so tired\" he said. Gizmo accepted this and was feeling happy in Billy's company, \"I just don't want you getting hurt anymore Giz\" he finished. Gizmo curled up into a ball resting against Billy and fell asleep, the warmth from Gizmo made Billy feel sleepy too and he soon dozed off. Meanwhile back in the garage one of the mogwai was stirring, it was the vicious one who Billy had left unconcious, his name was Raptor and he was full of rage. \"Gizzzmooo got away and that Billy hurt me, I'll get dem\" he snarled however he could not find his clan mates. \"Slashhh!\", \"Kopek!\" he called out in a harsh voice. No answer. \"What has he done?, Billy I'll get you!\", he cried, then he received a bit of a surprise, he heard Slash and Kopek's voices nearby. Raptor slowly approached the place where he heard them squeal, squinting in the penetrating darkness, he was partially blind compared to most mogwai yet he navigated himself across the garage floor using his other senses as a guide in an attempt to reach the place where his comrades where trapped, his figure casting a dark shadow over the pitch black floor. He approached the box and slowly climbed up onto it as he heard movements inside, he tried to wrench open the box but it wouldn't budge. \"Great\" he thought, \"So it's locked\". The two other mogwai tapped against the inside wall of the box and yelled out. Raptor spoke softly to them, \"I'll get you outta there, someway\". Raptor shuddered he hated being isolated from his friends and was determined to rescue them. He was observing the room and taking in the entire surroundings so he could plan an escape routine. As he crawled round the dark obstructed areas of the garage he could make out some of the objects that was left lying around, all he really wanted right now was something to release his comrades from the box and as the minutes went by he became increasingly frustrated and angry. Raptor continued to move forwards and then his head banged straight into an obstacle, he bounced of what seemed to him like a wall and fell backwards. His head was soar from the collision and he lay on the ground disorientated, whilst trying to figure out how he had picked up the knock to the head. As he focused in front of him he noticed a toolbox on the ground which was half open, Raptor crawled to it and rummaged around inside it retrieving a bolt cutter that he then grasped tightly in his hands and roared his approval, \"Now i've found the tool to rescue my clan\". He squeezed between random objects as he sped back towards the box in the far corner, he positoned the bolt cutters ready to slice through the lock and get to his fragile friends, he held it close and then, \"click\" the lock snapped and the lid flew upwards knocking Raptor back onto the floor. Impatiently he dived straight in and landed on top of their heads, he crawled off them and collapsed in a cosy spot to himself. Slash and Kopek gathered round Raptor eagarly, greatly relieved that their leader was there. \"Spikehead!\" they whispered as that was his nickname. \"Hey are you guys alright, they didn't do anything to ya?\" Raptor spoke softly. \"We're okay\" Slash responded we were just worried about you cuz we need your help, your our leader, we want to get out of here\". \"We are going to escape and we'll get hold of gizzmo too, HA HA! Gizmo were coming for you!\". \"I feel weak in this form\" Kopek chipped in. \"Come here comrades\" Raptor called out to them, \"I have a plan, we're getting out of here very soon, now there's a hatch that's positioned right in the middle of this room, we find it, get up there someway and it should take us to an escape route\". \"Kopek!, you are right we are weak, we need to change out of this form, we'll find out how as soon as we make our mark\". The other two looked up at their leader and grunted their appreciation, they were getting away from this place. \"Let's go\" Raptor gave the call and he slid down the box first then beckoned the other two to follow, they edged up close to him as he made his way across the floor in which he was now familiar. Raptor seemed to have everything mapped out for them, he sped towards the very back end of the room where a pair of stepladders were propped up against the wall. Using all the strength in both his arms he managed to gently pull the stepladders along the floor very slowly as he didn't want to disturb Billy or Gizmo. He worked tirelessly to shift it as far across the room as he could, this took several minutes and progress was slow, his comrades waited patiently hidden from view behind some wooden crates. Finally Raptor pulled the ladders into position, and his energy gave way, he fell and his muscles were aching. Kopek and Slash came running over to support him. \"Job done, just\" he gapsed and rested silently on the cold hard surface of the floor whilst he regained his strength. After calming down, he grabbed the foot of the ladder and pulled himself up onto it, \"Come and we will apprehend the target\". Slash and Kopek followed him up the ladder. Raptor pulled out a screwdriver and went to work unscrewing the entrance to the vent, this took about a minute and as the last screw came loose the hatch fell to the ground making a loud metallic clattering sound. \"Shit\" Raptor blasted and he yelled \"Get up here now!\". Slash and Kopek hopped up the ladder in a rush and dived headfirst into the vent, Raptor caught up with them and they moved forwards swiftly to avoid discovery, they kept moving throughout the infinite darkness. Gizmo suddenly awoke and his mind was in deep thought, he was reflecting on the terrible events that had occured that night and Billy arriving just in time to save him from the horrible atrocity he had faced, he was thankful for that and he loved Billy for being there for him. \"I feel sorry for Billy cause he too has suffered at the hands of those evil monsters\" he said to himself. He recalled the time that the smart, dangerous gremlin Stripe had hurt Billy, slashing him with his claws as they chased him down right here in Kingston Falls, he would never forget everything those gremlins put them through. \"I know I'm innocent and helpless most of the time, but I can fight for survival can't I\" thought Gizmo. \"Billy protects me but if anything happens to him I need to get in there\". He shivered as he could feel a cold breeze circulating around the room and he snuggled up to Billy feeling his warmth and thinking about how affectionate Billy was to him. Gizmo closed his eyes and tried to return to sleep but his senses were wide awake. He heard a scuffling sound in the distance he couldn't quite make out where it was coming from but it made him feel slightly disturbed, he frowned as he had a bad feeling about something and he smelt the air, all he could pick up was the food that Billy had cooked for them that night, then he vaguely caught the scent of other mogwai, it seemed close like they were present in the same room. Gizmo began to panic and he reached out, touching the smooth fabric on Billy's shirt and was clinging onto Billy tightly knowing if they were going to come they would have to sneak up on Billy first. Gizmo pushed all his bad thoughts and worries to the back of his mind and he meditated on a peaceful place, where Billy was guarding him and taking him around beautifiul surrounding, lakes, mountains and a beach with palm trees embedded. These pleasant thoughts calmed him and he descended into a deep sleep. Gizmo was laying in the warm sand, sunglasses protecting his eyes from the sunlight, Billy was talking to him about places in the world he wanted to visit and how they could get a holiday home somewhere like here, Gizmo walked over towards a forest and took in all the wildlife that inhabited this tropical paradise, birds, reptiles and mammals of many species. They went for a cruise in Billy's speedboat and explored the entire landscape of the island and Giz smiled as the the cool wind swept gently across his face. Gizmo emerged from his dream as a wave of chilly air closed in on him, he heard a crash and then there was a commotion deep in the ventalation duct that linked up with the living room, he stared in absolute horror as the mogwai lead by Raptor approached the exit. He nudged Billy who woke with a start, \"What's the matter Giz\" he asked and then he saw what he was dreading and it sent a shiver down his spine. Billy instinctivly rushed to find a torch whilst in wild panic, \"I thought I had them in containment\" he gasped. He grabbed his torch and turned it on thrusting it directly into the vent, the bright light emitted close to where Raptor and his clan were facing and they shrieked and shielded their eyes from the flash as pain spread through their bodies. Raptor gritted his teeth and turned back looking for another way out, there wasn't one so they headed back towards the garage, Raptor gave the announcement, \"I'm starving let's get something to eat, we'll get away tomorrow\". He saw some dog biscuits in the garage and decided they could have a little snack between them. (This story is starting to come along nicely for me now, so please send in your reviews, C hapter 4 to follow)[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Metamorphosis They all crept back into the garage, crawling through the vent with Raptor leading the way forward. Upon climbing out of the hatch he led them on a mad dash across the room to where some food was stacked on a shelf. Slash and Kopek dived straight in almost causing the shelf to tip over, Raptor hissed at them for their impatience and climbed up himself and then cautiously flicked a bag of dog biscuits calmly over his shoulder onto the ground. His siblings swiped theirs and shredded them open. Raptor began to eat and shoved as much as he could manage down his throat, around him Slash and Kopek did the same, he continued to munch away without realising that something out of the ordinary was happening. He spun around curious and discovered that his comrades were lying on the floor unconscious, they also appeared to be covered in a weird thick slime that was slowly spreading, consuming them. Raptor couldn't believe what he was seeing and neither did he understand it. However before he could figure out what was happening he felt himself losing awareness to his surroundings, his head started spinning and images flashed by, he could feel a chill wrap around him fiercely. He asked himself \"Where the fuck am I?\" then he could feel nothing and he blacked out. Meanwhile Billy and Gizmo were searching their house for any trace of the other mogwai. Gizmo was very shocked by what had happened and Billy was trying everything he could to deal with the scenario. He checked the kitchen and everywhere possible inside his house to find them however there was no sign of them. \"Were out of luck\" Billy thought and he began sealing the doors so he could barricade all of the exits. If they were still somewhere inside then they could easily stop them from escaping. As Gizmo was pretty much distressed, Billy consoled him, putting his arms around him adoringly, \"You're a brave guy, we'll get through this\" he said. Gizmo managed a weak smile as Billy carefully examined the blockages he had set up around the house and beckoned to him. \"Come, it's dead late, I'll try and put things right tomorrow, maybe they won't be much of a threat\". Billy said hopefully though he was feeling a little too optimistic. Together Billy and Giz went upstairs for some quiet night's rest. Billy was praying that all would be well tomorrow. Later that night Billy awoke sweating feverishly, his breathing was quicker than normal. He looked over to see if Gizmo was alright, he was sleeping peacefully enough. Billy was depressed and started wondering what they might encounter the next day, he couldn't help thinking they would soon be in deep trouble, Billy hoped things would go smoothly tomorrow and he rested his head on the soft pillow, he just thought about his commitments in life and soon drifted off back to sleep. \"Wah Wah Wah\" Billy's alarm clock sounded and he reached out with his hand to cut it off, Billy having just awoken felt quite groggy as he slowly climbed out of bed his memory of last night slightly blurred but he was still feeling nervous about today. Gizmo stirred in his bed and yawned glancing over at Billy who was wearing an anxious expression and Gizmo knew fearfully what he was reflecting on. Billy tried to push away from his mind all thoughts of deviant little monsters and attempted to put a brave face on the situation, he slowly rose from the bed and staggered over to the door, he grasped the handle expecting something to dive out in front of him from its hiding place behind the door. Billy looked fixedly down the stairs then made a move when he felt certain it was all clear. Billy cooked up breakfast for himself and fed Gizmo, then prepared to have a wash and change into his clothes for work. Gizmo sat in a chair at the table thinking what could possibly happen, \"It might not be pretty but Billy better not get hurt if anything\". He sighed feeling sad and brushed against the chair gazing up at the bedroom door, longing for Billy's return. Then there was a door opening and Billy walked down the stairs straightening up his shirt. He checked his watch as it was getting near the start of his shift. \"It's nearly time Giz, I'm taking you with me today, just in case\" he explained. Gizmo shot up with excitement and gave Billy a cuddle for his kindness. \"It'll be okay, we'll be home for about 6\" Billy continued \"Hey I'd better go and check everythings alright before I lock up the house, wait here for a sec\". Billy went outside to check the garage as it was part of his daily routine before leaving the house, the gravel outside scraped against his trainers as he strided down his front yard. As he entered the garage however he could tell that something was wrong, there was a weird atmosphere in this place since last night and Billy tried to not think about what that could mean. Billy braced himself and slowly approached the shelf at the far end of the garage where something looked out of place, then he saw them, covered in a kind of slimy webbed cocoon. Billy was stunned and fear penetrated his senses, a viscous liquid spilled out of one the cocoons menacingly. A short while later that morning Billy was sat at his workplace, Gizmo positioned close to him and opposite Billy sat his best mate Pete Fountaine. They were talking about the recent events in his life. \"So you see Pete, I'm afraid it's going to happen again\". \"Nah I Doubt it, tell you what tonight after work I might be able to get some grenades from a pal of mine who is employed by the army, plant one of them underneath and blow the lot of those critters up, that's what I say\" he replied. Billy just sighed that was the typical things Pete came out with being a bit on the wild side and having a healthy addiction to things blowing up. \"Well this was sometime last night they ate all right so I say if it usually takes about 18 hours for them to hatch then I need to do something before let's say 6 o'clock\" Billy concluded. \"Don't worry I handled them well before or more like I should say you and Gizmo should get outta there before they hatch\" Pete went on with a bored expression, \"Okay sorry mate I didn't mean that really\" he said as Billy looked deadly serious and apprehensive. Billy glanced down at his feet and examined his work, biting his lip as he did so. Pete stared at the floor bored and sighed heavily. He slowly lifted himself from his chair and muttered incoherently something about getting on with his work. \"Okay I'll call round soon after work in case they try to get away, just look after yourself that's all\" said Pete as he rushed off leaving Billy to dwell on the potential consequences. Gizmo exchanged nervously glances with Billy who spoke suddenly, \"We'll stick together Giz and team up on them, we'll be ready when they hatch\". With a new found confidence Gizmo gazed up at his human friend Billy and gripped his hand tightly with bravery and determination. Later that evening back in Billy's garage the cocoons began to crackle and slow movements erupted deep inside, steam spurted out and the cracking continued rapidly. A reptilian hand with sharp claws grasped around the outer shell. The creature forced the shell with its thrusting movements and it began to spilt. There was a moaning noise coming from the creature it appeared reluctant to rise up out of the cocoon concealing him. There was a pause then the creature reared it's ugly head, on top was spikes, yes the metamorphosis had caused spikes to form in place of fur during the evolution process, now it was looking over at the other cocoons. The creature snarled menacingly and he freed himself entirely from the cocoon and stepped out into the shadows waiting for the others to hatch from their cocoons. REVIEW (Tell me what you think?) (Looks like it's getting very troublesome now for Billy and Gizmo doesn't it)[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Escapade The Gremlin Raptor slithered out into the open, he had green scaly skin, fangs, webbed feet and his eyes looked terrifying. He flexed his claws and then looked down at himself with fascination, he watched from a distance as two pairs of reptilian eyes stared back at him. Their cocoons opened then Slash and Kopek gradually emerged from inside, they looked at Raptor, a red glint in their eyes and they felt a sense of power. \"Yes my comrades, we have evolved\" he said to his impressed siblings, \"We are now Gremlins!\". Kopek glanced around the garage and then at himself, he was completly awed by this form, he grinned at Slash who smirked back at him excitedly. \"Can we get out of here?\" Kopek asked impatiently. Raptor shock his head in disagreement, \"We get Billy and Gizmooo first!\" he growled, \"and we must wait until the sun sets, then we go\". \"So what now leader?\" Slash asked, \"We just stay put and wait for them\" Raptor said sharply. About two hours later Billy and Gizmo returned home and relaxed on the sofa, \"So been a long day Giz huh\". Gizmo hummed softly and turned his head towards Billy half nodding. Billy seemed to get the message and sat down yawning, he wondered what plans he had for the following week whilst taking a break from work, it hadn't occured to him that trouble was already brewing very close to where they were actually sitting. Billy stood up and said \"I'll get us some food\", however just as he'd taken a few strides towards the kitchen he heard a loud raspy growl. Billy spun round his heart thumping. There was stunned silence then Billy realised, \"Oh no Giz don't say they already...\" and his voice cut out in horror. Gizmo was shaking and Billy stood up bravely, knowing he had little choice but to confront them. He walked down the hallway over to the front door and called behind him calmly, \"Stay where you are Gizmo\" before slamming the door. There was a long period of tranquility in the house. Gizmo rested on the sofa shivering, \"Be careful Billy\" he cried and he lay there worring about his caring friend. A few times he raised his arms and imagined there was a gremlin there and was punching the hell out of it. Gizmo was afraid they could snatch him and hurt Billy. Gizmo waited and waited with great concern. Then Billy returned, but his face was contorted with fear, \"They've hatched and they're after us\" he gasped falling to the floor in despair. Billy then composed himself, standing up he walked outside into the cool evening air in his back yard, he surged forward over to his shed and pulled out a crowbar. \"Bring it on Gremlins\" he thought and then he ran back into the house. \"Be brave Gizmo\" he whispered and Gizmo smiled exhilarated when he saw Billy so ready to protect him. He pointed to a bow and arrow Billy had constructed for him a while ago. Billy picked them up and handed them to Gizmo, \"I'll go in there first to get them\" he said. Billy fetched a backpack and Gizmo climbed into it, then they walked outside together. It was early in the evening and the sun was just setting, the sky above was turning a dark blue winter colour. Streetlamps flickered on illuminating the pavements on the main road that was visible from the entrance to Billy's house. Billy approached the garage with caution and before reaching for the door handle, he grabbed his crowbar and whacked it against the door producing a loud clanging noise. There was squeals of freight heard within and a vicious snarl, Billy prepared himself to charge. Opening the door hastily and allowing Gizmo to dive into cover Billy raced towards them, Slash and Kopek were totally shocked and stood there motionless, Raptor however had prepared himself for this he grabbed a barrell and launched it directly at Billy who raised an arm to block it. Billy charged at him aiming for his head with the crowbar, Raptor instinctively dodged out of the way and began sprinting wildly across the room, Slash and Kopek in confusion tried to keep up with him but then hopped behind some boxes for cover. Raptor let out an aggressive growl in Billy's direction and lunged at him claws outstretched. Billy dived to the floor and rolled underneath him. Meanwhile Slash who was hidden under cover while the onslaught continued rapidly crawled over to a mini motor and started the engine, Kopek quickly snuck up behind him and dived into the back seat, Gizmo watched the two gremlins from a distance then they flew off heading for the door with Slash behind the wheel. Gizmo crouched behind some boxes and prepared to fire arrows at them but missed. Billy spun round after forcing Raptor to the ground and saw them trying to escape. Raptor given this opportunity took a ferocious swipe at Billy, cruelly digging his claws into the side of his face, \"arrrghhhh!\" Billy screamed in pain and Raptor flew off running like crazy to the other side of the room, snatching boxes and throwing them in a pile, then he found a plank of wood to use as a ramp, he placed it cleverly in positon and gave the claw signal to his comrades. They skidded and turned around heading towards him, Raptor dived forcefully headfirst into the cart banging his head against the side, he yelled in agony and Slash drove up towards the ramp. Gizmo shot more arrows and Slash swerved to avoid them narrowly missing the ramp, they drove up at an angle and went flying through a large window nearly toppling over, glass went shooting everywhere and they just about landed right side up on four wheels outside. Billy slowly gathered himself to his feet, blood streaming down his face yet he summoned the energy to shout after them. \"You fuckers will pay, we'll get you\". he cried grudgingly. He dropped to his feet moaning. Gizmo rushed over to him and crawled to his side feeling very sorry for Billy. This was all terrible and Gizmo felt very sad and mortified, he put an arm around Billy protectively. \"Will you be alright\" he asked, \"I should be Giz\" Billy cried. Billy picked Gizmo up and hugged him tightly. \"You know what buddy, you were really unlucky there, you give it your best shot pal\". Gizmo acknowledged these kind words and grabbed a tissue that Billy was holding using it to wipe his face of all the blood. \"Cheers buddy, but don't worry bout me too much, we've got to stop them\". Billy spent a few moments stroking Gizmo's head affectionately, then he sat up with confidence glaring up and down the garage planning what to do next. \"You and I we can fight back, we're resilient all right\" Billy said assuringly. Gizmo perked up knowing they could get through all of this with a bit of luck. Billy and Gizmo began preparing themselves to trail the nasty gremlins. Billy had it in mind to give Pete a call. He dialled his number and waited patiently for him to answer. \"Hi Pete\" Billy said as he answered. \"Everything alright?\" asked Pete on the other end of the line, \"No it's not mate\" Billy said desperately, \"they've hatched way before I thought they would and now they've escaped and... i'm hurt pretty bad\". Billy added hastily. \"Shit thats not great,\"I'll be right there\" he said and the line cut out. Billy stared into emptiness and said, \"He'll be here soon Giz, then we'll track em down\". He looked around the garage to observe the damage they had caused. It had been ripped apart by those raging reptilian creatures with their malevolent and destructive nature. About a quarter of an hour later Pete Fountaine arrived looking grim and unsure how to control this situation. \"So which way did they go?\" he asked. Billy replied, \"They headed towards the forests away from the town\". \"At least they won't cause to much hassle there\" Pete added, \"I think they're looking for cover, maybe find a nice spot to mulitply\" he finished. \"Shit I just remembered, Isn't there a lake somewhere in that direction?\". \"I think there is\" Pete replied \"damn we need to get on their trail quick, I'll go and get some assualt weapons, whatever I can find\". He rushed over to his car. \"I'll be right back\" he called then sped off rapidly leaving Billy and Gizmo to make their own move. Gizmo muttered something about matches, \"Good thinking Giz, you're bow and arrows, great, I'll fetch some matches\". said Billy excitedly. After gathering all their equipment for the hunt Billy and Gizmo waited patiently for Pete's return. Over half and hour passed and Billy was getting nervous so too was Gizmo who shivered and snuggled up close to Billy preparing to face the tough challenge. Gizmo also felt a little excited and Billy sensed this, it made him feel happier considering all the risks they were going to undertake. In the distance the headlights of Pete's car came into view, Billy stood up at once as Pete pulled up halfway down their street, Pete called out to them \"We're all ready to go\" and Billy climbed into the front passenger side carrying Gizmo with him. Then they began driving into the night. (Just review as normal also any ideas I would appreciate.)[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Dark Surroundings Pete drove around the Kingston Falls area. Whilst he did so he talked to Billy about everything he had ready for the gremlin hunt. \"I've got some explosives all right, mainly hand grenades and I found an assualt rifle, a couple of hunting knives and some other stuff\", he explained. Billy just looked out of the window at the streets he knew so well pondering what they had in mind. Gizmo sat silently and glanced up at Billy wide-eyed. Billy asked him if he was alright. Gizmo expressed his confidence in Billy with a warm smile. Billy returned the smile and gazed deeply into his eyes with joy. Pete continued driving and they soon left the town onto dark country roads. Pete switched on his main beams and moved up a gear picking up speed gradually, \"Bernard Butler - Stay\" began to play on the car's stereo. \"Look away Giz\" Billy told him, \"the headlights from passing cars are pretty bright\". Gizmo leaned into Billy's chest and closed his eyes as they passed several cars. After a few minutes Pete turned off onto a side road which was very narrow, he followed it as it stretched around a corner and a few bends dropping down to second gear before coming out somewhere in a clearing, beyond here was the entrance to woods spreading northwards. \"Well this is as far in as we can drive, looks like it's on foot from here\". Pete said. \"Let's get going\" he spoke promptly after switching off the stereo and cutting out the engine. Billy nodded in agreement and jumped out the vehicle with Gizmo in his arms wondering how they were going to find the escaped gremlins, knowing it had been nearly two hours since their escape. Billy, Gizmo and Pete started making tracks into the dark desolate forests, turning their heads occasionally to look out for any of them. They tredded over damp and mudded surfaces spreading out far into the unknown about a quarter of a mile through the the woods, surrounded by many thick trees with low hanging branches reaching for many miles. The wind whistled furiously as they braced the cold night outdoors. Billy pulled up his leather jacket to kept warm. Billy shone his torch out into the distance and after a short while there was movements somewhere in front of them, he shed light on the moving figure a couple of yards up ahead. His light reflected that of a large creature, then there was scuffling in the distance and what looked like a fox running from the source of light produced by Billy, looking closely he could make out tiny fragments of snow on the ground. Billy sighed with relief and kept walking forward, Pete a little more confident leading the way many yards up ahead. Billy shivered it was getting really cold, he swore he could hear something out there, long consistant howling far away \"was it a wolf?, maybe it's some other doglike creature\" Billy thought reassuringly. Looking up they could see moonlight beaming down onto them through gaps inbetween the trees, at least they had some main source of light to guide them for now anyway through the outskirts of this forest. Around him there was creaking sounds and then a sharp \"crack\". Billy flinched and took a few step backwards. Then he composed himself as he noticed Pete had walked over some twigs in front of them, now he was looking at Billy's shocked face, stifling a snigger. It was quieter now Billy could only make out the sound of rustling leaves around them. Gizmo was startled and became slightly restless, he tremored as chills went down his spine, chills that were brought on by a sense of fear about entering the unknown and he heard malicious laughter in the distance of the creatures he most feared, the creatures that had eliminated his kind, it hurt him and made him angry but they still struck enormous fear in his heart. He gripped Billy's arms tightly for comfort. Billy noticed Gizmo was hurting and petted his head soothingly whispering, \"you'll be okay\". Gizmo's thoughts of horrible events washed away and strangely he felt warmth spread through him in the most pleasant way. He began to feel deep affection for Billy. He buried his face in Billy's chest, who looked down at him suprised and gazed into his anguished eyes. Gizmo gasped, \"I love you Billy\" who replied \"Yeah me too, we'll be okay\" and he pulled Giz into his arms and gave him the biggest. warmiest, most loving hug he'd ever given him. Gizmo began to feel a lot happier. Gizmo smilied widely at Billy as he massaged his soft fur up and down. \"I'll hold you from now\" he said as they continued the perilous journey and walked onwards following Pete who pulled back waiting for them to catch up. Billy stopped for a moment and Pete called to him who was a lot further ahead of him now. \"Hey what's keeping ya\". Billy replied \"I'm a little worried about this and Gizmo was a little distressed\". \"Are you sure you're fully prepared\" he added. \"Yep\" said Pete, \"I've got hand grenades and an AK-47 assualt rifle, so we're cool. \"and I've got a flashlight\" Billy added with relief that they were equipped. \"Right I've also got something special, gas cylinders and a blowtorch to burn them gremlins out.\" \"Heh, cool\" thought Billy and they continued walking on through the woods tredding on dead leaves and rocks inbetween trees. They kept walking for what seemed like miles and Billy began to feel very cold as the breeze turned nippy. Gizmo was trembling from the freezing air and the sound of creaking noises that oscillated around this particular place, with the wind blowing a gale they drove forward in their desperate search wondering what would happen if they didn't find them soon. \"I once camped out here in the woods\" Pete said to break the silence, \"it was with the scouts and we used to have our own campfire and everything in the summertime. \"Hey you never said much about that Pete\" Billy said at once. \"Huh well long time ago I guess but you know I loved hiding behind trees when playing wide games if you ever heard of them. \"Wide games?\" Billy enquired. \"Yeah games in the dark out here in the woods, pretty cool hey, games like Kick the Bucket, so much fun it was, got to scare the hell out of all the younger kids while I was at it, then sneak into the tent of this girl I really fancied, hell yeah, great times\". Throughout all the dark Billy kept moving as quickly as his legs would allow him too, occasionally stopping to observe the surroundings to be sure they weren't being followed, they entered a heavily enclosed part of the woods away from natural lighting. After about another five minutes however Billy saw something light up in the darkness, his torch shone towards the beam of light that faded often, Billy observed that there was tree branches rustling in the breeze that was blocking the light. Billy crouched down slowly and watched, now he was focusing his dim torch light through the penetrating darkness for any sign of them. Pete was situated about a metre away from him and frowned expecting something to jump out at them for he felt that there was something watching them in the shadows. Pete examined the ground and then his eyes glittered, \"Hey Billy there's a footprint right in this spot\". \"What's it look like\" he asked nervously. \"Kinda like claws digging into the ground, webbed foot type of print\". \"They must have been around here\", Billy remarked half relieved. \"We need to find them, can you track any movements?\" Billy asked with uncertainty. \"Dunno mate, I'll see what I can do, hold on a sec\" called Pete. They kept moving on then Pete pointed something out. \"See over in that direction theres some sort of clearing, we need to edge our way into that area\". At that moment the already dim light on Billy's torch faded and then cut out plunging Billy and Pete into darkness. Billy flicked the power. Nothing. \"The batteries must have run out\" he thought as he wondered what to do next. \"Gizmo can you guide me through the darkness?\" Billy asked. \"He's got better vision in the dark\", he explained to Pete. They begun to approach the glimmer of light in the distance. Gizmo squinted against the brightness, the wind blew in gusts and branches blocked out the light. Gizmo opened his eyes again and stared out into the distance guiding Billy. They stopped at a position in front of a tree, Billy slowly crouched down and made himself flat on the ground keeping an eye out for the beam, Gizmo leaped close to him. Billy moved forwards crawling further out towards the light, \"Don't leave me Billy\" Gizmo cried. \"I won't Giz\" Billy breathed, \"just stay covered in the grass.\" \"You're not going far are you?\" Gizmo asked tentatively. \"No I'll be close by don't panic buddy everything's cool\". Gizmo crawled on his belly over to some grass and hid himself among them, his fur sticking up in the air as he lay in the clearing. Gizmo breathed in the scent of fresh daffodils smiling, but kept watching closely for anything unusual. Billy found a spot behind a large rock and Pete slid down behind a bush, they laid down on the ground waiting and waiting. Then there was another flicker of light and a largish factory type building came into focus it looked a long shot off but Billy thought they might have to have a look round, after all those creatures could had been dragging themselves around this area. Billy glanced at Pete and wondered if they should make an approach.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 A Hideout in the Woods Pete slowly crawled forward towards the light keeping down as much as he could. Billy stayed where he was, waiting for Pete to decide how to reach it without being seen. Gizmo scraped across the rough ground quickly to reach Billy. \"Billy\" he whinged as he made it half way across the trees. He scudded across and picked Giz up putting him into his backpack. Gizmo made himself cosy and then peered over the half open bag in front of Billy and looked puzzled. \"Billy we have to get in there, I hear some of them critters around here somewhere.\". \"Yes I know Pete\" he replied. Pete made himself as low as possible and navigated through the trees. Billy with Gizmo closely followed him. Pete drew his pistol, \"In case I need it\" he stated. Pete dashed through the trees, there was a wild aggresive snarl and Pete dived to the ground, rolling over and reaching for his gun. A gremlin dived on top of him, Pete grappled with him trying to pull him off but it gripped Pete tightly, Pete rolled over again then gave it a body shot with his bare knuckles. Stunned the creature struggled and growled viciously, showing his sharp wide fangs but then Pete booted him in the side of the face, dived on him and held the gun to his head releasing the trigger, \"Bang\". The gremlin slumped sideways after the blast. Pete gathered himself from the floor gasping, \"Close call\" and spitting on the ground next to the creature. The gremlin had left a small gash on the side of his ear. Billy and Gizmo were shaking but now sighed with relief having escaped that tussle. Pete tossed his pistol to Billy and said \"I'm getting into that place somehow\". They were now about a hundred yards from it and the light came into view again. It was a normal lamp light, some sort of signal directing to this building that was right in front of them. Pete charged aimlessly towards the building, he positoned himself behind a rock and his eys shot towards the facility, he was now within about a few metres away. He waited patiently and Billy edged closer towards him. \"Wish I still had a crowbar\" Billy remarked, \"Yeah would have been useful in this situation\" Pete added. Pete hit the dirt and crawled over to the gutter and began mounting the pipes. Billy watched from a distance as Pete grabbed the vent, then using a clawhammer he began to wrench out the nails keeping it in place and then launched it over the roof. Taking a few moments to regain his breath Pete slid into the shaft and began crawling along the narrow vent into the coal black darkness. \"You cumin\" he yelled from inside the vent and Billy mounted the guttering himself, Gizmo clinging onto to him as tightly as he could. Billy scaled the upper wall and spun round facing the entrance. Pete gestered to him and he lowered himself straight in. \"I ain't got a torch how the hell we meant to see\" Pete sighed heavily. He traced his fingers around the edges of the vent and slowly pushed himself forwards. Billy following behind with Gizmo telling him it was okay to keep moving. After a short while, Gizmo pointed out a cross section in the vent. Pete spotted it through the darkness and slowed down and positioned himself accordingly to feel his way around, Billy followed with Gizmo accompaning him. As Pete looked on up ahead dim red lights came into view below them was grates that would allow them to jump out of the vent. Pete pointed this out to Billy who was getting slightly exasperated having been moving through such a tight space. He was relieved to see some light. Pete got his wrench ready to smash the hatch open as he approached it however there was a sudden commotion from below. A loud noise of breaking glass and then a raspy growl, followed by distant footsteps. Billy exchanged nervous glances with Gizmo, what the hell was going on down there? \"Right I'm going first\" Pete said, grasping the clawhammer in both hands, tensing his muscles he pulled out the nails, then the grate fell through. Pete slowly lowered himself out of the vent and dropped to the ground, Billy followed reluctantly. As he fell out of the vent Billy looked around immediately. Gizmo rested his paw on Billy's shoulder. \"We'll survive I'm sure\" Billy told him and he then checked his pockets for some matches, yes he had them. He stepped confidently towards the door opposite side of the room they were in. It seemed a small rusty room with crates loaded up onto shelves, and above them the ventalation system that linked with the entire complex. \"I've never seen this place before Billy, what you reckon?\". \"I dunno but I think we shouldn't stay in one place for too long around here\" Billy replied hastily glancing down towards the door, he peered through the window it led to a huge loading bay where delivery trucks were parked up. Billy wondered what this place was meant for. Pete strided over to the door and began to pull it open, \"its locked\" he said in dismay, \"wait I think I can get this thing open\" he pullled out his blowtorch and connecting a gas canister to it, he flicked it on. A bright blue flame shot out of the nuzzle and he stood back steadily positioning the flame on the top left hand corner of the door it began burning the woodwork and pete guided it from top to bottom then worked its way back up the right hand side. With the door structurally weakend Pete put his foot through it and it fell off its hinges clearing the way from them. \"Hey nice one Pete\" said Billy impressed. They proceeded through the doorway into the main loading bay and cautiously observed the area. \"All right so where are they\" Billy wondered he needed to get hold of them soon, if only they could just trap them inside of here and find a way to kill them in numbers. There was a grunt and then a figure ran out across from a low lying object. It was one of them and it had its claws outstreched ready to attack them. Pete reacted at once grabbing his pistol and reloading it, before firing openly at the gremlin. However this one was a little too quick on the feet and it dodged all of the bullets fired from Pete's gun, frustrated Pete recklessly charged him down resulting in him nearly getting a sharp swipe across the side of the face, he leaned his head back as he saw it coming then kept up the pursuit. The gremlin was laughing evilly all the way as it welcomed the chase. Billy attempted to block off the gremlin's escape route, \"We can't let him get away y'know, cuz then they'll all know were coming for them\". Pete closed in on him and the gremlin was now pouncing on Billy who was stopping him from breaking away down a corridor, Billy braced himself and lifted up a cardboard box in defence, the gremlin leaped angrily at Billy and amazingly Billy caught him in the box as he began to steer himself away from the threat. Billy dived on top of the box containing the gremlin, to keep him from getting way who responded by rattling the box vigourously, it growled with fury and Pete came rushing over. Suddenly the gremlin sprung up and tried to do a runner Pete however fired his weapon straight in its face. \"Arrggh\" the gremlin cried collapsing on the floor and curling up into a ball with despair. \"Gotcha\" Pete barked in his best monster-like voice and he pulled out his blowtorch, \"time to put your lights out for good eh\" and he turned it on over the gremlin. \"Arrgggggh\" the gremlin shrieked as the light from the flare sent enormous pain through him, paralysing him he lay there motionless as the heat and light from the blowtorch combined penetrated him. The gremlin released its final cry, a shrill sound piercing the air before melting into a puddle of green slime. There was heart stopping silence then Pete spoke. \"Uhhh that damn noise it made there, almost deafened me\" he concluded. Well that was another one finished with what about the rest. \"You did really well there buddy\" Billy said to Pete. Gizmo glanced down horrified at what was just a minute ago a fully living gremlin, he sighed, at least he was a little safer now and Billy and Pete seemed to be getting straight over this situation. Gizmo began to wonder how long it could take, would they be there all night?, but then if they did the sunlight would be out next morning so they could destroy them all then if not now. As Pete and Billy continued their conversation he reached down in Billy's backpack and stroked the crossbow similiar to the one he had used to take down Mohawk at the Clamp Center, yes he had his weapon if he needed it, he was ready to fight the mutants of his race once again.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Vent Crawlings and Office Playgrounds Billy checked his watch it read 21:00 so it was ages until sunlight, \"about eight hours\" he thought. They had to try and do something soon. Pete rummaged around with his equipment and observed the entire space around them to get himself thinking. Billy shivered in the cold and Gizmo ruffled up close against Billy's neck. Billy was missing being at home in front of a warm fire and just thought what a nice bed there would be waiting for him to have a quiet Friday night in watching television. As his thoughts trailed off he considered the current situation, he had no choice but to be standing right here now to put an end to the menace of this new batch of gremlins. Pete stood nearby being thoughtful and closed his eyes for a moment, \"Let's get inside one of those vents, I'm freezing, It'll be warmer there\". Billy grinned, \"How thoughtful Pete\". They dragged themselves over to the hatch. It seemed like each footstep took forever as the kept pulling themselves forward. They reached the vent, Pete whacked it with the hammer. It fell through and Pete bent down low and eased himself into the ventalation shaft. Billy followed him, Gizmo kept close to Billy. Then he slowly slided through the dark passages. Billy had found a spare battery lying next to a broken container and had used it to power up his torch. He flicked the switch it was working again although the bea, was dim. Billy thought they probably wouldn't have much time left in which to crawl through these vent channels. They continued squeezing around many corners. Around them sirens blared in the distance. The strange deep harsh buzzing sound of the alarms made Billy's skin crawl. It kept ringing in his ears and he longed to find a way to cut it out. Gizmo was very annoyed and dived down into the dark lower reaches of Billy's backpack and flattened his ears. Pete grasped the side of the vent, his eyes glaring in all directions looking for a way out. He was breaking into a sweat and was burning up. \"Why is it so hot in here\" he wondered. As he turned a corner he found out why, not very far in front of them steam bellowed out of side panels blocking their route. Pete approached with caution, \"That could kill us Billy\" he said fearfully as he pressed his face up close. Pete's face was bright red and he knew he couldn't wait much longer, they're bodies would overheat, except maybe Gizmo's. They would have to either turn back or slide through past the steam pipes. Pete rummaged around for his stopwatch but couldn't find it. \"Fuck's sake someone help\" he yelled then he found it and began timing the delay of steam passage. There was about five seconds, \"I'm gonna do this\" he gasped and waited for the last spurt of steam to fire out then he crawled rapidly, breathing quickly reaching half way just in time as the tremendous heat cascaded narrowly behind him. Now he was inbetween both sets of pipes, he had to do it again, \"I'm gonna pass out\" he warned Billy. \"Come on Pete you can make it through\" he shouted back. Pete took in heavy breaths and waited for the last spurt of steam to fade then hit the floor again scraping the sides of the vent, if only they were bigger, he was so exasperated that he made it through at first without really knowing it and kept pushing every once of energy he had. Realising he was safe he stopped for a moment for a quick breather and turned around he had put a little distance between himself and the hazard but he still felt hot and weak. He slid to the floor of the vent and dragged himself slowly along. Behind him Billy was making his way across feeling roasting himself. \"Are you okay mate?\". Pete barely grunted a responce, he was feeling drowsy and his vision was blurred as he dragged himself a couple of feet onwards. Billy gasped and he scraped away from the pipes and felt weak himself as he forced himself towards Pete exposed to so much intense heat and made it to where he was. \"Hey you'll be okay won't you\" he said pulling him along as quickly as he could using all his strength he moved Pete a few yards down the vent near the exit where cool breeze was circulating. Pete began to feel better to Billy and Gizmo's relief, he sat up and Billy gave him his water bottle. \"Cheers pal wouldn't have made it without ya\". \"Well the exits just there we should be safe for now hopefully\". \"Yeah\" Pete replied and they moved on a bit further towards the light. Pete reached for his clawhammer and smashed the vent through climbing out into a corridor. Billy clambered through and jumped down. Upon making their sprint for cover however something tapped Billy on the shoulder. With absolute horror he turned round and there facing him was a gremlin. It grinned wickedly and then lamped Billy hard with its fists. Billy hit the ground and Gizmo yelped helplessly. Billy staggered uncontrollably as he jumped up off his feet. Gizmo intervened rising his bow and digging deep into Billy's backpack for an arrow. The gremlin closed in on them and then leaped at Billy trying to take his head off. Billy dodged him whilst Gizmo fired arrows at the creature but with no effect. In desperation Billy threw a box of matches into the bag. Gizmo caught them and the lit one holding the flame to the end of the arrow and fired it at the gremlin. It screamed out as the arrow painfully pierced him and then the flames tore up burning him fiercely. He gave one final cry of vengeance and then fell to the ground overpowered by the bright flames. Billy breathed silently and then grimly walked towards the nearest exit which led into an office area. Above Billy read a sign saying \"This facility is used for scientific research and development, welcome to the office complex sector\".On the door to the right of them a sign with an arrow pointing straight ahead read \"main lobby\". \"Well we now what this place is for now\" Pete declared. \"They left a trail\" Billy replied. \"Great let's move in then\". They walked around the dimly lit office blocks which despite no sign of trouble being around was still looking ravaged by the gremlins, Pete found the opportunity to think about the sheer size of this place. \"This really looks huge this facility, how come we never knew\". \"I dunno Pete it's a mystery to me anyway can't be far now\". There was three foot shadows of scurring movements in front of them, Billy didn't need to poke his head round the corner he knew what they were facing. More shadows then a small group of gremlins sprinted out in front of them wildely slamming straight into a wall. Billy responded at once flashing his torch light on the group. They squealed and shielded their eyes grabbing a few chairs thrown from a smashed office window and launching them at Billy, Gizmo and Pete. They dodged and Pete pulled out his handgun releasing a few shots that skimmed the gremlin's flesh forcing them under cover behind boxes. Pete dived down onto the floor near the boxes and sneaked up towards them ready to fire at will. One of the gremlins spotted him before he knew it and giggled mentally before whacking him hard on the head. Pete withstood the blow and reached for his gun before it slipped from his hands to unleash a few shells aiming directly at the gremlins. They slumped on their backs dead and Pete regained his composure. Billy squeezed up close behind him ready to make a further move. They trudged onwards around the next doorway into a small lobby, above them was a balcony supporting an upper floor suspended around the entire room, the upper floor led somewhere towards another dark sector. There was a cool breeze blowing around this room and Billy was glad that they were near the surface exits, the long winding corridors had made him feel enclosed and trapped underground. In the distance there was a constant dripping sound and Billy decided it was maybe a water pipe leakage, \"not good for us as it could act as a reproductive source for the gremlins\". They turned a corner and then there was a sudden crash as a group of gremlins charged at them from a distance. Billy braced himself, these guys still looked different to the ones that he attacked in his garage, but nethertheless he shown his light towards them. This did not dissuade them much at all though and they tried to tear at Billy who ducked watching them bounce over his head out of the corner of his eye. Pete fired a few rounds at them and Billy dived away from them... then Billy saw something up ahead. A crowbar was jammed right into an office door, the wood in splinters, Billy seizing the oppurtunity rushed over to it and attempted to wrench it out but... it was stiff and embedded inside the door, Pete was firing away but the gremlins were forcing him to retreat. Pete shouted \"I need some help here\" and Billy came running over grabbing a few random objects and throwing them at the gremlins. Pete continued shooting taking two of them out. Billy then discovered a broken window on the opposite side of the gangway, he dived into it finding himself in the room containing the crowbarred door, he kicked it once and was suprised by how easily it feel through. To his complete amazement and relief the crowbar came loose from the damaged door as it fell. Billy grabbed it and then charged at the gremlins as Pete was cornered off. Billy raised the crowbar and swung at one of the remaining gremlins hacking into its back, the gremlin went limp and Billy pulled out the crowbar allowing the dead gremlin to fall. Three more gremlins were still remaining and on the assualt. Pete fired his last couple of bullets at them and Billy moved in ready with the crowbar. Pete caught one of them and it staggered away stunned and Billy closed in on the startled but menacing creatures, they began to back away rapidly. Billy sped up chasing them down, there was a loud bang and some rubble fell in front of them crushing one of them and blocking the other gremlins escape. Billy closed in on them as they prepared to defend themselves, Billy taking a deep breath swung the crowbar and cracked a vicious looking one right on top of the head. Liquid oozed out of it's head and Billy struggled to pull the crowbar out, as he lowered it the other gremlin fell to the ground defenseless Billy deiced to move on as he wasn't a threat. Pete caught up behind him rearmed. \"There's an exit very close by Billy if we can clear the way I could place a few explosives in the main lobby big enough to eliminate the rest of them, but we must trap them in there first.\" Billy liked the plan the only problem they would face would be luring them in. Pete was also thinking about rigging up a device somewhere deep down to attract them towards the surface. They turned another corner not really knowing what was still in store for them. (Sorry I haven't updated in a while I've been quite busy, Please review the last few chapters and I'll continue the story before long) ","Summary":" disclaimer : I do not own gremlins or any of the characters from the films. The Adventures of Billy"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"The Accident*","Author":"ECnJessFan15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/665122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One of the \"Coyotes\" gets into a terrible accident. Will she get better and will she ever be able to work at the bar again? Background: Violet still lives in NYC and she is still dating Kevin. Her dad still lives in South Amboy, New Jersey and she visits him once a week. Violet works at the bar Monday-Saturday and on Sundays she sings at open mike nights to get her songs heard. \"Hey Cammie, pass me the coronas.\" Violet shouts to her best friend over all the noise. \"Here ya go, Vi.\" Cammie replies with no expression at all. Violet and Cammie have been best friends for almost a year now, and Violet could tell that something was wrong with her. \"Cammie, are you okay?\" Violet asks seriously, as she hands 2 guys their drinks. \"Yeah.....no....I dunno.\" Cammie replies, as she grabs another shot glass. \"Well, what can I do?\" Violet asks, looking her friend straight in the eyes. \"Just promise me that we can talk later.\" \"Sure thing, Cam.\" Violet smiles at her, and walks towards the end of the bar. \"Hey Rach, ya ready?\" \"Yea Jersey, I'm coming.\" Rachel replies, as she hops up onto the bar and motions to Zoey to put a specific song on. When the song starts, Violet and Rachel begin to sing and dance on top of the bar, while Zoey and Lil watch and clap for them. As Violet is dancing, she notices Cammie crying quietly in the corner. Violet immediatly signals to Rachel that shes taking a break, and Zoey quickly takes Violet's place as she hops onto the bar, and grabs Rachel's hand. \"Okay, Cammie, what's going on?\" Violet asks, as she takes her arm and leads her into the storage room so they can talk. \"Vi, I can't tell you!\" Cammie exclaims, as tears roll down her face. \"Cam, you can tell me anything!\" Violet assures her. \"Please, let me help you.\" \"Okay well see.....It's....umm.....\" Camme begins. \"What?\" Violet asks, growing slightly impatient. \"Violet, you have to help me please!\" Cammie cries, and she wraps her arms around her best friend's neck. \"I'm scared.\" \"Okay, Cammie....scared of what?\" Cammie wipes the tears from her eyes, and pulls up her sleeves. \"OMG!\" Violet screams.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO: Finding out the truth... \"Cammie, what happened to you?\" Violet demands forcefully, as she looks down at the scratches and bruises all over her best friends shoulders, and arms. Cammie continues crying hysterically. \"Vi, I don't think that you can help me.\" \"Well, I'm going to get Rachel or Lil then ok?\" Cammie hesitates for a minute and then nods, as her head falls into her hands. \"Please just get someone to help me.\" Cammie adds quietly, before Violet runs out of the room. \"Lil! Lil!\" Violet yells loudly. \"Geez, Jersey, what is so important?\" \"It's Cammie. She's hurt.\" \"What?\" Lil replies, confused. \"And upset...and she won't tell me what's wrong.\" Violet continues. \"She has these bruises that..... \"OH NO!\" Lil interrupts. \"I knew that it would happen again.\" \"Knew that what would....\" Violet begins to say. But Lil has already run to the other side of the bar and grabbed the microphone. \"I'm sorry everyone but we're closing now. An emergency has come up. Please come back at the normal time tommorrow.\" \"Lil, what are you doing?\" Rachel screams from on top of the bar. \"Rach, Zoey, come here.\" Lil yells at them. She isn't angry at them, just upset about Cammie. \"Lou, make sure everyone gets out of here now.\" Lil orders the security guard. Rachel and Zoey immediately jump off the bar and run towards Lil. \"What's wrong?\" Zoey asks, looking a little scared. \"Just...come with me.\" Lil replies, as she leads them towards the storage room. Violet follows them quietly. \"Cammie, what is it? What happened this time?\" Lil says, a little too quickly. Cammie continues to sob, and becomes a little embarassed because all her friends have to see her like this. \"What's wrong?\" Rachel asks, confused. \"Look.\" Lil replies, as she lifts Cammie's sleeves. \"Oh no...\" Zoey mutters quietly. \"Hey hey,\" Rachel begins to say, \"Don't jump to conclusions now, Lil.\" Violet looks confused, and sad at the same time. \"Cammie, who did this to you?\" Rachel demands. \"It...was....nobody. I just....\" Cammie begins to say. \"Cammie Michelle, if you have one decent bone in your little body, you will not lie to me right now!\" Rachel screams, getting frustrated. \"So much for not jumping to conclusions!\" Zoey giggles. Lil gives her a stern look, that basically says, shut up now. \"OKAY IT WAS AL AGAIN!\" Cammie begins to cry hard. \"Shhh....\" Rachel says, as she leans down to hug her friend. \"Cammie, this has got to stop!\" Lil announces. \"I know!\" Zoey agrees. \"You can't keep going back to him, honey.\" \"I know, but he always apologizes, and I really think he means it and he might stop eventually....\" Cammie says, wiping tears from her face. \"Cammie, you deserve so much better than that jerk.\" Rachel tells her. Cammie nods. \"But it was mostly my fault. I didn't have his dinner ready on time and...\" \"Cammie! You know that's no excuse, don't you?\" Rachel asks her. \"He has a problem~a serious one.\" Cammie nods, and bites her lip. \"Can someone fill me in?\" Violet asks sweetly. Rachel stands up, and motions to Violet to follow her. I'm going to go get you a drink, okay Cam?\" Cammie nods, and halfway smiles at Rachel as she leaves. Lil and Zoey continue to comfort Cammie. \"Who is Al? Her boyfriend?\" Violet asks, as Rachel fills up a water bottle for Cammie. \"Yeah, soon to be ex-boyfriend when I get through with him.\" Rachel says angrily. Violet giggles slightly. \"What are you going to do?\" she asks, folding her arms across her chest. \"I wish I could kill him, but we both know that I can't. Rachel says sarcastically. Violet laughs, and Rachel smiles at her. That was the first time that Violet had ever truly seen Rachel smile. \"See, Cammie and Al have been \"serious\" for about two years. A few months after they started dating, bofore you starte working here, he got drunk and beat her up pretty bad because of some silly little things that she forgot to do.\" \"Do they live together?\" Violet asks. \"Oh....no\" Rachel laughs. \"Cammie has never lived with a guy her whole life.\" Violet's eyes widen. \"Wow....I thought she....\" \"Yeah, that's what she likes to make people think. She's the \"Russian Tease\"[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3: Figuring out a plan.... \"Okay, Cam, it's really time to do something about Al.\" Rachel tells her seriously, as she hands her a water bottle. \"I know.\" Cammie replies, with most of her tears gone. \"Tommorrow I'll go to the police.\" \"You mean we'll go to the police?\" Rachel giggles. Cammie smiles and nods. Rachel, Zoey, Violet, and Lil start to walk away, when all of a sudden Cammie coughs loudly, obviously trying to get their attention again. They all turn around at the same time and look into her sparkling blue eyes. They all look at her for a moment and each get a different feeling. Lil begins to think back to the first time she met Cammie.....It was 4 years ago, and Lil and her were both models. They tied for first place in the regionals, and had to spend alot of time together for the interviews and vacations. Lil had just inherited the bar from her dad, and she knew immediatly that she wanted Cammie to work there. Out of all the \"Coyotes\", Cammie was probably the hardest worker there. She never missed a night, even when she was sick. She was a great listener, she did things when they needed to be done, she was a wonderful dancer, and she was just about the sweetest girl you could ever meet. Lil was lucky to have her. Rachel begins to think of all that her and Cammie have been through together.....Rachel had risked her life for Cammie numerous times, but she knew that it was worth it. Cammie could give advice about anything, and she never judges anyone ever. She is always honest, and she makes everyone laugh. Cammie just loves life. Rachel didn't normally have friends like her, but when she found Cammie, she knew that they were gonna be friends for a long time. One time that Rachel will remember forever is when Cammie told her that she felt like she finally had an older sister now. (Cammie was an only child and it was hard for her growing up with no one close to her age to talk to) It was a few weeks after they had met (They first met at the bar) and in those few weeks, Rachel had saved Cammie from making a terrible mistake with a guy she didn't even know, pushed her out of the way from a car, and helped her finish getting her college degree. Rachel took care of Cammie, and protected her, but Cammie's job in the friendship was more important to Rachel. She took the time to listen, understand, and think about Rachel and her problems. It was something that Rachel had never had, but she needed it. She needed Cammie. Zoey begins to think about all the fun that she and Cammie have had together over the years. One of their best times was, sneaking out of the bar early to go on blind dates with some twins that they had been set up with by a mutual friend. Another time, her and Cammie had flown to Las Vegas. It was a spur of the moment kind of thing, but they gambled and stayed out all night, one of the craziest things that either of them had ever done. Cammie was the sweetest, most understanding, and most fun person that Zoey had ever met. Zoey got so much of her energy and heart from Cammie. Violet had only known Cammie for almost a year, but still she felt as if Cammie had been with her a lifetime. They had so much in common, and had so much fun together. And Violet never forgot the night that she first started working at the bar. Cammie had shown her how to do everything, and even encouraged her to start singing her own songs. Cammie was more than just a best friend for Violet, she was an inspiration. \"Could I go home with one of you tonight?\" Cammie asks shyly. \"I don't want Al to come over and...\" \"Don't worry Cammie.\" Rachel assures her. \"Al did this to you tonight, but he is NOT going to come back tonight and do it again, ok?\" \"How do you know?\" Cammie asks, as tears begin to sting her eyes. \"I just know that he won't.\" \"Okay.\" Cammie stutters, not very convinced. \"Well, Rach, better safe than sorry.\" Lil tells her. \"She's right, Rach.\" Zoey says. \"Well, I have to go to an anger management class from 6-8 in another city, so I won't be going home.\" Rachel tells her. \"Could one of you take her with you?\" \"I would let you come with me, but I'm not going home either.\" Violet announces. \"Kevin's?\" Zoey laughs. Violet smiles and nods. Zoey laughs back, and shakes her head. \"Lil?\" \"I'm not going home either. I gotta clean up around here and go restock. We're out of everything, and I always go shopping on Fridays.\" \"Zoey?\" Rachel asks hopefully. \"Sorry, but I'm driving back tonight. I got classes in the morning.\" Rachel sighs. \"Well Cammie, it's 4:00 AM now. Why don't you go to your place and sleep, and me and Rach will pick you up for breakfast at the diner in the morning at 9. Is that okay?\" Violet asks. Cammie nods, but she is obviously still a litte scared. \"Well, I guess you could come with me to my class...\" Rachel says, wanting Cammie to be happy and feel safe. \"No way Rach.\" Lil answers. \"She needs to sleep.\" \"You're right.\" Rachel replies. \"Cammie, just go get some sleep and clean up. Violet and I will be there to pick you up in 5 or 6 hours.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" Cammie replies sweetly. \"I'm sure I'll be fine.\" A few minutes later, Lil puts her in a cab and sends her home.....[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4: Trouble......[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5: What Happened?[Chapter 6] CHAPTER 6: Finding Cammie....[Chapter 7] CHAPTER 7: The Hospital..... * Sorry I didn't do this earlier but I don't own Violet, Cammie, Lil, Zoey, Rachel, Kevin, or Al. I do own made-up characters that I choose to add. I don't know what Cammie's last name is so I just made one up for her. Cammie's past is also made up.[Chapter 8] CHAPTER 8: Seeing Cammie....[Chapter 9] CHAPTER 9: Is she okay? The next day..... \"Hey, Rach, I need the scotch bottle.\" Violet says glumly. Rachel slowly hands it to her, as she takes another man's order. \"I'll have a glass of water please.\" He says politley. Rachel hands him his water. \"It's on the house.\" she says with no expression at all. Zoey quickly turns her head and blinks her eyes to make sure that she saw what she thought she did. \"Rach? You're supposed to...\" \"I know, Zoey!\" Rachel snaps. \"I'm just not really into it right now.\" Zoey nods. \"I understand.\" Violet approaches Zoey and Rachel, and all three girls put their elbows on the bar and close their eyes. They're exhausted, and upset, and Lil knows it. \"Okay, girls.\" Lil says, as she comes up to them. \"One dance and we're closing.\" The girls nod, and hop onto the bar. Somehow they get through the dance, and then Lil announces that they have to close for a few days. The girls hear a few grunts and screams from the crowd, but nothing, not even Lil's business, is more important than Cammie right now. ********************************** Three days later.....For the past three days, the girls have gone to visit Cammie. They talk to her everyday, but she still hasn't responded. ************************************* \"Hey Vi, ready to go?\" Rachel calls from outside her apartment door. Violet opens the door, with her pajamas still on, her hair pulled up in a messy ponytail, and her make-up totally smeared. She noticed that Rachel was wearing a light blue shirt and blue jeans, which was really rare for her(her normal color was black). Her eyes didn't look at all puffy or red anymore, and she almost sounded cheerful. \"Violet!\" Rachel exclaims. \"We have to be at the diner in 10 minutes to meet Lil and Zoey for breakfast! You're not even halfway ready!\" \"Well, I just won't go then.\" Violet mumbles, as she grabs a handful of cereal from the box that she was holding. \"Jersey, look, I know it's going to be hard eating at the diner without Cammie, but we'll get through it, right?\" Violet smiles slightly, and flips her hair. \"Yeah, maybe you're right. Cammie wouldn't want us to just give up our lives while she's sick....I mean....hurt.\" \"Exactly. Now get dressed before I really get mad!\" Rachel giggles. \"Oh, did I mention that we're going to visit Cammie afterwards? I got a call from the doctor last night and she is doing a lot better!\" \"Wow!\" Violet screams excitedly. \"Really! Rach, that's awesome! So does that mean that she's going to be okay?\" Rachel nods. \"She's got an 80% chance of living now, and we know Cammie. It will keep going up!\" Violet giggles, and her entire attitude changes, as she rushes into her bedroom and gets changed in less than two minutes. Violet and Rachel immediatly hurry down to Rachel's car, trying their very best to act happy. **************************************** \"Hey you guys!\" Lil calls out to Rachel and Violet, as they walk through the double doors to the small diner, across from the bar. Rachel and Violet wave, and take a seat at their normal table. \"Hey Zoey! It's so cool to have you back in town for awhile!\" Rachel says sweetly. \"Yeah, well, don't get used to it honey. When Cammie gets well, I have to start school again!\" Zoey giggles. All through breakfast each girl takes their turn looking at the empty chair, that would normally be Cammie's, and then quickly looking away. They all eat fairly quickly, so they can rush to the hospital. They arrive there at about 11:15 AM. *************************************** The Doctor is waiting for them outside of Cammie's door. \"Well? How is she?\" Rachel asks hopefully. \"She is defiantly going to be okay but she....\" The girls start screaming and hugging and laughing, and the doctor just smiles at them. \"She still hasn't said anything, but she did wake up for a few minutes this morning.\" \"OMG! That's great!\" Rachel smiles. \"Can we see her now?\" Violet asks. The doctor laughs. \"Of course, go right in.\" The girls giggle softly, and walk into Cammie's room. She has obviously been cleaned, her hair is brushed, most of the tubes are gone, she still has bruises but they seem to be getting better. \"Hi, Cammie.\" The girls say in unison. They wait for a reply, but nothing happens. \"Cammie, can't you just please open your eyes?\" Rachel asks, as she begins to cry softly. They all stare at her and nothing happens. They just shrug, and Violet sits down in a chair. \"Wanna know what happened to Rachel last night?\" Violet giggles, and Zoey smiles. \"NO!\" Rachel laughs, as her tears begin to disappear. (The girls had been telling Cammie about things that had happened lately so that she wouldn't feel left out from their lives) \"Well, we were walking home from the bar and this guy came up to us, and asked us where the \"Caliente Cafe\" was. Zoey's apartment is over that way, so she said she would show him. Then the guy looked at Rachel, and said \"I wish that this hott looking girl would show me...\" The girls all laugh, except for Rachel. \"And then she punched him, grabbed us, and ran!\" Zoey giggles. Lil laughs hysterically. \"How come I haven't heard about that yet.\" \"Because I told them that if they told anyone, I would kill them!\" Rachel exclaims angrily, as she glares at Violet and Zoey. They smile sweetly at her. \"Oh well!\" They say together. Rachel shakes her head and smiles. \"Cammie, we just came by to make sure that you were okay, and you seem to be doing a lot better. We will let you rest now, and come see you tonight.\" Rachel explains, as the girls get up to leave. \"You wanna go to the mall?\" Zoey asks the girls on the way out. \"Yeah, we could go to that new store that has the...\" Violet starts to reply. \"Wait.\" A voice calls. All the girls turn around in shock. \"CAMMIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" They scream, as they run over to her. \"P-Please....do-don't.....go.\" She stutters. \"Aw...we won't leave you, we promise.\" Violet says sincerely, as she hugs her. \"Cammie, I'm so glad that you're okay.\" Rachel says, as she kisses the top of her head. Cammie takes a deep breath, as each of her friends gives her a hug and a kiss. She feels safe again. \"I.....I....lik....liked...your story, Rach.\" Cammie giggles, as best as she can.\" \"See! It was a good idea to tell her!\" Violet laughs. Rachel laughs back, and grabs Cammie's hand. \"So, do you really feel better?\" Cammie nods. \"I....just don't want.....you guys to.....l-leave me a-anymore. When I was going home alone, I felt so scared and....\" \"Well, don't worry.\" Rachel assures her. \"You're going to move back in with me, and I'll never let you out of my sight!\" Cammie smiles. \"T-Thanks...Rach.\" \"We really need you back at the bar!\" Lil exclaims. \"You should have see these helpless girls last night without you!\" \"It's nice....t-to feel wanted.\" Cammie smiles, that gorgeous smile, that makes all the girl's days better. \"You're always wanted with us.\" Zoey says, with a smile. All of a sudden, the doctor comes in. \"Cammie! You're talking! That's great.\" \"Yeah, t-thanks...for all you're h-help.\" She manages to get out. \"No problem. There is someone here to see you.\" \"I think it's probably Kevin.\" Violet giggles, as she rises from her chair. \"He says his name is Al....\" The doctor replies, as the girls sink low into their chairs, and Cammie's eyes get wide, and begins breathing hard. Note: I haven't been getting alot of reviews lately. I'm not going to post the next chapter until I get 22 reviews so please review after you read this. Thanks.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Al ","Summary":" One of the \"Coyotes\" gets into a terrible accident. Will she get better and will she ever be able"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins III","Author":"Ilteren","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4384455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] GREMLINS GREMLINS 3 BynIlteren Prologue \"Everybodynhas a story to tell, I'm no different, though my story may be anlittle weirder than most. You may have already heard my father'snstory; my story takes place twenty one years later.\" Itnall began in China Town, but it led to the destruction of my smallntown, Kingston Falls. By the end, the theatre had blown up, the banknwas ransacked, the whole town was in ruins, even Kate's Bar burnedndown, but all of that is another story entirely. Mynstory deals with Gizmo, let me tell you about Gizmo. Gizmo is anmogwai, what is a mogwai you ask, good question really, haven'tnfigured that out yet I can tell you what Gizmo looks like. He'snsmall, about the size of a basketball, basic human shape but furry.nHe has brown and white fur and fleshy ears and hands. Big expressiveneyes and a rounded mouth make him excruciatingly cute. You wouldnnever guess by looking at him that he could be the cause of so muchntrouble. Now before I get on with the story let me fill you in on thenground rules for mogwai, they are very important. 1.nThey hate bright light, it hurts them and direct sunlight will killnthem. 2.nDon't get them wet. Don't give them a bath; don't even giventhem water to drink. Water makes them multiply and you won't likenthe results. 3.nThe most important. Don't ever, ever feed them after midnight. Nonmatter how much they scream, no matter how much they beg. If a mogwaineats after midnight it will change, transform, into something whollynmischievous and evil, a Gremlin. Gremlinsncan be anywhere from two to four feet tall, they are black and greennand covered with scales. They have long pointed ears and their mouthsnare full of razor sharp teeth. Deadly claws are attached to longnlimbs. They are swift, agile, curiously strong and vicious. They lovento cause mayhem, and tamper with anything mechanical or electrical.nNow about twenty one years after our first encounter with gremlins,nI'm back in Kingston Falls. That's where my story begins. \"Billy,nHon, can you help me with this luggage\" yelled Kate as she tried tonhaul in two large overstuffed duffle bags by herself. \"Sure,nBabe\" came the reply. Billy ran up to her and grabbed one of thenbags. \"Sorry about that, dad has been asking a lot of questions,nlike where are we gonna sleep and where are we gonna put our stuff.\" \"WellnI don't blame him for being a little worried; his life has justnbeen turned upside down. He must be going through hell after losingnyour mother.\" They put the bags in the living room and start backntoward the car for more luggage. \"Yeah,nbut he seems more that just worried. He doesn't let on but I thinknhaving Gizmo back in the house is really bothering him.\" \"Itnbothers me too, it always has.\" \"Inknow, but we've taken care of him for this long. I like to thinknwe've become sort of experts at it.\" he said. \"Yeahnbut it only takes one small accident, one stray drop of water to makenthings go from bad to worse.\" she scolded \"Butnwe can't get rid of him!\" he cried. \"Ofncourse we can't get rid of him. He's safer with us than withnanybody else. But also I've grown attached to him, no matter hownmuch he scares me I love the little guy.\" They dropped another pairnof bags in the living room floor when Rand Peltzer, Billy's fatherncame in carrying Gizmo. \"Incan't believe how much I missed this little fella\" he said as henpoked and tickled gizmo. Like Billy and Kate, Rand had aged. He hadnmore than a few wrinkles and his neck sagged; he also sported a fullnhead of gray hair. Gizmo on the other hand had not aged a day and wasnstill as cute as ever. \"HinBilly\" squeaked Gizmo. \"Hi,nBuddy. Are you having fun with Dad?\" Gizmo nodded emphatically. \"HeynDad, I was thinking me and Kate would just move into my old room innthe attic, that way there's no need to bother your room or thenstudy.\" \"Soundsngood to me. Hey did I show you my new invention? I started working onnit when I realized you were coming back.\" Rand rushed to his studynand came back holding something behind his back He then revealed tonthem a large hollow plastic ball. \"Ta-da, I got the idea from thensmaller ones they make for hamsters. This one is made from a specialnplastic that won't let harmful sun rays through.\" \"Ahncool Dad he's gonna love this.\" \"Indon't get it\" Kate said. \"It'snfor Gizmo, babe. With this he's gonna be able to run around outsidenwithout worrying about sunlight.\" \"Oh,ncool.\" \"It's also waterproof in case of any accident.\" Randnexplained. \"Uh,nDad. If it's waterproof doesn't that mean it's also airproof?\"nBilly said. Rand responded to this question with dumbfounded silence,na \"deer in headlights\" expression on his face. Justnthen there was a knock at the door, everybody turned to see who itnwas because the door was still open. In the doorway stood an Asiannman of about thirty two. He wore a business suit and carried anbriefcase in one hand. He stood there a moment staring in awe atnGizmo. \"CannI help you\" asked Billy. The Asian man came to and apologized. \"Excusenme; I just never expected to see Gizmo again.\" Itnwas Billy's turn to be confused, how did this man know Gizmo? \"Whonare you?\" Billy asked. \"Inam Jonathan Tao, Gizmo there used to belong to my Uncle.\" At this anspark of recognition crossed Rand's face, he quickly introducednhimself. \"Hi,nI'm Rand Peltzer; I believe we've met before?\" \"Yes,nI remember. You're the man I sold Gizmo to; I was not very wisenback then.\" \"What are you doing here?\" asked Rand. \"Wellnin a way my visit concerns Gizmo.\" \"Youndon't want him back do you?\" questioned Billy. \"No,nin fact I believed him to be dead from that accident in New Yorknuntil I saw him here,\" But no I do not wish for the responsibilitynof taking care of him.\" \"Sonthen, what?\" Jonathannset his briefcase down and opened it. \"Beforenmy uncle died he entrusted me with a wealth of information regardingnthe mogwai and their offspring. After the accident here Gizmo wouldnstop talking about you, so my uncle told me that if I should evernfind you I should pass this information to you because you are thenone person he believed who could handle it\" Jonathannhanded Billy a large binded book, on the cover were lettersnunrecognizable by the group. \"Hownam I supposed to read it, I don't know this language.\" Billynobserved. \"Mynuncle had the foresight to prepare notes for you.\" Henhanded Billy a stack of papers five inches thick. Billy's armsnsagged under the combined weight. \"Itnwill take me months to go through all this.\" \"ThennI suggest you get started; only knowledge will avail you when caringnfor a mogwai. As for me, I have to leave. I have important businessnto attend to. I wish you good luck on your ventures, goodbye.\"nJonathan yelled as he rushes out the door leaving them all standingnbewildered.[Chapter 2] GREMLINS ThenFutterman's house was bigger than what it used to be. New additions,nnow years old, could be told apart from the old original framework.nAfter gremlins drove his tractor through his front door, MurraynFutterman decided it was time for some remodeling anyway. Murray hadnalso lost his wife, also tragically to cancer. Because of theirnsimilar experiences and losses, Rand and Murray quickly becamenfriends. Billy now found himself and Gizmo sitting in Mr. Futterman'snden listening to the two elderly men ramble on about \"old times\". \"Inremember my first date at that movie house, we saw King Kong. I wasnmore excited with the WWI bi-planes at the end of the movie than Inwas with my date. Murray laughed \"It's a shame that it's gonennow, you sure you had to destroy it Billy?\" \"I'mnsure Mr. Futterman; I don't think I had a choice in the matter. \"Ohnwell, what's past is past. I'll tell you what thought, it'sngood seeing this little ball of fluff again.\" He said as henplayfully poked Gizmo. \"Just so long as there ain't any morentrouble poppin' out of 'em. \"Therenwon't be, Billy has got a good handle on the situation now, don'tnyou Billy?\" Rand asked. \"Restnassured, Mr. Futterman,\" Billy said, \"No more little greennmonsters.\" Billyncarried Gizmo out to the car in his backpack since there was stillnsome daylight peaking through the evening clouds. Mr. Futtermannfollowed them out to the car. As Billy got in Murray chimed in with \"Andnif you're ever in trouble, Billy, come to me, I've been makingnsure those bastards don't get the drop on me again.\" \"Whatevernyou say Mr. Futterman, we'll see you next week.\" \"Bye,nMurray,\" Rand yelled. Byenguys\" Murray yelled as they drove away. Theynmet up with Kate back at home. Kate had just gotten back fromnshopping when the guys pulled up. She was excited to show off a newntoy she got for Gizmo. \"It'sna video game, Gizmo. See, you use this stick to touch the screen andnyou can play games. Cool, huh?\" Kate said as she tried to shownGizmo how it worked. Henwas soon fully addicted to it. They all laughed as they watched himnget upset after losing a game. Soon they were all off to bed, butnGizmo was restless, he still wanted to play with his new toy. He gotnup and went downstairs to get his game. He was standing on the dinnerntable about to play when the front door slowly opened. Three shadowynfigures slipped inside and started piling stuff into bags. One ofnthem stopped cold when he notices Gizmo. \"Whatnthe hell,\" he half whispered. Backnin the bedroom Kate woke Billy up. \"Didnyou hear something?\" she asked. Billy looked up and noticed gizmonwas gone. He got up and went downstairs thinking it was probablynnothing, just Gizmo wanting to play his game on the table. \"Hey!\"nHe shouted. But the closest one had already grabbed Gizmo and thrownnhim into a bag. They were gone out the door in seconds. Billy rannafter them but lost sight of them in the night. \"Damn!\"nhe breathed. Thenbasement of the old burnt down bar was dark and damp. The bar abovenhad been long gone, a storage facility now sitting in its place. Theyncome in fuming. \"Whatnthe hell man? We've been scouting that place for weeks and now it'snblown because of some stinking pet, where did that thing come fromnanyway?\" one said. \"Hellnif I know, Buck was supposed to be doing the scoutin'.\" anothernreplied. \"Wellnwhat the hell are we supposed to do now? It's not like we can trynto rob the place again.\" the first one said. \"Ofncourse not you idiot\" the second replied again. \"Heynguys look what I got.\" said the one called Buck as he held up Gizmonby the ears. \"Hey Fred, maybe we can put that up for ransom,\"nsaid the first. \"Boy,nyou really are stupid. Tell me, Derek, when did we go from pettynthieves to kidnappers? Said Fred. \"I'mnjust sayin'.. Ah, you ain't sayin' nothing'. We need to sleepnon this, give that thing some water for the night and let's go.\"nAs the other two left Buck filled a bowl up with water and slid itntowards Gizmo. The water thrashed about and some of it spilled ontonthe floor, the puddle covered Gizmo's feet and he started to panicnand scream. Buck hesitated for a second then shrugged his shouldersnand ran to catch up with the other two. Latenat night there was a knock at Murray Futterman's door. Murraynopened one eye and peeked at the clock, 1:30 , \"Whatnthe hell?\" he thought. Hengot up and put his robe on and slowly made his way to the door, KnocknKnock Knock… \"Holdnon, hold on,\" he yelled. He opened the door and was shocked to seenBilly and Rand standing there. \"Mr.nFutterman we need your help, something has happened to Gizmo.\" Gizmonrolled and pounded on the floor in pain and agony. He knew what wasnhappening and he also knew it would only get worse. His back feltnlike it had been torn open then melted away. The first pop came,nGizmo flinched in fear more that pain, though it hurt like hell. Thennthe second pop, followed by three consecutive fast pops. The tinynballs of fur landed around Gizmo in a semi-circle. The fur ballsngulped and sloshed, sounding as if they were making a feast of thendrops of water that spawned them, growing steadily bigger. The firstnone stood, it had black fur and pointy ears. All over its body therenrose spikes of white hair. The second one stood, it had black skinnand dark brown fur except for on his chin where a twisted goatee ofnwhite hair protruded. The last three all stood at the same time, allnhad black fur except for the hair on their faces which took shape ofnsideburns, mutton chops , and a wild Fu-man-chu mustache. Theynquickly advanced on Gizmo and had him surrounded. Goatee sniffed thenair, his attention was drawn to a cooler in the corner of the room.nHe left and quickly came back, his arms full of chips and sodas. Theynformed a tight circle around gizmo and feasted, they would not allownhim to pass. Gizmo shivered in terror as he watched, he knew itnwouldn't be long before he was surrounded by cocoons.[Chapter 3] GREMLINS MurraynFutterman walked quickly to his rec room, Billy and Rand followingnclosely behind. \"Andnhow long has he been gone?\" he asked. \"Aboutnan hour, it was midnight when he was taken.\" answered Billy. \"Wenmight be ok if we can find him, unless these morons try to feed himnor give him water or something.\" Randnobserved \"Well I've made sure I'm ready if anything happens.\"nMurray said as he pulled a large metal case from a cabinet. \"Intrust both of you have experience in small arms.\" \"Indo, replied Rand.\" \"I'vennever held a gun in my life.\" came Billy's answer. \"Wellnyou're about to, here.\" Murray handed Billy a small Glock 9mm andnas extra clip. \"You get rubber bullets Billy, I don't know if youncan handle live ammo yet.\" explained Murray. \"Willnit be enough?\" \" Dependingnon your aim, a shot to the head should knock one out.\" \"Okay\" \"HerenRand, I know you'll like this.\" Murraynhanded Rand an old wild west .38 Revolver and a handful of ammo. \"Ohnyeah, good times!\" exclaimed Rand. \"Asnfor me, I've got Betty.\" Murraynpulled out one last large box. \"Betty?\"nasked Billy. \"Coltn.45 1911, I've had her since Nam, she's seen me through a lot ofnshit.\" explained Futterman. Nextnhe went to a utility chest in the corner, He talked as he handed outnflashlights. \"Evennif something bad has happened I doubt we'll see any action tonight.nIt takes them about twenty four hours to change right?\" \"About.\" \"Wellnthen, if bad things move quickly then we don't have anything majornto worry about until tomorrow night.\" Theynall finished preparing and started to leave. \"Wenshould start back at the house, they might have left somethingnbehind.\" Rand said. \"Maybe,nbut we know which direction they were headed, right Billy?\" askednMurray. \"Yeah,nthey ran directly toward town.\" \"Letnme make some calls, I think I have a good idea of where they're at.nYou guys go home and get some rest, I have a feeling that hard timesnare ahead of us.\" \"What?nYou mean we aren't going now?\" I'm not gonna feel right sittingnon my ass while who knows what is happening to Gizmo.\" \"Takenit easy Billy rushing off half cocked isn't going to help anybody.nGo get some rest, tomorrow we'll have all the information we neednto help Gizmo.\" Gizmonhuddled in the corner, terrified. The other mogwai had fallennunconscious in different places around the room. When Gizmo wasnconvinced that they were not going to wakeup he walked up to them.nTheir ears were covering their eyes and they felt slimy. Gizmonrecognized it as the beginning of the pupil stage, soon they would bengremlins. Gizmonstarted searching the room for something he could use against them,nbut he was unable to find anything. He also realized that he wasnstuck in here. There was no visible way out except for a steel trapndoor in the ceiling, which was too heavy for him to lift by himself.nHe finally settled back down in the corner, all there was to do thennwas wait. Billynlaid back in his bed. He knew he wouldn't be getting any sleepntonight, not with his best friend missing. Kate walked in, she wasnwearing a robe and a towel was wrapped around her head. She had justngotten out of the shower. \"Intalked to Mr. Clamp today, honey.\" She said. \"Ohnyeah, what did he have to say?\" asked Billy. \"Well,nhe very quickly congratulated us on the move and the pregnancy. Toldnus we could take as much time off as needed. Then he started to rantnand ramble on something to do with satellites and the prolongednhappiness of the residents of Clamp Corners. I sort of zoned outnthrough that part.\" She admitted. \"ClampnCorners.\" Billy thought. It was Mr. Clamp's venture to try andncapitalize on small town living. Billy inadvertently gave him thenidea when Mr. Clamp saw a painting of Kingston Falls that he hadndone. But Clamp was too much of a techno-capitalist to keep thingsnsmall. Almost every day the company would get complaints from thenresidents at Clamp Corners that something was going haywire ornglitching in one of the towns \"Homes of the future\". \"Heynbabe, we really need to talk.\" Billy said \"Uhnoh, that never leads to a good conversation.\" She sat down on thenbed. \"Whennwe go out to find Gizmo tomorrow, I want you to be ready to get outnof here.\" If worse come to worse you don't need to be here.\" hensaid \"I'mnnot going to abandon you, I've fought those things just as much asnyou have. If things do go bad I can help.\" she reasoned. \"It'sntoo dangerous, honey. It's not just you anymore, it's the babyntoo. Promise me that you'll get out of here at the slightest hintnof trouble.\" \"Ok,nI promise.\"[Chapter 4] GREMLINS Katenwoke up and was surprised to find Billy at his desk pouring over thenbook and notes he had been given by John Tao. \"Morningnhoney. Hey this stuff is really interesting. I'm sorry I didn'tnstart reading it earlier. Did you ever guess how old Gizmo is?\" \"Non\", she said groggily, indifferent to his wired state. \"Wellnaccording to these notes, he could be over a thousand years old.\"nShe awoke at this \"Really?\" \"Yeah,nreally, it's amazing!\" Katenclosed her eyes and tried to go back to sleep. She stirred when shenfelt a presence hovering over her. Billy was standing over her, booknand notes in hand. \"Hey,nwhat do you make of this?\" He showed her a picture in the book andnsome notes. Thenpicture was of a Gremlin with an arrow next to it pointing to anMogwai, and the notes said \"Mogwai-Iawgom-Reverse/use \"Kama\" ofnBean.\" Shensat straight up in bed and looked at the picture closely. \"Inthink it means the transformation can be reversed.\" \"Thatnwould be useful.\" \"Yeah,nbut what does this mean \"Kama\" of Bean?\" \"Holdnon , let me check.\" Billy grabbed another stack of papers, henflipped thought them until he found what he was looking for. \"Asnfar as I can tell \"Kama\" means \"Curd\". \"Curdnof Bean.\" What the hell is that?\" \"Indon't know.\" Billy spent most of that day studying the book andnnotes until he was so tired he couldn't stay up any longer. Itnseemed as soon as he laid his head down there was a knock at thendoor. It was Rand. \"Murraynjust called, he thinks he knows where Gizmo is at, and he wants us tonmeet him at his house in an hour.\" \"Whatntime is it?\" \"10npm., get ready, I have a feeling we've got a long night ahead ofnus.\" Buck,nDerek and Fred entered the storage room. Derek reached above his headnand turned the light on. A dim yellowish glow filled the empty room. \"Sonit's settled. We're just gonna leave the damn thing on theirndoorstep, knock, and run.\" said Fred. \"YeahnI guess, but I don't like it. We wouldn't even have this problemnif Buck hadn't snatched it in the first place.\" Derek said ,as henopened the steel trap door that was hidden in the back corner of thenroom. They continued to argue as they headed down the stairs into thenbasement. \"HolynShit!\" Fred yelped. Dereknlost his balance and tumbled down the stairs. He hit the coldnconcrete floor and landed on his stomach. He swore under his breath,nopened his eyes and froze. Just inches from his face was a large eggnshaped….thing. Derek's curiosity got the better of him and henmoved his arm to touch it. \"Whatnis it Derek?\" asked Buck Derek ran his fingers across the outside.nIt felt slimy. When he pulled his hands away trails of mucous stucknto his fingertips. \"Ugh!\"nA large, scaly, clawed hand burst through and grabbed Derek's face.nThe cocoon burst open, out of it stood Spike the Gremlin. Spike wasnnow three feet tall and dark green. The puffed white spikes of hairnthat once covered his body had been replaced by long black bonynspikes. A tail swung slowly behind him, a single curved spikensticking out of the end. Fred and Buck screamed and turned to runnback up the stairs. At the top stood Goatee, blocking their path.nGoatee stood four feet tall, the tallest of the gremlins. Hisnscales were pitch black, and the facial hair that had been his namensake was now two large, twisted, white bones. Goatee laughed and shutnthe steel door behind him. Gizmo watched in terror from the darkncorner, he was hidden for now. Billynand Rand pulled up to Murray's house. They got out of the car andnstarted toward the front door. \"Heyndad, have you ever heard of Curd of Bean?\" \"What?\" \"Curdnof Bean.\" \"The Mogwai book says it has the power to change angremlin back into a mogwai.\" \"Thatnwould be useful, but I have no idea what \"Curd of Bean\" is.\" Randnknocked on the door, Murray answered seconds later. \"I'llnbe just a minute, I have a few last minute preparations.\" Murraynsaid. \"Whatnhave you been doing all day?\" Billy asked. \"Gatheringninformation, making preparations, plans.\" Theynfollowed him into his Rec room. \"Plansnfor what?\" Futtermannpulled a tactical shotgun off a rack and started looking at it. \"Firstntwo rounds are bean bags, third is double ought buck shot, and lastnis a slug.\" Murraynthen showed them a small gun he had strapped to his side. \"Thisnis a tranq gun, should be enough to put one out for a day or two. Younask me \"Plans for what?\", I say plans for finally proving toneverybody that I'm not crazy. If I can take one of theses thingsnalive, I'm going to do it.\" Billynrefrained from calling him crazy and just nodded. \"WellnI'm ready.\" Futterman said as he finished loading the shotgun. \"Inhope both of you still have the guns I gave you earlier.\" Theynnodded. \"Good,nthen let's get going.\"[Chapter 5] GREMLINS Thenother gremlins were only two to two and a half feet tall, and theynmaintained their facial hair. They had ganged up on Buck while Goateenand Spike took the other two humans. The fight, if you could call itnthat, was over. The slaughtered bodies of the thieves lay mangled onnthe floor. At one point Derek took a big swing at the head of Spike,nbut Spike dodged and Derek impaled his fist on Spike's shoulder.nSpike then jabbed Derek in the chest with the spike on his tail, atnthis Derek coughed up blood, fell over and went into convulsions. Anminute later his body lay still. Now Goatee was going to get thensteel hatch open when Spike found Gizmo. He carried Gizmo with onenhand over to the dead bodies. Spike grabbed a candy bar from MuttonnChop, who had looted it from one of the bodies. He pinched the backnof Gizmos neck, which made Gizmo cry out in pain, and then he shovednthe candy bar into Gizmos mouth. \"Lastnnight when you told me that the thieves were running into town Inthought of Kate's old bar.\" Murray said. \"Why?\"nBilly asked. \"Itnhad a basement. I went down there to sleep sometimes when I gotnreally drunk.\" He explained. \"WellnI found out that there are storage houses there now, and after somendigging and phone calls I found out that one was accessed late lastnnight at about 12:30. The kind of thieves that pull a job like thatnalways have a hideout they fall back to in case of trouble. I alsonfound out the unit that was accessed last night is the only one thatnhas a metal floor.\" \"Younthink that basement is still there?\" Rand asked Murray. \"Yeahnand I'll bet my tractor that's where Gizmo is at now.\" Theynwere heading there now, each had his hopes that everything would benok, even Murray. Even though Murray had his plans for proving himselfnsane, he didn't want to confront those old demons again if hendidn't have to. Gizmonfelt himself slowly losing consciousness. He had had so manynnightmares of this happening, and now it was. The gremlins weren'tnpaying attention to him now, they were filing out the trap door onenby one and into the storage unit above. Gizmo moaned, there wasnnothing he could do now. He curled up into a ball, put his ears overnhis eyes, and let sleep take over him. Murraynled them to a storage unit in the back of the facility. \"Inhope he didn't get wet.\" Billy said. \"Nonsense in worrying just yet, Son. We don't know anything for sure.\" Theynapproached the unit, the gate was already open. \"OK,nthis is not a good sign, but it's still no cause to worry.\" Randnsaid. Futtermannwent in first, he went to the back of the small room. \"There'sna hatch back here.\" he yelled. Thenothers came to him and they shined their flashlights down the hole.nThey stared in silent horror at the scene below them. Three deadnbodies, and five hatched cocoons. Futterman was the first to breaknthe silence. \"Nownyou can worry.\" Billynstill didn't say anything, he let his light roam across the roomnfrom above until it passed over something in the corner that twitchednwith the light. \"Gizmo!\",nBilly yelled as he jumped down into the basement. The others followednin after him, Billy was crouching over the unconscious Gizmo. \"He'snslimy, I think he's eaten after midnight.\" Billy said. \"Whynwould he do that?\" asked Rand. \"Henprobably didn't have a choice. These five gremlins are probablynstill close by.\" Billy explained. \"Wellnlet's go get 'em then.\" Futterman said. \"Whatnabout Gizmo? We can't leave him like that.\" Rand said. \"Wenneed Curd of Bean Billy said. Murraynlooked at him like he was stupid. \"What?\" \"Curdnof Bean, It's supposed to be able to reverse a Gremlin back to anMogwai.\" \"That'sngreat, but don't you mean Bean Curd?\" \"BeannCurd?\" \"Yeah,nBean Curd. It's Tofu.\" \"Tofu,nyou've got to be kidding me.\" \"Nope,nI usually have a lot of the stuff, but I just ran out yesterday.\"nFutterman said. \"Wencan get it at the grocery store?\" Billy asked. \"Yeah,\" \"Thennlet's get going. If I can give it to Gizmo before he hatches, I'mngoing to.\" Billynpicked up Gizmo and put him in his backpack. They left the basementnand headed for the truck. Something shot past Murray's shoulder. \"Whatnthe hell was that?\" he yelped. Anothernhit the truck next to them. They looked in the direction it camenfrom. Across the street standing on top of a car that was parked innfront of the hardware store, stood Spike and he was leveling a nailngun right at Rand's head. \"Duck!\"nYelled Billy. \"Gremlin!\"nYelled Futterman. \"Shit!\"nYelled Rand. Theynhit the ground at the same time. \"Getnto the truck, quick!\" Theynscrambled for the truck as Spike let loose with a barrage of nails. Theynall got in and Murray turned the ignition….nothing. \"Itnwon't start? It always starts! It's American made!\" Murraynprotested. Fromnbehind them they heard an engine roar to life. They turned and it wasnGoatee at the controls of a steamroller, already halfway across thenstreet and headed towards them fast. Murray tried to start the trucknagain. A hand burst through the hood of the truck, its long clawsnclutching at wires. \"Shit!nGet out!\" Yelled Murray. Theynpiled out just as Goatee reached in the truck. The steamroller hitnthe back of the truck and slowed. Goatee adjusted something and itnslowly started to crush the vehicle. Billy aimed and shot at Goatee.nOne of the rubber bullets struck him in the side and sent him flying,nbut the steamroller kept going. Goatee hit the ground fifteen feetnaway from the truck, he got up shakily and ran off. Thennail gun firing has stopped. Across the street they saw Spike, SidenBurn, and Fu-man-chu run into the hardware store. \"Younguys head for the grocery and help Gizmo, I'll take care of thenhardware store.\" Murray said. \"Nonway, it's too dangerous. I'm coming with you.\" Rand said. \"Nonyou're not, Rand. You're gonna go help Billy make sure Gizmondoesn't change into one of those things. I can handle this bynmyself.\" Randnbegan to protest but Murray was already walking toward the hardwarenstore. Rand turned to Billy , \"Come on, the sooner we can get Gizmonthat tofu the better.\"[Chapter 6] GREMLINS Billynand Rand walked toward the grocery store down the road. \"Whatnare we going to do if they get wet?\" Billy asked. \"We'llndeal with that when we come to it. We saw three of them go into thenhardware store, and there were five cocoons. That leaves twonunaccounted for and they've got the town to themselves tonight. Wendon't even know where to start looking for them. The best thing wencan do right now is help Gizmo.\" Rand said. \"Inneed to warn Kate, tell her to get out of town.\" Billy reached innhis pockets, he looked confused, then searched his backpack, and thennrealization showed on his face. \"Damn!\"nBilly swore. \"What?\" \"Inleft my phone in the truck.\" \"Don'tnworry, she should be safe for a little while at least, there's nonreason for the gremlins to head to the house.\" Rand said. Murraynapproached the hardware store. Betty, his Colt 45, ready at his side.nThe glass of the automatic door had been broken, he stepped through.nThe store inside was dark and abandoned. Nothing in town was opennthis late. He walked slowly, surveying his surroundings.. Anceiling fan fell in one part of the store. He looked to the raftersnabove and spotted fu-man-chu. Fu jumped down straight at him. Murraynaimed Betty and fired at the falling target. Fu exploded into tinynbits that were sent hurdling back toward the rafters. \"Onendown, two to…\" Somethingnstruck Murray's hand and he dropped Betty. He looked up and sawnSpike standing a few yards away from him. \"Oknyou son of a …\" Henpulled his shotgun and fired the first bean bag. It caught Spikendirectly in the chest and sent him flying toward the back of thenstore. Billynand Rand pried the automatic doors of the closed grocery store open. \"Wherendo we start looking? I've never bought tofu in my life.\" Billynasked. \"I'mnnot sure. I think they make those fake hamburger patties from it, sonwe can start by looking in the frozen food section.\" Rand said. Theynpassed the isle until Rand made Billy stop. \"Shh,nbe quiet.\" Henmotioned for Billy to look around the corner of the next isle. Billynsaw Goatee, his back to them, drinking a large bottle of Tabasconsauce. He let the bottle drop and breathed a cloud of smoke, henlooked like some kind of medieval dragon. \"Comenon Billy\" Rand whispered. \"We'llndeal with him later.\" Murraynmade his way to the back of the store. He had left Betty, his gun,nbehind. He was kicking himself because of it, now he only had hisnshotgun and tranq gun. He wouldn't go back for Betty he decided. Ifnthe bean bag had knocked Spike out Murray needed to get to him fastnbefore he woke up. Murray saw something move out of the corner of hisneye. Henjumped back just in time to dodge a heavy hit from a large snownshovel in the hands of Spike standing on a counter to his right.nMurray fired the shotgun but Spike caught all of the buckshot on thenshovel, effectively protecting himself. Side-Burn came up from behindnand busted a large floodlight on Murray's back. Murray yelled andnturned and blasted Side-Burn with the slug. Side-Burn exploded givingnthat area a new paint job. When Murray turned back Spike was gone. \"Damn!\"nHe yelled. His shotgun was out of ammo, he needed to go get Bettynback. He headed back to the front of the store. Billynand Rand were walking down the frozen food aisle, Rand stopped Billy. \"Here\"nRand said, opening a door and pulling out a box of burgers. Billyntook Gizmo out of his backpack while Rand took a tofu patty in onenhand and Gizmo's cocoon in the other. \"Ok,nhow am I supposed to get this\", he raised the frozen patty, \"intonthis\" Henraised the cocoon then tapped the two items together. \"Wenneed a blender.\" Rand said . \"Andna syringe\" Billy added. \"Holdnon,\" Rand said as he turned Billy around and pulled something fromnhis backpack \"Thisnwill work,\" Rand said in his hand he held a tiny cylinder fillednwith a yellow liquid. \"Whatnis it?\" Billy asked, staring at the object, it didn't look like ansyringe, more like a pen. \"It'snand Epi-pen, that liquid is Epinephrine. It'snbasically a shot of adrenaline.\" Rand explained. \"Younneed that?\" Billy asked. \"Sometimes,nbut I should be Ok for a while.\" \"Ok,nwell, we need to empty it.\" Billy said. Randnheld the pen up and jabbed it into Billie's chest.\"Ugh, dad, whatnthe hell?\" \"Don'tnworry , it won't hurt ya. It'll just make you hyper for a littlenwhile.\" \"Ok,nbut still you could have warned me, that stung!\" Billy whined. \"Ohnpoor baby, you'll get over it. Now let's find that blender. Therenhas to be one somewhere in this store. Murraynstooped to pick up Betty. She had slid under a rack of hammers, hernmuzzle was just barely visible, peeking out under the shelves. Murraynbent and reached for her. From the other side Spikes hand appearednand scratched Murray's hand. Murray pulled back in pain and Spikengrabbed Betty \"No!\"nhe yelled. Thenshelves exploded as the shot came from the other side. Murray ran asnhe pulled the tranq-gun from his belt. It was his last chance. Henknew that Spike had only five shots left. He jumped behind a lawnnmower and turned. He saw Spike standing in the middle of the aislenacross from him. Spike shot two more times, both shots hit the lawnnmower. Murray aimed carefully and fired the tranquilizer dart. It hitnSpike in the neck, a perfect shot. Spike pulled it out and keptncoming at Murray, showing no effects from the dart. Spike shot againn, this time the bullet got Murray's ear. He winced in pain and feltnhis ear. He looked at his hand and saw the blood. Spike was only anfew feet away now, close enough where if he fired again he wouldn'tnmiss. Spike leveled the gun on Murray's head. Murray was about tonleap to the side when Spike suddenly fell over stiff. Murray lookednat him wearily. Apparently the tranq had finally kicked in. Murrayngot up and approached the fallen gremlin. First things first henthought, he bent and reached for Betty. Next he tried to move Spike.nHe cursed for not having thought to bring something to transport ancaptured Gremlin in. Spike was heavy, probably close to a hundrednpounds. Murray grabbed him by the arm and started to drag him,ncareful not to catch himself on any of the Gremlins spikes. Hendecided he would head for the grocery store to see if Billy and Randnneeded any help. \"Whoa,nDad. I think this stuff is really affecting me.\" Billy said. \"Letnme see\". Randngrabbed Billie's wrist and checked his pulse. \"Yeah,nyour heart is pumpin' pretty fast. You could probably run twentynmiles right now.\" Theynwere headed for the bakery, Billy thought that there might be anblender there. Billy glimpsed out of the corner of his eye, somethingnhad made him do a double-take. \"Dad,nlook at this.\" He held up a blue bottle , Rand read the label outnloud. \"Halfn& Half non -dairy creamer… New blend, TOFU! What the hell?\" \"Willnit work?\" Billy asked. \"I'mnskeptical, read the ingredients.\" Billy turned the bottle around. \"Beanncurd extract, it should work.\" Billy said. \"Alrightnlet me see it.\" Randnfilled the Epi-Pen with the bizarre liquid while Billy took Gizmo'snCocoon from his backpack. \"Ok,nhold it up.\" Rand said Billynraised the cocoon and Rand injected the Tofu creamer into it.[Chapter 7] GREMLINS Goateenfinished drinking another bottle of hot sauce and tossed the bottlenover his shoulder. He reached for another one. This time he grabbed anbottle that had it's label adorned by red hot flames, it read,n\"Desert Jack's Super Hot Habenero Hot Sauce\". Goateenbroke the top and drank a little. He stopped and belched a small puffnof flame. He liked this stuff. He heard voices and peered around thencorner. Across the aisle Billy and Rand were doing something to ancocoon. Goatee recognized it as Gizmo's cocoon. Their back wasnturned to him, he slowly snuck up behind them, chugging the rest ofnthe hot sauce. He got up behind Billy and let a long sustained fierynburp. Billynjumped and dropped the cocoon, Goatee snatched it up and started tonrun off. Rand pulled his gun and fired. \"No!nDon't shoot, you might hit Gizmo,\" Billy said as he pattednhimself down making sure he wasn't on fire. Billy ran after Goatee,ntrying to head him off. Billy cut across a hallway and managed to getnin front of him. Goatee was headed toward him like a linebacker,nGizmo's Cocoon tucked under one arm like a football. Goatee was bynfar the largest Gremlin Billy had ever seen, at least four feet tall,nBilly thought. Billy crouched and tried to tackle Goatee, but Goateenjumped over him and scratched his back. The adrenaline still surgingnthrough Billy , he turned and grabbed Goatee by the ankle, trippingnhim. Goatee turned and punched Billy in the face, Billy punched back.nGoatee scratched Billy's hand and Billy let go. Goateengot up and grabbed the cocoon and started running again. \"Usenyour gun!\" Rand yelled to Billy. Billynpulled his gun, he had forgotten that he only had rubber bullets. Hendidn't know how tough the cocoon was and if it could withstand anrubber bullet, but this was his last chance. Laying on his stomach,nBilly aimed and fired six times, each shot missed Goatee. Now Randnwas beside Billy. \"Incan't aim straight Dad. There's one shot left , you have to getnhim before he gets away.\" Randntook the gun. Goatee was headed for a large ventilation shaft wherenthe wall met the ceiling. Rand fired, the bullet hit Goatee in thenback and sent him tumbling into the shaft. The cocoon fell out of hisnhands and fell to the floor with a thud. \"Gizmo!\"nBilly yelled and ran over to the cocoon, Rand came up beside him. \"Isnit ok?\" Rand asked. \"Looksnlike it\" Billy answered. \"Butnwe won't know until he hatches. Lets go see how Mr. Futterman isndoing.\" Asnthey walked out the front doors of the grocery store Murray wasncoming toward them, Spike in tow. \"Younactually got one, I don't believe it!\" Billy yelled as theynapproached. \"Yep,nI tell ya it was a close call though.\" Murray said. \"Didnya help Gizmo?\" Murray asked. \"Wenthink so.\" Rand said. Billynpulled Gizmo from his pack. \"Whoa,nIs that what I think it is?\" Murray yelled. Everybody was takennaback. Billynheld in his hand a furry cocoon. \"Ohnman it looks exactly like Gizmo's fur, it's like a Gizmo ball.\"nRand said. \"Inwonder how much longer it will be before he hatches?\" Billy said. \"Indon't know, Rand said. \"But it ain't no use standin' out herenwaiting, let's get back to the house. We still have to warn Kate. Katenwas wide awake , despite the hour. She checked the clock for thenthird time in thirty minutes, almost two o'clock. \"If they hadnfound Gizmo o.k. and everything was fine they would have been back bynnow.\" she thought. \"But if anything were really wrong Billy wouldnhave called me by now.\" she conceded to herself. There was nothingnshe could do but wait, she thought about leaving now and getting anhotel out of town, at least until she found out what was going on,nbut she decided against it, thinking to herself that most likelynnothing was happening and nothing would happen. She would be wrong.nJust then the power went out and she heard a window at the back ofnthe house shatter. She rushed to the living room and grabbed anflashlight off the end table. Next she went to the wall by the frontndoor and pulled one of the swords hanging on the wall there. She wasngoing to the laundry room and the breaker box that was there. Shenremembered Rand telling her that they installed backup power for thenhouse, all you needed to do was flip a switch. She turned a cornernand stopped in her tracks. Standing in front of the dryer was MuttonnChop. The dryer behind him was open and he was wearing one of hernnightgowns. He saw her and opened the nightgown flashing her. Shenshined the flashlight on him and took a wild swing at him with thensword. He dodged and scrambled back from the light. She caught himnoff guard and kicked him into the open dryer. Shenslammed it shut and was quick to place a heavy chair in front of thenround glass door. Mutton Chop screamed and pounded inside trying tonbreak free. She went to the breaker box on the wall and flipped thenswitch marked AUX. The power came back on with a start. The brightnlight inside the dryer came on and the load of laundry she had beenndoing started to tumble, along with Mutton Chop. The spinning of thendryer sped up, the racket the bouncing gremlin made was tremendous.nThe banging and the screaming should have waken up the dead. Soon thenscreaming stopped and then the crashing, though the dryer was stillngong. She removed the chair and opened the door. Inside there was ansloshing puddle of ooze, and it was covering all their laundry. \"Thatnwas my favorite nightgown, damnit.\" she said. Shenheard the front door open and went to see who, or what, it was. Billy,nRand and Murray came in through the front door. Billy could alreadyntell that something was wrong. Kate came into the room and greetednthem. \"HeynBabe\" she said. Billynlooked at the, she was breathing hard and was carrying a sword. \"Heynhoney. Watch ya been doin'?\" he asked. \"Ohnnothing much. I did a load of laundry, read a book, killed a gremlin.nYou know, the usual.\" she answered sarcastically. Shenturned to Murray, \"HinMr. Futt…. \"Whoa!nShe screamed as she saw what Murray was hauling behind him. \"Whatnthe hell?, Is it dead?\" \"No,nhe's alive. But don't worry , he won't be causing any trouble.nHe's out.\" Murraynanswered. Katenstudied them for a second. \"Heynwhere's Gizmo? Did you forget him? Is he ok.?\" she asked. Billynhesitated. \"Um,nkinda.\" He pulled the furry cocoon from his backpack and showednKate. She stared at it in confused disbelief. \"Ok,nyou guys are going to have to start from the beginning.\"[Chapter 8] GREMLINS FirstnBilly made Kate explain what she meant by \"killed a gremlin\". Thennthey recounted their story up to when they split up. Billy and Randntold their side first and when they were done Mr. Futterman told ofnhe adventure in the hardware store. \"Sonyou got all of them, then?\" Kate asked. \"Therenwere only five cocoons in the basement, right?\" \"Yeah,nbut I shot the one in the grocery store with a rubber bullet. Thatnone had survived a shot from those before.\" Rand said. \"Whichnmeans it's still not safe here.\" Billy said. \"Younshould get out of town babe. At least until we make sure that one isndead.\" \"Okay.\"nshe said. \"Andnas for this one.\" chimed in Murray. \"I'm questioning whetherncapturing it was a good idea or not. I don't really have any securenwas of holding it. Maybe I should just kill it.\" Atnthis the body laying at Murray's feet twitched. Everybody jumpednback and yelled. \"Shit!nIs that thing completely out, Murray?\" Rand asked, breathingnheavily. \"Damnit!nYeah, I put an elephant tranquilizer in the damn thing! It'snprobably just having a bad dream. Spike jumped up and wrapped himselfnaround Murray pinning his arms. Spike looked him straight in the eye. Innan instant the spikes that covered the gremlins body extended,nimpaling Murray, and then retracted. Spike jumped off and Murray fellnto the ground dead. Billy and Rand were pulling their guns when Spikengrabbed Gizmo's cocoon. \"Damnit!nDon't shoot\" yelled Billy. Spikenstood there, blocked between the wall and the people, unsure of whatnto do. A large furred, clawed hand burst through the cocoon and fellnto the ground. Everybodynwatched silently as Gizmo emerged. \"HolynShit!\" exclaimed Billy. \"Gizmo?\". Outnof the cocoon emerged a three and a half foot tall gremlin. But thisnwas no ordinary gremlin. Fur poked out from behind the scales and thenears were those of a mogwai. Billy could tell it was Gizmo, the furnwas the same brown and white, and the eyes were the same , exceptnthat now they carried a load of anger. Gizmo was pissed. \"Mustnbe a new breed.\" Rand said. Gizmonwalked over to Spike and picked him up with one hand. Spike clawednand hissed at Gizmo. Gizmo dropped him and kicked him hard in thenside. Spike slid across the floor and hit the wall, he quickly jumpednup and rushed at Gizmo. Spike tackled Gizmo , they traded punches andnkicks, rolling around on the ground. \"Whatndid you guys give Gizmo?\" Kate asked. Billy,nwatching the fight intently, remained silent and pulled the bottlenthey got from the grocery store from his bag, he handed it to Kate. \"TofunNon-dairy creamer.\" Shenlooked at Gizmo then back at the bottle. \"Halfn& Half.\" She paused, watching the fight. \"That'snnot in the book.\" Gizmonand Spike wailed on each other. Gizmo grabbed Spike around the chestnwith both hands, pinning his arms down. Spikes tail slashed over bothnshoulders, trying to stab Gizmo. Gizmo managed to grab Spike'sntail, he turned and flung Spike through the wall and into the kitchennon the other side. Gizmonran into the kitchen, Billy and the rest followed. In the kitchennSpike was standing by a butcher's block of knives, he picked themnup and started hurling them at the door. Billy got caught in thenshoulder with one. He quickly closed the door and turned to thenothers. \"Youndon't want to go in there.\" \"Butnwe have to help Gizmo.\" Kate pleaded. \"Let'snwait until he runs out of ammo.\" Rand said. Afterna minute Billy peeked his head in., a jet of water flew by his head. \"Oh,nShit!\" he yelled. Billynflung the door open. On top of the sink Spike was using the sprayernto try and wet Gizmo. Gizmondodged to one side or the other, getting closer to Spike. Gizmonleaped and shoulder checked Spike through the kitchen window into thenoutside. Gizmo landed in the sink under the running faucet. \"No!\"nyelled Billy, but it was too late. Gizmonlay screaming in pain in the sink. Billy turned the water off andnlooked out the window. Spike was gone. Anlarge bubble formed on Gizmo's back, he yelled and screamed andnpounded the sink in agony. The bubble, as large as Gizmo's backnnow, popped off and landed on the floor at Rand's feet. \"Onlynone?\" Isn't there supposed to be more?\" Rand asked. \"Dad,nyour gun!\" Billy yelled. Randnpulled his gun and aimed it at the growing ball. The ball wasncompletely white fur. It grew to the size of a beach ball thennstopped. It yawned and stretched, stood up, it was at least four feetntall, and it was a mogwai, a huge white mogwai. \"Wellncall me Ishmael.\" Rand said. \"Should I shoot it, Billy?\" \"Inhave no idea.\" Billy answered. Gizmonstood up and jumped down in front of Rand, protecting the creaturenbehind him. \"Gizmonseems to like him.\" Kate said. Withnthat Rand lowered his gun. They walked back into the living room.[Chapter 9] GREMLINS Innthe living room they stood over Mr. Futterman's body. \"Henwas a good man, and a good friend.\" Rand said. \"Hensaved our lives on more than one occasion, he deserves our respect.\"nBilly said. Katenremained silent, crying. Gizmo stood over him, a solemn , gravenexpression on his face. They laid Murray's body in Rand's room.nBilly and Rand came back into the living room, Kate was sitting andnwatching Gizmo talk with the newly hatched giant white mogwai. \"Wow,nwhat language is that they're speaking?\" asked Billy. \"Indon't know, it's not like anything I've ever heard.\" Randnsaid. Theynwatched a while longer. \"Inthink they're discussing what to do next.\" said Kate. \"Wenneed to go get those last two before they reach water, if theynhaven't already. It's only 3:00 , they still have a lot of timenbefore dawn comes and they have to hole up somewhere.\" Billy said. Gizmonand the mogwai had stopped to talk for a minute. Rand told Billy tonask Gizmo what the newcomer's name was. Gizmo thought for a minutenthen said with a smile, \"Moby.\" Randnwas on the phone trying to contact the police when Billy interruptednhim. \"Indon't know why your calling the cops, Dad. You know how much helpnthey were last time.\" \"Wellnthey should know better by now. And plus, it's our responsibilitynto tell them about Murray.\" Rand said. \"Yournright Dad.\" Randntried a couple of times then hung up. \"Theirnphone is dead, but ours isn't.\" \"Whatndoes that mean?\" Billy asked. \"Inthink it means the gremlins are on the outskirts of town. Out therenthey run different phone lines than this part of town.\" \"Arenyou sure?\" \"It'snas good a place as any to start looking for them, let's go.\" Katenwas packing her stuff when Billy came in. \"Don'tnworry about it honey.\" Billy said. \"Injust checked the car and the engine had been shredded.\" \"Thennwhat do I do?\" Kate asked. \"Thensafest thing for you now is to just stay here. Me and Dad think thengremlins are on the outside of town, we're gonna go track them downnnow. The phones here are still working, so I'm gonna take your cellnphone since I lost mine. I'll call you if anything goes wrong.\" \"Okaynbaby, be careful. I don't want to raise this child by myself.\" \"Younwon't have to, I'll be fine. Anyway, Gizmo and Moby look likenthey could take on a whole army by themselves.\" Katensaw them off. She kissed Billy goodbye and hugged Rand. She toldnGizmo to take care of them both, gizmo nodded. She looked at Moby forna second, then got down on her knees and hugged him. Rand and Billynlooked at each other, shocked. She got up and looked back at them, \"Accordingnto the book, Gremlins and Mogwai have genetic memory. Whichnmeans that everything Gizmo knows and remembers, so does Moby.\" Theynlooked at her dumb founded. \"Doesnthat mean all those other gremlins had the same memories as Gizmo?\"nRand asked. \"Mostnlikely, and these ones too.\" Kate said. \"Somehownthat makes sense now that I think about it.\" Billy said. Withnthat knowledge they left, heading for the outskirts of town as fastnas they could. When they got there they did a double take, the placenlooked destroyed. The roads were empty except for the lifelessncorpses of cars. It looked like the town did that night 21 yearsnearlier. Gizmo and Moby walked in front of Billy and Rand, keeping ancareful eye out for anything that moved. Gizmo's head whipped tonthe side and he darted off, Moby followed him. \"Wherenare they going?\" asked Rand. \"Looksnlike they're heading for the gym, come on.\" Billy said as theynstarted to run after Moby and Gizmo. They walked into the gym, itnlooked like a normal Gold's gym. Exercise machines and weight racksncovered the floor, with locker room in the back. But here, there wasna large boxing ring in the middle of the building. Goatee was in thenboxing ring , shadow boxing, throwing fake punches at an invisiblenopponent. Spike was off to the left of the ring lifting a 50lbndumbbell with one arm. Spike noticed them first and threw the weightnat Moby, who took the hit on his chest, he stood there unphased bynthe blow. Gizmo rushed over to fight Spike while Moby jumped in thenring with Goatee. \"Looksnlike we're gonna have to sit this fight out , Billy. Rand said. Mobynwalked up to Goatee, who was dancing around with his guard up. Mobyncocked his head and looked at him like he was stupid. Goatee movedntoward Moby, still dancing, Moby quickly delivered a right hook thatnsent Goatee flying back to hit the bell. \"Letnthe fight begin.\" Billy said. Gizmonwas fighting Spike, who was using weights and bars as weapons. Spikenpicked up a curling bar and held it like a baseball bat. Gizmo ranntoward him. Spike swung the bar but Gizmo caught it with one hand andnripped it away from him. Gizmo took the bar and jabbed Spike in thenbelly with it. Spike crumpled to the ground grabbing his stomach.nGoatee jumped back up and rushed Moby, pounding him with fist afternfist. Moby blocked and dodged and threw punches of his own when hencould , but Goatee was slightly faster than him. Moby got goatee in anbear hug with his arms pinned down. Goatee tried to use his bony chinnspikes to stab at Moby's eyes but Moby dodged his head from side tonside. Moby delivered a head butt to Goatee and he fell to the ground.nMoby picked him up over his head and threw him as hard as he couldnagainst the wall of the gym. Goatee hit the wall and slid downntemporarily dazed. Gizmo picked up Spike from behind and started tonchoke him with the curling bar. Spike fought back, twisting andnturning, trying to get loose , but secretly he was raising his tail,ngetting ready to poison Gizmo. Billy saw this and yelled, \"Gizmo,nlookout for his tail!\" Gizmondodged just in time and grabbed Spike's tail, but Spike turnednaround fast and slugged Gizmo hard. Gizmonfell to the ground, letting go of Spike's tail. Spike took thisnadvantage and stuck Gizmo with his tail. \"No!\"nyelled Billy. Allnthis time Moby had been moving toward them. He picked up a 100 lbndumbbell in one had and ran at Spike. Moby punched Spike so hard withnthat dumbbell that it left a permanent dent on Spike's face. Spikenwent flying and hit the wall next to Goatee. Goatee woke form hisndaze and was the unconscious Spike next to him. He grabbed Spike bynthe tail and ran with him out of the gym. Billy ran over to Gizmo andnMoby. \"Gizmo!nGizmo, are you ok?\" Billy said. Gizmonwas laying on his back breathing shallowly, his eyes just barelynopen. \"There'snnothing we can do for him right now Billy, we have to go get Spikenand Goatee, now! I think I know where they are headed, and it ain'tngood.\" Rand said. \"Okay,nDad.\" Billy said. \"Waitna minute, oh god, you don't think they're headed to the lake donyou?\" \"Yes,nI do.\" \"Damnit,nalright, let's go.\" Billy said as he picked up Gizmo like a childnin one arm while reaching into his pocket and grabbing the cell phonenwith his other hand.[Chapter 10] GREMLINS Billyndialed as they ran following Goatee's tracks in the snow where hendragged Spike. The call went through. \"HinKate….Oh, not so good, Gizmo got poisoned by Spike, I need you tonlook through the book and see if there's anything that can helpnhim…Ok….Not yet, Dad, Moby and I are following Goatee right now.nWe think he's headed for the lake…..Yeah, I know, listen I'llnhave to talk to you late, just get looking for something that cannsave Gizmo, alright, love you too. bye.\" With that Billy ended thencall. On the other end of the line Kate hung up. \"Thenlake.\" she said to herself thinking. Shenpicked the phone back up and started to dial another number. Billynand Rand were still on the tail of Goatee when they cam to the edgenof the woods that encircled the lake. Billy stopped and moved Gizmonfrom his arms to his backpack. Gizmo was too big to fit in there now,nhis head and shoulders poked out of the top of the bag. When he wasndone they set off in to the woods. Samnsat quietly in his tree stand watching a ten point buck through hisnrifle's scope. He had been following this deer's movements allnnight and he finally had a clear shot at it. The deer's head poppednup and looked directly at Sam, it turned and ran off in the oppositendirection. \"No,nno, no!\" yelled Sam \"Damnit.\" Henlooked through the scope for any signs of more deer. At that momentnGoatee's head appeared right in front of Sam's scope Sam yellednand toppled out of his 15 foot high tree stand. He hit the ground andnvibrated there. Billy, Rand and Moby came upon him laying on thenground. Billy helped him up. \"Arenyou Ok?\" asked Billy. \"Inthink so.\" said Sam. Thennhe noticed Moby. \"Ah!,nWhat the hell kind of dog walks on tow legs?\" \"Well,num, Have you heard of ClampCorp?\" Billy said. Sam'snexpression changed. \"Saynno more, I know all about the freaky genetic stuff they did there.nHey is that what the thing is I just saw?\" Sam asked. \"Uh,nmaybe. \"Whichnway did it go, can you tell us?\" \"Yeahnsure, it went that way.\" Henpointed toward the lake. Billy sighed and said, \"Younneed to get out of here right now, something very bad is about tonhappen.\" \"Right.\"nSam said. \"Insaw what happened at ClampCorp on TV. I'm outta here.\" Henran off without another word. Theynran as hard as they could toward the lake, fear driving their legs.nThey burst out from the trees, they saw Goatee standing on the lakenpounding on the ice, Spike laying at his side. The lake was stillnfrozen over, and Goatee couldn't get through the ice. They breathedna sigh of relief, but Moby was still running full speed. Goateenlooked up and saw him, he grabbed Spike and ran across the lakentoward a small shack on the ice. Moby reached the shack seconds afternGoatee, but he was too late. Goatee stood over an open hole in thenice, he tool Spike by the tail and tossed him into the ice. Goateenlooked at Moby and laughed. Moby charged him and tackled him throughnthe wall of the shack. Billy started to run out on the ice but Randnstopped him. \"Indon't think that's a good idea.\" Rand said and pointed at thenice under the shack. The water started to boil and turn colors. Steamnpoured out of the door of the shack. \"Ohnno\" Billy said helplessly. Mobynand Goatee fought out on the ice, trading punches and kicks.nUnderneath tem the ice began to crack and they could see the faces ofnthousands of gremlins. Billy screamed in pain as something passed bynand burnt his shoulder. \"Ah!nWhat the hell is that?\" he yelled. Anstraight line of light moved toward the lake. Billy and Rand watchednit. \"Wherenis it coming from?\" asked Billy. Theyncraned their necks skyward and looked as far as they could see. \"Reallynhigh up.\" replied Rand. Mobynand Goatee were still fighting on the ice when the beam of light camenacross the lake, cutting a line in the ice. The ice beneath themntilted and they fell in. Very little water was left , it was replacednby the claws and teeth of thousands of gremlins. The beam stopped innthe middle of the lake, it hovered there for a second then began tongrow. The light spread slowly out in a circle covering more and morenof the lake. Billy and Rand, who had been watching the terrible scenenhelplessly, let their jaws drop. \"It'snsunlight.\" Billy said, confused and astonished. \"Butndawn doesn't come for another hour.\" \"Thisnain't no ordinary sunlight, Billy\". Rand said. \"Inhave a feeling somebody is looking out for us.\" Thenlight had fully encompassed the lake, Billy had to step back to keepnGizmo away from it. The lake had been turned into a retention pond ofnGremlin sludge, it bubbled and churned, and sent up a foul stinkingnreek. Rand looked at the putrid slurry. \"Moby,\"nhe said. Billyngrabbed Rand's shoulder. \"Wenstill have time to save Gizmo, come on.\" Theynturned and started back for the house, Billy got out his cell phone. \"HeynHoney, everything's taken care of…..wait, how do younknow?….Alright, alright, you'll just have to explain it when wenget there. Tell me you've found something that can helpnGizmo…Really? Okay, see you in a little while, bye.\" He hung up. \"Whatndid she say?\" Rand asked. \"Wenhave to stop somewhere on the way home.\" \"Where?\" \"Thengrocery store.\" \"Damnit,nI hate grocery store,\" Backnat the house they were feeding a barely conscious Gizmo a block ofntofu. They had him laid down in his own bed, covered up. Gizmo atenthe Bean Curd and went to sleep. Billynwent downstairs with Rand and Kate in the living room. \"Honey?\"nBilly said. \"Yes.\"nreplied Kate \"Whatndid you do?\" \"Oh,nI just made a little phone call.\" \"Tonwho?\" \"Tonour boss, Mr. Clamp.\" \"Andnwhat did you talk about?\" \"Well,nafter he made a bunch of small towns like Kingston Falls around thenworld, I remember him telling me about some crazy idea to always havenit daytime in his towns using mirrored satellites. \"You'renkidding me.\" Billy said. \"Nope.nWell obviously that idea didn't work out, but the satellites arenstill up there.\" Billynand Rand jumped up and saw Moby. His white fur was covered in blacknand green sludge, but even more amazing was that he was standing innbroad daylight. \"Inguess he's immune to more than just water.\" Rand said. Theynbrought Moby in and cleaned him up, restoring his white fur. Laternthat night Gizmo hatched from his furry cocoon, back to his originalnself. Three months later they were sitting in the living roomnwatching TV. Moby sat on the couch, with Gizmo sitting on hisnshoulder. Moby was eating chips and he handed one up to Gizmo. Therenwas a knock at the door. Rand answered it, at the doorstep were 3nTibetan Monks. \"Hello,nfellas.\" Rand said. \"What can I do for you gentleman?\" \"We'vencome for the large white one.\" one replied. Billynwalked up, \"Wellnthat would be up to him.\" He turned, \"Moby, you have somenvisitors.\" he called. Mobyncame and studied the Monks. Henwalked toward them slowly, raising his hand as if in acceptance, thennshut the door in their faces. Moby walked back to the couch andncontinued watching TV. \"Well,nI guess that's that\" Billy said. ","Summary":" GREMLINS GREMLINS 3 BynIlteren Prologue \"Everybodynhas a story to tell, I'm no different, though m"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"The Gremlin Files","Author":"Jekyllhydeclub","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11982130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Unless otherwise stated, these characters are from the Gremlins 1 and 2 movies, and not our originals, thus not our property and we make no claims otherwise. Chapter 1, By Hekyl and Jekyl Time period, near end of Gremlins 2, the new batch, year 1990 Note, we assume Phantom died with the rest, but we know what becomes of people who ASSume...We never saw him staying around...but right now, picture him sneaking out just after his mask was snatched off by that dolled up gremlin. Phantom's personal quote, borrowed in part from History by Fallout Boy \"The movie's all wrong, the kids are all off. Heavy metal broke my...HEART!\" *Waves baton* Phantom had injected himself with some of the sunblock the admittedly enterprising Brain had just made and headed outside. He didn't like the light, but he planned to find somewhere shady and quiet to hide. HE needed time alone to collect himself and just...well to hurt in private. That stupid SOB who'd thrown acid in his face had wisely melted into a crowd of other Gremlins so Phantom hadn't been able to find him to execute a fitting revenge, I.E making the little turd gargle with the acid he was obviously so fond of. That very thought soothed Phantom's pain a little, causing him to giggle in satisfaction. Then he growled under his breath BECAUSE the act of giggling hurt his face. It really hurt! He'd put on a brave front, not wanting to be the laughing stock, tormented and bullied for his weakness...He knew how it was with his lot, after all. Especially stupid George liked to bully and likely Brain would get rid of anyone he saw to be the weakest link too. Not that it had been Phantom's fault he'd gotten acid thrown in his face, but who was ever fair? Not that such bothered him unless he was on the wrong end of it, the gremlin had to admit. Phantom sighed and realized happily that sighing didn't hurt his face. One learned to be grateful for the little things, he thought darkly. Outside of the science building there were stairs and a cement overhang under them that looked nice and shady. The scarred gremlin hurried to shelter himself under this, mind angrily playing over what had finally made him need to retreat. The stupid cow Gremlin in that stupid dress had pulled off his mask! At least the mask had looked cool and because of her...him...it, the mask had gotten torn. Phantom had no dignity, his face hurt, and his lack of a mask showed both to the world, effectively making him most probably the weakest link, just a bit above that stupid Gizmo creature! Yes it was definitely more humiliating to be a Gizmo than a scarred gremlin. Phantom sighed again as he wondered if he'd ever be in the mood to be around the others again. \"Hey! What happened to your face?\" The gremlin voice made Phantom snarl and spin round to the left, glaring. He obviously was in no mood for company. His eyes widened at the sight that met them. It was...it had to be...but how could it be? \"Stripe?\" He'd heard of Stripe. They claimed Mohawk was like him, but Phantom thought Stripe's eyes looked more curious and amused than vicious, at least right now. \"Yes, but...how did you know that?\" \"I guess you're some sort of legend. They say Gizmo is frightened of Mohawk because of you.\" Then Phantom remembered the original question. \"Some stupid asshole threw acid in my face. It hurts.\" Stripe shuddered slightly. \"I'm sure it does! Sorry about that.\" Phantom gave a slight nod. \"Thanks\" Stripe nodded back, then gritted his teeth. \"Gizmo. I'm glad someone exists to terrorize him. Even better that who ever it is reminds him of me. Good. That's good.\" Stripe's eyes glittered with satisfaction as his teeth gritted. His dislike for Gizmo was clear. Not abnormal, Phantom observed. As they all saw it, the little creature turned on his own kind to cuddle up to the soft weak humans as a matter of course. Apparently still thinking of Gizmo as well, Stripe snarled, hands lifting and claws raking at the air as his eyes flashed. \"I was just playing and he and that stupid human of his tried to kill me! Nothing I did...nothing any of us gremlins did back then was worth being killed for. But I'm the bad guy because I chose to protect myself?\" Though Stripe spoke quietly, his voice was full of hard anger. Phantom felt his eyes going round. \"Really? They tried to...\" \"Yes,\" Stripe hissed. \"It was an unpleasant surprise for me as well. Apparently having a little fun gets you killed. Everyone thinks Gizmo is so sweet and cute, but he tried to kill me! Yet somehow he's still the good guy. Though he deserved it, practically begged to be killed several times, I never tried to kill him ever! I just wanted to play and have fun. All of us did. You know, messing with stuff, watching the humans react...pulling their screamy strings...\" He giggled, expression lightening briefly before it darkened and grew angry once again. \"The killing me was Billy's idea first but that little fake fluffball had no problem adapting, that's for sure,\" the white striped gremlin concluded. To be continued Well. There are always at least 2 sides to every story and we hope you enjoyed hearing Stripe's take on what happened in the first film. If you'd like to check out more rare Gremlins stuffs check out our Jekyll Hyde Club channel on you tube to see our rare action figure reviews from the 80's and 90 Gremlins films. We are going to review several figures, so subscribe and keep up with the stories here as well. There is a sample chapter up on you tube in the comments of the first Stripe figure review from 1984.[Chapter 2] The Gremlin Files Chapter 2, Stripe's Story by the Jekyll Hyde Club Note: These gremlins are from The Gremlins 1 and 2 movies and not our property. Time period, near the end of Gremlins 2 Location, outside science lab under some stairs where it is nice and dark Here you finally get to learn what really happened to Stripe at the end of Gremlins...Cause a Gremlin king never dies! Telling his story to this scarred faced gremlin was more difficult than Stripe ever could've guessed. It brought up the feelings of fear and shock and even some hurt that he'd felt when he realized Billy and his stupid little furry friend were actually for real trying to seriously kill him! As if he'd done anything that bad. As if he'd done anything worth being killed for. As if people didn't do worse daily, and no one was killing them! Stripe had been accustomed to feeling happy, gleeful, even annoyed and angry, but not frightened, shocked or hurt, and he'd not liked it one bit! \"So everyone thinks you're dead,\" the scarred gremlin said, his words pulling Stripe somewhat from his own thoughts. Deciding to answer the question on the other's face he shrugged, shaking his head. \"I almost was.\" Those words had been harder to say than he'd expected too and he swallowed hard. \"I...\" His gaze slid past the head of the scarred gremlin to stare at the brick wall behind him for a moment. \"I went under the water by reflex when the sun hit me. It really hurt! That's why I understood about your face...I get how something like that feels. They assumed I was killed because they saw my skin burning off and because I didn't come up for air for a long time. That was mainly luck, though. I was too hurt to come up. I couldn't move...not for around half an hour I guess. We can breathe air or water, you know, though the water breathing stuff has its limits. I'm guessing around an hour but I've never had to push it and find out.\" The scarred gremlin's eyes rounded in astonishment. \"Really?\" Stripe nodded. \"Yeah. It's interesting I suppose... when you take time to think on it which I had no choice but to do lying in agony under the water for half an hour!\" He felt the rage growing as he spoke. In a way that was good. Rage was better than hurt and fear and shock. \"Of course water on our skin creates other gremlins, but when we're really hurt, as in almost dying because of our skin being burned off by the sun, we're too weak to reproduce so the water just heals us instead. I think our body sees healing as 2nd rate to multiplying like its only second choice or something.\" Stripe shrugged, finding it difficult to put what he inherently understood into words. \"By the time I'd stopped hurting enough to be able to move and come up for air my skin had mostly grown back and Billy and that stupid little furball were gone. I still had to stay in the water all day, hiding and just coming up every few minutes for air, just a breath at a time or I'd get burned again.\" Stripe realized then that he'd brought his arms up to hug himself for comfort at the memory. All that day he'd been upset and afraid and fearful that he'd die either by the sun or by someone coming to try and kill him again. This was something the striped gremlin couldn't quite put into words. He wasn't even sure he wanted to. He hated remembering how frightened and shocked and...yes, uncertain he'd felt so he doubted expressing any of it in words would be nice. The fascinated stare of the scarred gremlin before him prompted Stripe to continue. \"When it finally got dark I came out of the water. I considered killing Billy and Gizmo to defend myself against any attacks in the future should we accidentally run into one another but their house has an electric fence and too many alarms. I thought I could break them, but it didn't work out.. for me,\" he reluctantly admitted. His eyes flashed with rage again, recalling all the frustrations he'd had with that cursed alarm system...well there had been several, actually, layered over one another. It seemed Billy and the little furball had developed a few unresolved fears even though they believed they'd probably killed all their green scaled gremlin enemies. \"So you came here to get them,\" the other Gremlin asked. Stripe nodded, then frowned. He was growing annoyed by having to always think of him as the other gremlin, too many words for a name. Tone peevish he asked, \"What are you called?\" \"It's Phantom.\" \"Good then. Now I know.\" After a moment Stripe added thoughtfully, \"Nice name. It sounds properly scary.\" He grinned and Phantom, obviously pleased with the compliment, grinned back. Disclaimer, these gremlins are not our original characters, and this is only a work of fan fiction inspired by the Gremlins 1 and 2 movies. If you're interested in more Gremlins fun check out our rare figures reviews for gremlin toys and figures from 84 and 90, on youtube channel JekyllHydeClub.[Chapter 3] The Gremlin files Chapter 3, Brain survives! By the Jekyll Hyde Club Time period: End of Gremlins 2. Location: outside science lab under some stairs where it is nice and dark. Here we learn how the hell Brain managed to survive getting electrocuted! I mean...is this even possible? Read on to find out. \"So you were hiding here under the stairs all the time I was out here,\" Phantom asked Stripe, gaze flicking toward the opening under the stairs where a hint of light from the sun could be seen. Stripe nodded. \"I guess I didn't notice you,\" Phantom said unnecessarily, feeling a little silly. \"I came out to have some alone time and not expecting to see anyone here, I guess I didn't see you. Then again I wasn't looking either.\" Phantom paused, stiffening at the sound of halting footsteps. \"Hello...I hear voices.\" Phantom gave an inner groan as reality came rushing back. The excitement of meeting Stripe and hearing his story had nearly made him forget everything else, But here came Brain to remind him that he was an outcast. He'd never said that, of course but...\" \"Phantom! You're alive!\" Brain sounded happy about that. Interesting? Phantom blinked. He hadn't thought Brain cared! Awh! \"Yeah.\" Well what was he supposed to say to that? Why had Brain expected him not to be alive? Had the overly intelligent gremlin believed Phantom was stupid enough to go out into the sun without the sunblock Brain himself had invented? Likely yes. Likely Brain thought everyone was stupid just because they weren't super smart like he now was. \"I just...Well...I didn't see how anyone could've survived that,\" Brain said haltingly. That was when Phantom truly looked at him. Brain seemed shaky and uncertain and his eyes were a little dazed behind the dumb looking glasses he wore. \"What are you talking about,\" he asked. \"I got some sunblock and came out here to be alone a while ago.\" Brain swallowed noisily, then fiddled with his jacket. \"I...I just saw my death flash, in disturbingly vivid detail, before my eyes. Everyone else got electrocuted. I barely managed to dodge aside from the water in time myself! And watching everyone else fry to death, devolving into horrid smelling puddles of goo quite obviously traumatized my mind to a very unexpected and heightened level. I imagined myself frying so vividly that I even felt it! For some reason in my mind, while I was dying, I continued to sing New York, New York.\" Brain looked baffled, shaking his head and spreading his brown scaled clawed hands. \"Needless to say as everyone else is really dead, that bit was not just in my mind I'm afraid, it was high time for me to get out of there!\" He grinned a little hysterically. \"So here I am!\" Stripe stepped forward then, raising a green scaled hand and slapping Brain hard across the face nearly knocking off his glasses. Brain blinked a few times, then nodded briskly. \"I suppose that was necessary, wasn't it? Thank you very much.\" Then blinking again he asked,\"And who might you be?\" Not interested in telling his story twice, Stripe gestured abruptly at Phantom. \"You tell him...Everything.\" He added that last bit after a slight hesitation. He'd probably be sticking with these two, and this strange one that seemed fascinatingly smart, may as well know his story too. To be continued. Disclaimer. These Gremlins are not our original characters, and these chapters are only fan fiction based on the 2 movies. For more gremlins awesomeness and a hint of what's to come, check out our youtube Gremlin rare figure reviews on the Jekyll Hyde Club. They're awesome and figures no one else has shown on any of the you tube toy review channels.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: We are not ready. By the Jekyll Hyde Club In this chapter Brain is very wise gremlin. Read on to see how. \"You have to stop.\" Brain spoke to Stripe, tone firm and eyes behind his spectacles intense as he regarded the other gremlin. Phantom had just finished granting Stripe's request to fill Brain in on who he was and his story in general, concluding with how Stripe had come here still on his long term mission to kill Gizmo and Billy. Stripe's mouth worked in shock for a moment and he glared before words finally came. \"You...you said what? You want me to do what,\" he spluttered. Brain smiled knowingly, shaking his head. \"Indeed no. It's not what I want you to do, but rather what I don't want you to do, old chap. Indeed what you must not do, in fact.\" He fell silent then, looking quite pleased with himself as he studied Stripe to see how the other gremlin would digest his words. \"But...\" Stripe let out a breath, shaking his head in frustration. \"Billy and Gizmo want to kill all gremlins,\" he said sharply. He jerked his head upward indicating the science building itself. \"Your people all just died in there. You told us this yourself. Billy and Gizmo were responsible for this again, I am sure.\" \"But of course,\" Brain agreed readily, nodding. \"You are right in all you say which indicates good sound thinking on your part,\" he praised Stripe. \"I think together that you and I would make an unstoppable team of leadership for gremlin kind. We will build an empire for our people unlike anything any gremlin or human has ever imagined in all the centuries and eons of the world itself,\" Brain said grandly. \"I have the brains and you have the cunning and the Braun,\" he complimented Stripe expansively, though he did mean his words as the white haired gremlin's story had impressed him for all that. Stripe still scowled, though, as Brain hadn't agreed that they should continue to stalk Billy and Gizmo as he had planned. \"We of course don't yet have this empire of which I speak, however, and not nearly enough gremlins to build it even,\" Brain said. \"It is for these very reasons that we must desist in this killing effort for a time,\" Brain pronounced. He straightened his shoulders then, and his tones took on those of a very wise and far older person as he spoke the next words. \"Conquering humans...killing Billy and Gizmo, takes much responsibility. We are not ready. Someday gremlins will be ready. For now, though, we need to lay low and perhaps find a different lab to break into as there are some things I will need.\" Disclaimer. These Gremlins are not our original characters and this is merely a work of fan fiction inspired by the Gremlins 1 and 2 movies. A continuation of how we see the characters carrying on and what they are doing now, as it were. We hope you are enjoying reading it as much as we are enjoying telling you about what they are up to now. If you find this interesting, please continue to read, because they do find a lab and more trouble than they bargain for in the process... Also do check out our you tube videos(Jekyll Hyde Club on youtube)for the rare Gremlins figures from the 80's and 90 that no one but us has reviewed. They're awesome![Chapter 5] \"When we left our fun loving green scaly friends back in chapter 4, after being a very wise gremlin, Brain decides that they need to find a lab because he requires some supplies...or as he may call them, the basic necessities of life.' They ran into a bit of trouble in that lab, though, and now they've left. This is a bit of a jump in time from chapter 4 to 5, lets say 2 days as we are not writing yet of their adventures in this lab, but there is a reason for that, no fear. It's one of the things that unfold later as you go...and as we all know that the gremlins can be trouble...well, yes, trouble will follow Gremlins!/ \"Cars could be heard whizzing by as the 3 small scaled creatures crawled out of the sewer grate. It had been an experiment...to explore down there, but they could all agree that it had failed. It had at least gotten them quickly away from that lab, though. The sewers had not been pleasant for traveling. Not at all. Well chasing that rat and pulling its tail then hanging onto it for a bit had been fun for Phantom, then he'd lost a little control and lifted the rat above his head, swinging it by the tail to use it as a baton. The thing landed on his face and gave him some nasty scratches. The gremlin was still rubbing unhappily at his face as he trudged up out of the smelly dankness after Stripe. He had sullenly pushed ahead of Brain, then wished he'd not. Brain was a little psychotic if you asked Phantom. Heed killed another of their lot just for goofing around while he, Brain, was talking. Really!\"It seemed their leader had set their next course of action. Phantom hurried eagerly after Stripe leaving Brain to shut the sewer grate behind them or leave it open for some dumb careless human to fall into, which ever he chose. Phantom just hoped Brain forgot that he'd pushed in front of him. Maybe Stripe could get away with that sort of thing, but Phantom didn't feel Brain took much in the way of anything he saw as a slight well. \" Well shit.\" Stripe was already in the garbage can making sounds of pleasure. He shoved fries into his mouth, morning the fact they were no longer crunchy but they still had nice flavor. He'd gotten into the bin first and even found himself a burger. An entire one too! No bites out of it yet at all and still in its wrapper. There were surely more, at least some chicken if nothing else, but the burger was the best and it was all Stripe's!\" His long ears twitching within a single moment of indecision, the gremlin most known for his mental acuity decided to leave the grate open. His lesser brethren might have found the spoils of human flesh appealing in their desperation, and he was repelled by the very thought, but the prospect of upsetting the perfectly controlled environment of his adversary, Dr Stein, was in itself priceless. If the doctor came after them he'd have a nice fall to look forward to. He thought they could collaborate with the good doctor on further steps in the evolutionary process, only to find disappointment within the government sponsored laboratory. The short sighted man pursued his own little ideas of robotics and monstrosity, and utterly ignored the potions that could genetically enhance the frontal lobe of the typical gremlin. He was not the only short sighted individual of course, Brain grimly considered, glaring at the callous attitude of Phantom who did not seem to believe in a civilized procession. But no matter, the well dressed gremlin knew he was merely long winded from having to clutch onto his fashionable glasses while being forced into taxing exercise of escaping his armed pursuers.\"So certain was he that they'd lost those who'd attempted to follow them that the confident and most brilliant of gremlins didn't even look around as he followed the others. The two guards that kept closest to their targets got trapped and lost not only their weapons, but also their lives. Brain was rather satisfied that now both he and their noble leader were the ones armed, and that Stripe also found a great source of nutrition for himself. Naturally the most intelligent of gremlins could not stoop so lo and wait for a good opportunity to rob a convenience store and get himself some food essentials, be they hot dogs, sandwiches or nachos. He still had not appetite really, so the wait should not be too difficult, especially when combined with the eager anticipation of their vengeful return to Dr Stein's lab. Maybe the human scientist would find himself more agreeable when his opponent could not be threatened quite as easily. The very thought made Brain happily chuckle, his musical baritone boding ill for all who stood in his tuned for chapter 6. Until then we have continued to add to our Gremlins collectables reviews, so check out our gremlins figures on our youtube review channel, Jekyll Hyde Club.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6, In which by this point it is completely safe to eat after midnight Phantom cringed and growled at Brain's chuckle which he feared was directed at his own sweet and gentle person. Well...okay... Phantom was always sweet to himself. Rubbing fretfully at the scratches the abominable rat had left on the right side of his face, (somehow it's claws had penetrated even through the thick scales,) the gremlin decided to try and stop thinking about it. He clambered into the trash bin to join their fearless leader in scrounging for hamburgers. He found an apple pie first, though, and began gobbling it down with glee. Phantom had no qualms what so ever about having dessert before dinner. \"Yummy, yummy,\" he crooned happily to himself in satisfaction. Stripe found another burger and tossed it over the edge of the bin to Brain. If the other gremlin had to climb in himself, Stripe was sure he would bitch the entire time about the stupid coat getting dirty. Stripe had no idea why Brain had the need to wear the thing anyway, mimicking the silly humans that were only good for terrorizing and providing them with entertainment. Finding another pie he tossed it over the high edge of the bin. The thing accidentally struck Brain in the head and Stripe tittered with laughter. Some accidents were funny after all. The next pie he found was for himself, and he began to eat hungrily. The place must have tossed it out for being burned but Stripe liked the extra crisp taste. \"Yummy,\" he growled, wiggling his toes and his tongue in equal pleasure as he continued to chomp on the pie. That was when some homeless guy decided to shamble up and not noticing Brain outside in the dark, bent over to rummage in THEIR bin. With a snarl Phantom's claws came up, clawed hands lifting to rake the man's scruffy bearded face. Happily Phantom went next for the eyes. He would now finally have some therapy...Working out his feelings about the rat. Stripe gave a cackle of glee, spraying pie crumbs with the sound, but not slowing his eating in the least. The man howled and shrieked in pain as Phantom's claws sank into his eye lids and staggered back. Swinging up onto the rim of the bin with one arm, Phantom gave the man's retreating arm a final swipe, then sank back inside, finally adding his own pleased cackle of victory to Stripe's own. \"Our bin,\" Phantom exclaimed. Brain's clawed hand reflexively reached out and caught the deliciously dripping burger at once. The gremlin was not entirely sure what made it drip and he was inclined to act judiciously on the matter. If the temptation never presented itself, he likely would simply let it be, but now that it was right in front of him, Brain hastily stuffed it into his mouth, turning away while chewing, from the shame he had been exposed to. Eating from a garbage bin was certainly NOT civolized. For that alone, as well as many other things, Dr Stein was going to pay. He was the reason they had to flee the lab, after all. Evidently their noble leader was in a generous mood, Brain gathered from the pie crust that toppled over his fashionable glasses, slightly the worse for wear now due to their being smudged by pie filling. Wiping them off in irritation took a few precious moments, distracting him from noticing the laughable threat that accosted his partners in crime. Wondering if it were prudent to let the beggar escape virtually unmolested, Brain came to the conclusion that he didn't care one bit about the aftermath, being too busy devouring the rest of the pie and cleaning himself afterwards. But thinking of the aftermath reminded him of another, partially important matter. \"Phantom, old chap. I forgot in all the haste to look at your face. Rat scratches are not always so good for the skin as one may think,\" the gremlin pompously declared. \"Infection could set in,\" he warned. He may have had a small interest in preserving the life of an ungrateful colleague but what truly weighed in on his decision to be helpful was the route such a remedy would take them on. A convenience store would be required, or some pharmacy, to obtain the cure and in either case, under the legitimate pretense of helping another, he would get to return to civilization once more. The very prospect made him lick his lips, possibly not as surreptitiously as he would have preferred From inside the trash bin, Phantom gave a snarl that, though wordless basically said 'don't you dare touch my face.\" He muttered something suspicious under his breath to Stripe concerning the fact a Gremlin would so casually kill via shooting another of his own kind for mere amusement...well Phantom wasn't going to allow Brain to touch his injured face. And it was injured, wasn't it? It hurt and having someone poking at it with their claw could only make it hurt worse. While you await more of the Gremlin Files, don't forget to check out our delightful youtube channel, Jekyll Hyde Club, for rare gremlin item reviews as well as other cool spooky stuff.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7, In which the gremlins hit up a store, otherwise known as Gremlin grocery shopping! Phantom slumped down onto his bottom in the food wrappers and cradled the right side of his face as gently as possible in a clawed hand. \"It hurts,\" he complained to Stripe. \"Bad rat!\" Stripe sighed, slurped the last of a strawberry milk shake that he'd somehow found in the trash, tossed the colorful paper cup aside, and swung up over the side of the bin with a grunt. Reaching down he dragged phantom out who only made a small sound of protest as he struggled to keep his face from being hurt yet further in such an endeavor. Stripe joined Brain then, gaze scanning the local area eagerly for a suitable store. It was now second nature to scope a place out while sticking to the shadows in order to remain unseen. Stores were ever plentiful so there was indeed one in sight. A larger one than he really wanted, a grocery store was just around the nearest corner and he took off for it with a resigned sigh. Larger was usually better...as it involved more fun, more chaos and more delightful things for a gremlin to get his hands into! Right now, though, Stripe just wanted to recover from the needlessly stressful insanity that was Brain's recent lab desaster. Recovering, for a gremlin, meant laying low for a little while. It looked as if they were going to hit up a big store instead. Time to go shopping! \"Food, cleaning for hurt face, wet wipes for bath,\" he muttered to Brain and half to himself. He didn't exactly feel like more Gremlins on their ass right now so a real bath in water was, for the moment, out of the question. He didn't relish smelling like a trashcan until he felt like dealing with new Gremlins, though, so it was time to get creative. Wet wipes for baby bottoms could clean them up if they scrubbed with enough of them. \"Big tub of wet wipes,\" he expounded. There were small packages too and what they needed was a big one. \"Face first,\" Phantom asked hopefully and Stripe shrugged as they rounded the corner into the store's lot. As they entered the revolving doors, Stripe's face spread into an eager grin and his eyes glittered with glee. \"So many things,\" he rasped. He'd planned on a quick in and out, he really had, but this store was large and there were so many things to enjoy one way or another. Perhaps he was recovered after all, and didn't need any down time! He toppled over a magazine wrack by the door to distract, to keep people busy with picking up those silly book looking things and not noticing them. The deli caught his eye and his nose too. He was basically full but more food for later wouldn't be bad. \"The face first,\" Phantom reminded, seeing where Stripe's eyes had gone. \"Brain face and I grab us food, and you shut up,\" Stripe said, assigning tasks quickly with the rapid sure speed of any leader. Alas there is no rest to be had for the poor Gremlins. They will not be allowed to shop in peace. Stay tuned to find out why...and yes it involves that dratted lab we were trying to avoid talking of too much until now. Until then, though, don't forget ot check our youtube channel, Jekyll Hyde Club, for fun gremlin reviews as there are more gremlin items to come and lots of other bits of spooky goodness. Do subscribe and hang out with us there too as we have great give aways![Chapter 8] Gremlin files chapter 8: In which the poor Gremlins are terrorized Phantom brought Stripe a shopping cart and the Gremlin leader began plopping anything from the store's deli into it that looked yummy. Trays of cheese and crackers, crab salad, shrimp salad. Several ready made sandwiches... Stripe was diverted from his busy task of shameless food thieving when a strong hand grasped his upper arm, spinning him around. \"Gismo has found a gremlin,\" a mechanical voice proclaimed. \"What,\" Stripe croaked and blinked. What was this thing? He'd never seen the like before. It was all metal and looked nothing at all like Gismo. The thought of Gismo capturing him, even though this was not Gismo, filled him with a near hysterical rage. Not again! Never again! Memories of remaining at the bottom of a fountain while he healed and feared he was dying instead flashed through his mind, lending more strength to his rage. He twisted in the literally iron grasp that held his arm to no avail then twisted again with the same result. the claws of his free hand swiped at the thing's odd looking clear screen that may be a face, and nothing happened. Stripe kicked at the thing, and only hurt his own poor tender foot but the thing that held him remained unmoved. \"Gismo has located a Gremlin. Gismo has captured a gremlin. Back to Dr. Stein now,\" the mechanical voice chanted. Wasn't Dr. Stupid the one who ran that lab Brain had gotten them stuck in? The scientists spoke of dna or something, Stripe didn't know and didn't care but it made Brain want to get them out even more. Stripe had no desire to return, though so peered around to instruct Phantom to bring Brain for back up. The 3 of them could take this...whatever it was, but Phantom was no where in sight! What was he to do? Stripe reached down and snatched a sandwich, tossing it at the screen face. Nothing happened. the grip on his arm wasn't loosened. \"We go now,\" the mechanical voice proclaimed and Stripe felt himself being dragged. Reflexively he smacked at the thing while frantically trying to come up with another plan. It was then that the machine began making a screeching buzzing sound as it suddenly stopped moving. The sound of poring liquid caused Stripe to glance around. Phantom was there, dumping an entire bottle of soda over the thing. It seemed the thing, whatever it was, didn't like soda. It' grip on Stripe's arm loosened and he danced back. \"Find Brain,\" Stripe said, and he headed off through the store with Phantom following. After a minute of silent running it occurred to the gremlin that he owed his companion a thank you. He vowed to give Phantom one of his chocolate bars the next time he got some. That was a huge sacrifice, after all. Until then...Stopping suddenly Stripe's head turned around. \"Thank you.\" Phantom grinned happily and nodded. A crash on the next isle drew their attention and there Brain was, not getting medication for Phantom's face as he'd been ordered to do, but standing near the meat, clutching a pack of already opened hot dogs sin one hand. His other was occupied, considering one of the machine things had hold of it. Phantom sighed and dashed off. Stripe supposed to grab more soda to kill it with.[Chapter 9] :Gremlin Files Chapter 9: In which Gremlins escape \"Now why don't you just turn around there, old fellow, and let me get a good look at your circuits,\" Brain was saying to the machine thing. Stripe wondered if the genius gremlin could take the thing apart. He was optimistic on that until the thing refused to turn around or to allow Brain at the back of it. Brain's arm was still in its grip, so he had little to work with in way of maneuvering. Instead he sighed and bit into one of thee hot dogs in the open pack he held. \"I told you to get something to clean Phantom's face so it wouldn't get infected from the rat scratch,\" Stripe burst out in a sudden surge of articulate words. He scowled at Brain in rushed back then and dumped soda on the machine, once again with success! It made the odd sounds and stopped moving, letting Brain go. Brain could recall Stipe's orders, but he had to admit to being somewhat distracted. When he'd approached the disinfectants isle, he had noticed a pack of hotdogs and a fruity pie. Laying about on the next wrack and clearly inviting one to devour them. Brain had accepted their invitation and could not regret a single hungry bite. Those hot dogs were just the thing he needed, after long moments of escape from Dr Stein and his goons. It was admittedly a strange choice of a goon, but, Brain supposed, nothing else could be expected from a narrow minded megalomaniac scientist. Its construction had to be simple enough, the wisest of Gremlins should have no problem figuring it out.. It was then that humans began yelling from the Deli, obviously having spotted the first machine. \"Time to go,\" Stripe crowed and sprinted for the door. \"My face,\"Phantom objected, but ran along at his side. \"Apologies old chap, the humans were in the way to the medicine isle, we shall attend to you as soon as possible,\" Brain gravely reassured the musically inclined Gremlin. He was not sure if Phantom was mollified or not, as his attention turned towards a tall building Stripe had pointed out to them. Brain had to admit, he hasn't gotten a chance to watch a full movie just yet and was looking forward to the experience. So when Stripe led them in, he followed almost as eagerly as the ever obedient Phantom. \"I may be wrong,\" the bespectacled Gremlin thoughtfully started. \"I haven't seen him in a while, afte all, but isn't it Cinema down there?\" Brain wondered, pointing towarda a familiar lone figure in the front row.[Chapter 10] Gremlin Files Chapter 10: In which a movie is seen Stripe felt himself stiffen when Brain drew their attention to a figure. Was it another of those things they'd darted into this theater, then into the first movie door they got to, to escape from? They'd not even bothered to see which movie was showing. Thoughts of the movie caused Stripe's gaze to rise toward the screen rather than toward the figure Brain had indicated. A red haired doll holding a knife ran after a child, which made Stripe crow with laughter. \"Hi, I'm Chucky. Wanna play?\" Apparently the doll talked too! Stripe laughed again, adding enthusiastic clapping this time, then recalling that they could perhaps still be in danger he glanced where Brain indicated. To his surprise his eyes fell on another gremlin, as enthralled by the doll on the movie screen as Stripe was a moment ago. \"Thought they were all dead,\" he murmured half to himself. Weren't he Phantom and Brain the only survivors from that insane Lab where Billy and Gismo had ended up? Darting forward, Stripe zoomed down the isle of seats until he reached the other gremlin. Darting in front of him, he got a good look at his face. The face wore 3d movie glasses. Could it be? \"Cinema!\" The gremlin, riveted by the doll, started slightly nearly dropping his huge box of popcorn. Popcorn! \"Yum!\" Stripe reached greedily for the box. Clutching it in one arm his other hand began shoving fistfuls into his mouth. Ah the ghooy crunchy buttery goodness! \"Stripe! It's you!\" Cinema shocked him with a brief hug and clap on the shoulder. \"I thought you died along with the rest of them! It's so good to see you! I've been alone for so long!\" \"I thought you died too,\" Stripe said, feeling Brain and Phantom approaching, but not turning away from his current conversation or the popcorn either. \"I was saved by following you actually,\" Cinema said. \"When you left the theater to see what that stupid Gismo and his human were up to, I followed. It saved me when they exploded the whole thing. Then...then I thought I saw them kill you, so what happened?!\" Stripe quickly explained how he'd hidden in the water, and how it had healed him, if slowly. He concluded with a shrug. \"I'm sorry. I guess I wasn't the best leader,\" he said uncomfortably. \"I got them all blown up and...I nearly got myself killed. I just didn't know what to do with all the attacks. We were just playing and they tried to kill us! They killed most of us!\" \"I know. It wasn't your fault,\" Cinema said. The words were nice in a way Stripe didn't expect to care about. It meant a lot, and he gave the glasses wearing gremlin an appreciative look. To show his gratitude he even handed back over the box of popcorn. \"Ah you can have it,\" Cinema said with a careless wave of his hand. \"I can get more. I live here now. In this theater! It's great! I get all the yummy food and drink I can eat, and it's warm and safe and dark! I learned about New York from watching movies in that first little town,\" Cinema explained. \"They say anyone can get lost in New York City, and so I thought...what a perfect place to stay alive and hide! I can keep out of sight when people are here, and once the theater loses I come out to get food! You can live her too! It's great.\" He waved over Stripe's shoulder at Brain and Phantom. Phantom, who hadn't been hatched yet when they had known Cinema gave a shy smile, but remained behind Stripe.[Chapter 11] Gremlin Files Chapter 11 in which Brain makes himself eat Brain nodded with satisfaction at the screen. He was not familiar with the murderous doll itself, but could understand what made the horror genre so popular with the humans. Satisfied with their progress, devoid of natural predators, humanity clearly needed to be challenged. That is why it invented various horror monsters, enormous animals, and supernatural thrillers. They needed to see somebody who would be superior to them in their ability to survive. Humans were resting too easily. Which meant they were beginning to lose their edge at the top of the predator pyramid, and even they instinctively realized it. Unbeknownst to them of course, another race was slowly getting ready to take over. His race, the Gremlins. Despite the few setbacks they have experienced, at the hands of Billy, Gizmo and Dr Stein, they were now more organized than ever before. Brain supposed some of it could be attributed to his own skills at leadership. Stripe was correct of course. He had been destracted by thoughts of vengeance against Gizmo. Brain simply had to step in. And he guided the Gremlins, and culled the weak. Currently he had some ideas on how to improve the race, to make the next generation stronger...but he sensed the timing was not right to voice them. Stripe was being sentimental, and even when he wasn't, there were few Gremlins who could appreciate his genius. That was the main reason he attempted to strike a bargain with a seemingly like minded human, Dr Stein, who abused his genius and turned in against them all, with his killing Gizmo machine. That was one betrayal Brain would never forgive. And now because of that, instead of brilliantly applying himself, he didn't even know what he could do, other than perhaps eat. \"Can I have some, and greetings to you, by the way, Cinema,\" Brain reluctantly spoke, reaching for a bit of pop corn. He never fully went for the sweets, they were Stripe's thing, but Brain remembered attempting a slice of an apple pie that went fairly well into him, and figured it was time to try something new. \"What manner of movies have you been watching anyway? Anything educational?\" Brain hopefully inquired, fervently hoping for some inspiration in regards to what could be done next.[Chapter 12] Gremlin files, chapter 12 in which gremlins catch up and share information While Brain snacked on the popcorn Stripe and Phantom caught Cinema up on what he'd missed. The new batch, the lab and how many gremlins had gotten enhanced with potions. \"Brain even used a gun on a Gremlin, but he was annoying. Just be careful not to annoy him,\" Phantom whispered to Cinema. Cinema slowly nodded, feeling a little uncomfortable with the idea that a Gremlin would attack his own. Gizmo himself of course did not count, since he was an abomination, not a true Gremlin. But killing a true Gremlin...that made Brain unpredictable to his mind. It reminded him too much of all these movies. About Caligula and Tiberius and Nero. Dictators always were out of control and had to be put down. Those were only human dictators of course but then when a Gremlin started thinking like a human, acting like a human, even killing like a human, perhaps he needed to be feared like a human. Stripe frowned, giving Brain a sidelong look. \"no more guns.\" Billy had made him use a gun to defend himself. That had been forced onto him and he still hated it. \"Why of course, old chap. We are now in the company of friends. There are no more unreliable elements, ones who could not be trusted, or would be disruptive. So guns are no longer necessary. It is but a given,\" Brain spoke in his charming baritone, or rather a baritone he found charming and might have went beyond the ability of common Gremlins to appreciate. \"So then we got away and Brain needed something from another lab and we did that and had to get away again and the scientists sent robots after us that called themselves Gizmo of all things. Brain told them too much,\" Phantom concluded slumping down glumly into a seat near Cinema's own and turned his gaze to regard Chucky's antics on the screen. \"I most certainly did not tell them too much, or we would already be dead,\" Brain countered between taking several cautious bites of popcorn. \"You see Phantom dear, you are probably not evolved enough to appreciate this fine point, but communication is the hallmark of a cultured species. Species hat seek to cooperate, must communicate to the best of their ability. And by that I mean sharing thoughts, ideas, even minor secrets at times. Had my plan been successful we would have been able to recreate our species, propel it to its fullest potential, you see. It is hardly my fault that Dr Stein proved to be as short sighted as yourself and betrayed my trust. I always hold the best interest of all Gremlins at heart, but mistakes do happen so that we can learn from them and get stronger. Just look at our noble leader, how far he has progressed in his discoveries,\" Brain pointed at Stripe, as if the latter's evolution was his own achievement. \"There is other food out front, but it's easier to get when the theater closes,\" Cinema said a little fearfully, trying to change the subject. \"There is plenty of candy,\" he said, looking toward Stripe, then back to the other two, and chips with cheese on them, very messy and good, and for meat there are hotdogs, and lots of good stuff to put onto them!\" \"Oh, hotdogs, they were meant for consumption. Human may be too prone to degenerate pop culture, but their snacks can be positively divine,\" Brain heartily endorsed, making Cinema tentatively smile and recall the earlier question. \"Speaking of education, I did watch a number of interesting movies. There were documentaries on extinct animals that were described as larger copies...of ourselves strangely. Some talked about rain and electricity. Then, there was a movie about a human who acted surprisingly like our Flasher...But my personal favorite was the Rise and Fall of Roman Empire...\" Cinema concluded and then realized Brain might not appreciate hearing of dead tyrants, since by all accounts, he might have been one himself. Seeing Brain's approving nod, Cinema began describing other genres, especially comedies and fairies tales that had a unique charm many Gremlins could relate to. ","Summary":" Unless otherwise stated, these characters are from the Gremlins 1 and 2 movies, and not our origina"},{"Movie":"Gremlins","Title":"Gremlins 3: Stripe Strikes Back","Author":"badberry123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6776119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Gremlins characters except for Angela. Oh and just to let you know it takes place close to the end and right after Gremlins 2 if you are wondering why the quotes are there. And, in this story Greta has a secret past with a certain someone from the first movie (in the past she is the Gremlin that dressed up like a woman.) you will find out more in the story. And in the story the Brain Gremlin is called just Brain in this story just thought that I'd let you know just in case you viewers there got confused. Enjoy! ^^ \"Mr. Futterman, turn on the hose!\" yelled Billy, as he held the phone down to the Gremlins, who were having the time of their lives below them. Mr Futterman just nodded, turned on the hose and aimed it down to the Gremlins below. \" New York, New YOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRK! \" The Brain Gremlin sang he hit his high note and opened up his jacket at the same time, which then, the song ended. However, just as Brain was about to say something to his army, he saw a blast of water heading downwards and – straight for him. As soon as he saw the water, Brain acted fast and jumped straight out of the way and headed straight behind a box where Daffy and a few other Gremlins were planning how to crazily change the statue of Liberty into something completely different and, where the music instruments were. He watched as his entire army were on the floor, screaming as new Gremlins were beginning to spawn from their backs and did his best not to be seen. That's when the Electric Gremlin came to action, Brain then got back behind the box and got low as he could and peeped round as the Electric Gremlin shocked his entire army leaving them helplessly bleeding in puddles of green, slimy goo melting to the floor. He looked up at the humans and Gizmo on the balcony and gritted his teeth in anger. \"Curses!\" he muttered, as he peeped round the box. Brain then straightened his clothes out and was about to step out until he heard voices. \"CHARRRRRRRGE!\" came the voice of Mr. Clamp which was followed by feet running across the building floor and slipping across his dead army. Brain then stopped dead and got back to where he was, he then looked round to see a man dressed in a Vampire costume walking up to Mr. Clamp with a camera man following behind and watched them for a moment before looking around and trying to think of a plan to get out of there trajectory. But, that soon wore off when he saw those who were responsible for killing his army walk down the stairs to Mr. Clamp and they started to have what he would call a civilised chat. As he watched them, his eyes casted upon the Mogwai dressed in a Rambo headband. Oh, how Brain wanted to get revenge on that Mogwai, it was his fault that this happened. Oh how he wanted to kill the Mogwai so badly, he was so close to getting Gremlin civilisation and failed because of him. He was going to get revenge on that Mogwai... somehow. Right now he had to stay low, not get seen and somehow get out of the building when they had gone. But, his eyes never left that Mogwai who was the source of his problems. As hours went by, Mr. Clamp, Marla, the guy dressed in the Vampire suit, the camera men and the reporters were finally gone and Brain finally came out of hiding. Brain walked through the remains of his dead, gooey army, looking back at the gooey mess for 1 last time before walking up the stairs to get to higher ground. He kept walking up the stairs of the building until he thought that he was high enough from the ground floor, however Brain kept walking, his hand was gripping his chin and he was deep in thought about 2 things. They were... How to get out of the building And... How to get revenge on Gizmo \"How am I going to get out of this civilised building, I wonder...\" Brain said, whilst deep in thought. \"And that Mogwai... Hmmmmmmm...\" Brain also said quietly to himself, whilst standing still, gripping his chin and deeply thinking hard. \"Mmmmmm...\" Brain muttered, whilst trying to think of a plan of revenge. Brain then stopped when he could hear something, he then stopped thinking and looked all around him to find out where the sound was coming from, and as it got closer he could then figure out what the noise was, it was... \"Mmmmmm, mmmmmm, kissy kissy!\" came the voice from nowhere. Brain then looked behind him to see... Greta skipping down towards him in her bride gown and still holding her lot of flowers. Brain then just whacked his forehead in annoyance. \"UH! Out of all the people or Gremlins in the world, why did I have to bump into her!\" Brain muttered whilst keeping his hand on his forehead and hanging his head down. \"Hey Brainy.\" Greta said dreamily as she came to stop when she got to him. \"Oh, Hey Greta.\" Brain replied in a dull voice, whilst raising his head, taking his claw off his head and folding his arms in annoyance. \"What ya doin?\" Greta asked, whilst walking all around him then stopped when she got behind his back. \"Y'know, just walking round.\" Brain replied, he was finding her excruciatingly annoying. \"Oh, but I was thinking that we could, Y'know.\" Greta replied, whilst wrapping her arms round his waist. \"Get together.\" Greta whispered in his ear. Before she could do anything else to try and come on to him, Brain yanked himself away quickly and stood about 5 cm away from her. \"I don't have time for your love games Greta! I've got to figure a way out of this damn building then, get revenge on that wimpy Mogwai they call Gizmo.\" Brain shouted frustratingly, he then turned round and started walking away. Greta just stared at him as he walked and lowered her head down. Gizmo? She remembered that name somewhere before, her past was all coming back to her now and if she told Brain, it would be perfect, for many reasons, and she would do it for a certain someone and they would supposedly be proud of her and if she didn't jump at the chance now then she never will impress that certain someone. \"Brainy, WAIT!\" Greta called, whilst running up to Brain. Brain then turned round slightly, looking at Greta with annoyance on his face. \"What do you want now? If it's anything lovey-dovey make it quick because to me it's uncivilised!\" Brain whined at her. Greta just looked at Brain straight in the eyes, not taking her eyes off him for a second. \"That Mogwai named Gizmo, I know him Brain.\" She said. Brain then looked interested and he widened his eyes to show it. \"And your point is?\" he said quietly. \"I want to help you with your revenge Brain. Cause, I want revenge to.\" Greta replied. Surprised as ever, Brain's eyes once again widened. He never thought that Greta would want to help him with his revenge for Gizmo, he always thought of her as an annoyance and that her next thing would be kissing the nearest person or thing she saw and she didn't seem to care about that Mogwai... until now. So what did she have against Gizmo that Brain or anyone else knew about, why was she helping him? \"Of course Greta, but, why do you want to help me? I thought you never gave a care in the world about Gizmo.\" Brain replied, who was surprised at her previous statement Greta then sighed and threw her flower across the floor. \"It's a long story Brain.\" Said Greta, giving Brain a sad smile and taking off her veil as she said it. Brain then walked up to her and put one hand on her shoulder, this made him curious. \"Tell me everything.\" He said comfortingly. Greta turned to look at him and started her story. \"Well it started when...\" So this, is the first chapter that will contribute to something big! What do you think that Greta's confession will be about, and how do you think that it will help Brain with his ultimate plan of revenge against Gizmo? You will find out in the next upcoming chapter! ^^ Hope you enjoyed this opening chapter, please review and have a good day! ^^[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 is up! Time to find out about Greta's past and... Disclaimer: I don't own any Gremlins characters except for Angela And now, CONTINUE... \"Well, it started when I was in this town named Kingston falls and I was spawned from a Gremlin named Stripe, he was an evil Gremlin with a cold heart who was spawned from Gizmo.\" Greta started, turning her head to look up as she said it. \"Yeah, and what happened?\" Brain questioned, his hand still on her shoulder. \"Well, me and Stripe had some wonderful memories together especially that time when he shot a cheater in poker after I told him the Gremlin was cheating.\" Greta continued and giggled at her last statement. \"Yeah, yeah then what happened?\" Brain grumbled, getting bored of her romantic talk. \"Well, then we all went to the theatre and Stripe then went somewhere so I tried to find him cause I was getting worried, I also escaped the theatre when it got blown up.\" Continued Greta. \"Yeah... then what?\" Brain questioned again. \"Well, I then finally found him in a department store, well I saw him through the window in a garden centre and... and...\" Greta continued, whilst choking on her words on the last part. \"And...\" Brain said quietly, whilst smirking. \"GIZMO KILLED HIM!\" Greta screamed, nearly crying in the process of saying it. \"Really? How?\" Brain asked, curious. \"He came racing down in a toy car when Stripe had almost won the battle and Stripe was about to shoot him until... he opened the blinds and the sunlight went through, I was protected at the time because of my sunglasses from the theatre.\" Greta continued, her big lips then turned to a frown, thinking about the memory. \"And through one blast of Sunlight Stripe was dying, plus, he had his finger in the fountain so the boils on his back also stopped him from doing anything. After that, it cursed me to know that he was dead, I loved him Brain, more than anyone, then I swore to myself that if I ever saw that Mogwai again... God help him! I also stayed hidden for days on the streets so no-one would see me.\" Greta continued whilst going through different emotions. \"But, if you love him how come you cling to other people and smooch them and, how did you even get in this building?\" Brain questioned again. \"Well, about the building, I came in because there were Gremlins; it was a chance to be with my own kind again, reminded me back to the old days, good times. And about my flirty nature, I come on to you and Forster because you have Stripe's brains and your intelligence reminds me of him and as for Forster he is basically the human version of Stripe to be honest so, I imagine that it's him, looking back at me. And the reason I want to help you is because Stripe was my only love and I would be doing this for him.\" Greta finished. Brain just nodded, taking everything in. This Stripe character looked like he could be a BIG part in his revenge for Gizmo; this was getting better and better. Brain then got a formulated idea in his head; to him, this was going to be spectacular! He then turned to Greta and grinned mischievously. \"Hey Greta.\" Brain said, whilst grinning evilly. \"What? You have something on your mind Brainy?\" Greta asked curiously. \"Oh yes, and I think that you'd like it.\" Brain said, his grin got even wider. \"What is it?\" Greta questioned, she was curious to know why he was acting the way he was. \"Well, I was thinking, what if we somehow brought this Stripe or whatever his name is back to life you could get revenge together on Gizmo plus, with my brains and his sadistic destruction or whatever he's good at. We will make an excellent and civilised team.\" Brain explained, whilst grinning. \"You always have to say civilised don't you? Stripe won't do with it, he won't care for it.\" Greta stated. \"TOUGH! He will have to! But, deal?\" Brain replied. \"Deal.\" Greta said flirtily \"but, how are we going to bring him back?\" she asked, whilst putting her hands on her hips. \"Well, I'll need the ingredients to make a healing potion besides; he's not the only one I plan on bringing back.\" Brain replied, whilst buttoning up his jacket. \"Really? Who else do you plan on bringing back?\" Greta questioned, whilst widening her eyes in surprise. \"Well, let's just say that I'll be bringing back 4 little Mogwai's that started it all in this building.\" Brain replied. Greta just nodded, she knew who he meant but, she was looking forward to see her former master again more than anybody. \"Now come-on we gotta get the goo in some extractors and then get out of here.\" Brain said, as he started walking and was also trying to find the way to the stairs that he came up from. Greta just nodded and followed him as they toured down flights of stairs to get to where Brain's dead army was to find Daffy, Lenny and George's gooey remains. When he finally found them he pulled out 3 of the 4 extractors he had from his pockets and extracted the goo up them. Greta, however, was holding up her bridal gown and was gritting her teeth together as she looked around. Brain spotted this and found it really annoying. \"Greta, put down your dress, honestly.\" Brain whined as he put the extractors in his pockets. \"BUT, I DON'T WANT TO GET IT DIRTY THERE'S GREMLIN BLOOD ON THE FLOOR FOR GOD'S SAKE!\" Greta screamed loudly. \"OK! OK! Don't get carried away, SHEESH!\" Brain spat at her \"but, it's technically...\" \"UNCIVILISED! Yes I know! Can't wait till Stripe comes back! Then I won't have to listen to you going on!\" Greta spat back at him. Brain just gritted his teeth. \"I'm trying not to lose my temper with you, deary.\" Brain growled through clenched teeth. \"Ha! You're so cute when you're angry!\" Greta replied seductively. \"Let's just get to Mohawk's burnt body, shall we!\" Brain whined at her, before whipping round and walking off quickly. Greta just smiled, giggled and walked after him. After consuming part of Mohawk's ashes, Brain and Greta looked around for a place to escape well, it was mostly Brain doing that as Greta never had that superior intellect he had. Brain then spotted a pipe on the side, one of them big ones that they both could fit in. He then looked out the Smokey, dirty window close by and saw that it actually goes to a garbage box, he smiled at this, thinking that it would be a good place to hide until nightfall, he then looked at his watch it was actually 7:00pm and it was actually quite dark and it was convenient for him because it was Winter and it usually starts getting dark early then, he then grinned. \"Come-on Greta, down that pipe, NOW!\" Brain whined, whilst coming up to her and trying to beckon her down the pipe. He knew that she wouldn't like the smell of trash and would be complaining a lot especially because her stupid bride gown getting dirty so, he just wanted to get this over with. \"WAIT! I need to see where that pipe goes to first!\" Greta objected before running to the window that Brain was looking out of. Brain once again slapped his forehead; he knew where this was going. The next thing he saw was Greta whip round to him like lightning and started poking him in the chest. \"I'M NOT GOING DOWN THAT PIPE!\" Greta screamed out loudly. Brain only smirked. \"What's the matter? Afraid of a little garbage Greta? Awwwww, Stripe will be so disappointed in you.\" Brain teased, and he was nearly cracking up in the process of teasing her. \"Shut up Brain! I just don't want to get dirty!\" Greta spat at him, whilst walking backwards to the pipe. \"Heh, tough luck cause your gonna get dirty.\" Brain replied whilst walking to her with his hands towards her. \"NO WAY AM I-.\" Greta started but was cut off as Brain pushed her down the pipe. Brain just cringed as he heard all the noise she made as she was going down and also heard a BIG thump at the bottom and a scream was heard. He then quickly looked out the window again to see if any humans were out there who heard Greta, luckily there wasn't so, he took this chance to slide down to her himself. When he got down, he then looked around to see if anyone was watching before getting hit on the head by Greta. \"OUCH! WHAT WAS THAT FOR!\" Brain yelled as he turned to Greta in anger, whilst holding his head. \"FOR MAKING ME GET DIRTY THAT'S WHAT, YOU HAVE NO MANNERS DO YOU, HONESTLY...\"Greta screeched. Brain just yawned in response and as she went on he looked back to see a dog running down the path and knew that his owner would soon come walking by. \"BRAIN, ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO ME!\" Greta screeched again. \"Greta, get down!\" Brain said, ushering her to get down quickly. \"FINE, I'LL GET DOWN! SHEESH! You men are hard work these days!\" Greta growled before going down in amongst the garbage. As soon as she got down Brain quickly followed her as he shut the lid of the garbage box. When they both were down in the garbage they sat quiet as they waited for the human to go past with his dog before they planned what to do next. \"So, what now Einstein?\" Greta questioned seductively, while winking in a flirty way at Brain. Brain just frowned and tried to ignore the fact that she winked in such a way at him. \"Well, I'll need to go to a shop to get the ingredients ready for the potion and, Greta do you have Stripe's body locked away somewhere? Is it in a Unknown location? Or what?\" Brain asked, curiously. \"Well, come to think of it, I do actually have Stripe's body, I have his skeleton.\" Greta replied. \"YES! But WHERE!\" Brain asked annoyingly, he was getting impatient with Greta's stupidity. \"In my hideout, somewhere round here, I think.\" Greta replied, while trying to remember the setting of her current residence. \"Good! Ok, here's the plan I'm going to the shop right? To get some ingredients then we'll go to your hideout.\" Brain said. \"NU-UH! I need to go to the clothes shop and change cause these clothes I have on now are just filthy.\" Greta whined, before looking round at her bride gown which was covered in dirt and Gremlin blood. \"Fine! Whatever you say Greta, we can split ways I'll find a shop and you find a clothes store then we can meet back up here and go straight to your hideout.\" Brain replied. Greta just nodded in approval. \"Ok, come-on let's see if everything's clear.\" Brain said, whilst climbing through the garbage box to the top to check. \"Is everything clear Brainy?\" Greta asked. \"Yeah, come-on were getting out of here!\" Brain replied, whilst trying to get out of the box and then hitting the floor. Greta then peeped out and looked round. \"Brainy, can you help out of here?\" Greta whined sadly. \"NO WAY! You can get out yourself!\" Brain whined at her, but not even looking at her. \"Brainy, if you don't help me out of here in 10 seconds, I'll stand here and... I'll scream.\" Greta whined sadly then said it seductively at the screaming part. Brain then growled, before whipping round to her with nothing but anger on his face. \"FINE! I'LL HELP YOU OUT!\" Brain shouted whilst going to the garbage box. Brain then went inside the box and picked her up bridal style. \"Thanks Brainy, your such a gentleman.\" Greta said seductively whilst snuggling up to his jacket. \"Shut up!\" Brain whined in response before he just threw her down to the floor Greta then got up and rubbed her bottom. \"Well, I'll see you later, Handsome!\" Greta said seductively before blowing a kiss at Brain and walked off. When she turned the corner, Brain walked the other way and thought hard. \" Thank God she wasn't coming to the shop with me, that Greta is so annoying. Anyway, with this revenge for Gizmo, its going better than I thought all I have to do is bring Stripe and the 4 Mogwai's back, ask Stripe to agree with me and create his own army and then it will be perfect!\" Brain thought \"Gizmo, were coming to get you!\" Brain thought again, before sneaking in through the shop door. So, how do you think Brain's plan of action to bring Stripe back will turn out? Will it succeed and more importantly, will both of these Gremlins see eye to eye or is it going to be a blood bath of a partnership? Find out in the next chapter of Gremlins 3: Stripe Strikes Back! ^^ Please review and hope that you are still enjoying this story! ^^[Chapter 3] Once again, I do not own the Gremlins characters except for Angela Hope that you viewers there are liking the story ^^ And...ONWARD! Once Brain was inside, he shut the door behind him and looked around in the darkness of the shop however, he could see perfectly in the dark as many Gremlins would, his eyes were his torch as he walked around, trying to find the ingredients he needed for his creation. \"Hmmmmmmm, nope, nope.\"Brain kept saying as he scanned the shelves Brain then kept walking until he came to the herb shelves where he picked up some Vanilla, camomile and some tea-tree before going to the fruit aisle to get some tomatoes. When Brain got everything he pulled out his list and looked at it carefully. \"Now then, what have I got? Hmmmmmmm... I've got the Vanilla, camomile, tea-tree and the tomatoes and all I need is... some Gremlin blood.\" \" DAMN! I forgot about that I should of got a random Gremlin's blood while we were in the building, DAMN!\" Brain thought mentally He then looked around him mentally, trying to think of something, he then stopped to see a blood transferor that was supposed to be for charity and smirked, he knew just what to do as he trundled in the room and shut the door behind him. After about 20 mins at least, Brain came back out the door with a huge scar on his arm that hurt mentally whenever you touched the scar or touch near it and blood was staining his shirt, but he didn't care, he put his jacket on and walked out the shop. When he got out, he walked straight to the garbage box to see Greta wearing a leopard patterned gold dressing gown with high heeled shoes that were brighter than the yellow highlighter. Brain then stopped to see that she had a devilish smirk on her face. \" Oh damn, what's she up to?\" Brain thought mentally, whilst looking at Greta in the eyes \"Hey Brainy, what'cha think?\" Greta said lovingly whilst tearing open her dressing gown to see a bra and knickers showing off, out in the open \"Greta, honestly, that is so uncivilised, really!\" Brain whined at her in surprise \"But, but – I was trying to impress you.\" Greta cried Brain just folded his arms. \"So? Come-on, let's just get to your hideout!\" Brain whined, whilst walking past her with the ingredients in his arms \" God! I can't wait until Stripe or whoever he is comes back, then she can go on to him for a bit. In fact, the more she tries to come on to me, the more that I think that she was lying about what she said about Stripe.\" Brain thoughtas he walkedbehind Greta, who raced ahead of him so she could lead. They went through an alley until Greta climbed over a fence with Brain following close behind. \"There it is!\" Greta said happily, whilst skipping over to her hideout Brain just stared at it in awe; it was a small brown shed, with colourful, flashy lights surrounding it also surrounding it was feather boas, Hawaii necklaces, Hawaii skirts and of course, bra's the shed was also painted in a hot pink colour and the name Greta was graffitied on there twice on the front in light pink with hearts on. \"Gorgeous isn't it?\" Greta said joyfully \"I guess.\" Brain replied \"But, come-on let's get in there and get cooking.\" The 2 of them then went inside and shut the door behind them; Brain went to get started on the potion while Greta went to get changed – again! After rubbing off all the lipstick marks on the bowl, Brain put in his herbs and squeezed in the juice from the tomatoes before chopping the skin up from the Tomatoes, throwing that in and releasing the Gremlin blood into the concoction. He then got a wooden spoon and mixed it all together. So far, it smelt terrible. Greta then came skipping in wearing a red cropped blouse, which had her belly showing off and was undone, except for the button at the bottom with a short demin skirt which was nowhere near her knee cap and was still wearing the bright yellow highlighter heels. As Brain was mixing up the potion he was thinking about his leadership with Stripe, questions ran through his head like... What's he like? Will he agree with me? Would he rather be a loner when it comes to leading? Brain didn't know, but if there was going to be another leader in the Gremlin horde, he needed to know. He looked at Greta who was dusting the hideout with a feather duster. \"Hey Greta, I have something to ask.\" Said Brain \"Yeah, what is it?\" Greta asked \"What's Stripe like as a leader? Is he really evil?\" Brain asked, really curious and ears listening for the answer \"Yeah, he's really evil Brain, he'll kill you for the slightest thing like that poker Gremlin cheater I told you about.\" Greta said, then giggled after the end of her statement. \"Anything else to say about him?\" Brain asked \"Brain, if you want to be joint leader with Stripe, it won't happen.\" Greta explained \"Why not? what do you mean?\" Brain questioned quickly, whilst nearly going out of his mind \"Well, Stripe don't like anyone disagreeing with his commands and always likes to take the lead all the time, likes to be center all the time, he may take you in for 2nd in command but for that its Unlikely.\" said Greta Brain then stopped mixing his potion and thought about what Greta had just told him. Stripe was evil, too evil and would rather keep the leading task to himself and with how much revenge was brewing in Stripe's mind he would definately want to go ahead with it himself. Brain then looked up at the ceiling and started mixing again, he was now hoping to be at least in 2nd command at least but, from what Greta was saying he doubted that would happen but, he wanted revenge on Gizmo as much as Stripe did maybe, if not, more. So, he still wanted to bring Stripe back, for now. He looked down at his potion and spotted that it was nearly done. He smiled. \"Hey Greta, I think the potion's done, you can get Stripe's body.\" Brain said, smirking \"OH GOODY!\" Greta screeched whilst running to the cupboard where Stripe's skeleton was held and placed it on her own bed Brain then poured the potion in the nearest bottle, walked over, put Mohawk's ashes on the table and dropped about 3-5 drops of the potion on them. \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING! I THOUGHT WE WERE BRINGING BACK STRIPE FIRST!\" Greta shouted, annoyed \"Well, I thought that it would be better if we tested it, on the 4 Mogwai's first.\" Brain suggested \"Brain, LOOK!\" Greta screamed the ashes, herbs, the toms (tomatoes) and blood turned into one green blob that spreaded out into a Mogwai shape on the table, the next thing was the eyeballs were growing and the fur and everything soon, it was like an all new Mohawk and, he was lying there, just with his eyes closed, Mohawk then slowly opened his eyes, sat up, yawned and stretched. \"OMG! I don't beilieve it, it worked!\" Brain exclaimed, enchanted at what he created Greta, however was too stunned for words. Mohawk then stood up, crossed his arms and spotted Brain and Greta staring at him, which he found annoying. \"Who are you? Nerd and Ugly?\" Mohawk teased, then cackled evilly \"I'M NOT UGLY!\" Greta screeched, she was about to run at the Mogwai, but Brain held her back \"Excuse me Mohawk, but I don't think you remember us, you were a spider Gremlin fighting Gizmo last time I checked.\" Brain said, whilst smirking and holding Greta back \"Oh yeah, that, last thing I remember was dying from fire cause of wimpy Gizmo.\" Mohawk said, while grinning \"Well, don't worry were going to get revenge on him by bringing back one of his old enimies, Stripe his name is. By the way, I'm Brain and behind me is Greta.\" said Brain \"COOL! But, how come I'm a Mogwai again?\" Mohawk asked, curious and slightly annoyed \"Well, we are saving most of the potion for Stripe, you see, cause he's important.\" Brain replied \"Plus were bringing back George, Lenny and Daffy to.\" \"George, Lenny and Daffy? SWEET!\" Mohawk exclaimed, excited \"BRAIN, MOHAWK HELP ME OUT HERE!\" Greta screamed Brain and Mohawk turned to see Greta running round like a loonatic with a ginger Mogwai with black spots and white fur in her hair that was ripping her hair out. The Mogwai was also laughing his head off like as if nothing was happening and was bouncing on her head to. \"GRETA, YOU IDIOT, YOU SHOULD OF LET ME DO IT!\" Brain yelled as he ran to pull the Mogwai out, which he did The Mogwai was then struggling to get out of Brain's grasp by going mad in his arms and laughing hystericly and his eyes were going in all directions. \"BRING HIM OVER HERE!\" Mohawk yelled As soon as Brain heard Mohawk he ran over to Mohawk faster than lighting with the Mogwai and placed him next to Mohawk, who managed to hold him together. \"Stay Daffy, stay.\" Mohawk yelled in Daffy's ear, whilst holding him like he was getting arrested Daffy just looked behind him into Mohawk's evil, piercing eyes before gulping and karming down again, which made Mohawk let him go. \"I remember him, he was part of my army and so was George and Lenny.\" Brain said to Mohawk whilst widening his eyes at Daffy \"Really? NICE! but, I'm a loner.\" Mohawk replied \"There, done!\" Greta said as she picked the rest of the potion that was going to be used for Stripe Brain and Mohawk looked round to see another 2 Mogwai's on the table with Greta, Daffy, however, wasn't paying attention. one of the Mogwai's looked like an old man, he was black and white going here and there but, mostly black. The other one, however was black and white but was mostly brown the black although was only here and there, it was the white and brown that stood out, he also had 2 bucked up teeth and looked stupid to everyone. Known to you viewers though as George and Lenny \"GRETA! WHAT DID I SAY!\" Brain yelled in anger \"Sorry Brainy, I thought I'd save you some work.\" Greta said in response \"Heh, thanks anyway.\" Brain whined dully Greta only smiled. \"Hey George and... Dumbo.\" Mohawk called out to the 2 mogwai that were sitting just next to them \"Hey Mohawk.\" George just said calmly in response \"ITS LENNY! YOU'VE ALWAYS KNOWN THAT!\" Lenny yelled, infuriated \"Whatever!\" Mohawk snapped \"Now what?\" he asked to no-one in particular Brain just looked at Stripe's skeleton and walked up with the potion to it. \"Lets bring back Stripe.\" Brain said, as a devillish smirk grew on his face OK, there's a Cliffie hope you are enjoying this story ^^ and that formula, its a mde up one, don't try this at home kids What do yo think Stripe going to do when he comes back oh and, REVIEW! Till then, Ciao! ^^[Chapter 4] Once again, I will say that I don't own any of the Gremlins characters except for Angela. Here is Stripe's...BIG...BIG appearance Hope you like it ^^ Brain then got the potion and started pouring it over Stripe's skeleton from head to toe, left to right, on every body part, you name it was there. After a bit, the skin started growing and raised to the surface, his eyeballs gained their way to their position, his claws came back as well and were sharp as knives and blacker than a pitch black scene, his ears gained skin again and his white streak of hair was coming back but, this time it was even longer than before and was touching the top of his back now. Stripe's eyes then flashed and closed tightly together and his hands turned to fists for a second before he let out a great, big cough, like he was choking and his head raised a bit before he thumped back down again and lay as if he were dead. Everyone waited, all was silent. \"Y-You think he's dead again?\" Lenny shivered, whilst hiding behind Daffy, who was just a bit speechless and stopped his madness \"Don't be so stupid Lenny, It's a potion to make Gremlins and Mogwai come back to life not for growing skin and dying again!\" Mohawk whined, whilst whipping round at Lenny and crossing his arms like a spoiled kid as he said it \"Oh God, oh God, oh God...\" Greta wailed, whilst panicking and covering her mouth in shock \"EVERYBODY! Just, karm down!\" Brain yelled over the top of everyone's arguments and wails Everyone then stopped whatever they were doing and stared back at Brain, even Daffy did the same. \"Now, just to make it clear or not on whether he's actually alive or not, I'm going to test something.\" Brain explained \"By doing what?\" Greta asked \"Just touching him, right here.\" Brain said, whilst putting his hand on Stripe's shoulder and keeping it there \"Why have I got the feeling that it won't be a good idea...\" Mohawk said, whilst cringing and taking a few steps backwards \"Brain, I don't think that you should...\" Greta started, but Brain only interrupted \"What? What's the worst that could happen?\" Brain said karmly and slightly laughing as he said it As Brain was coming to the end of his sentence though, Stripe woke up and reacted instantly by grabbing Brain by the tie and dragging him down to his level. Everyone else however, took a few more steps back and shuddered slightly. \"DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH ME AGAIN, NERD! OR ELSE, THAT WILL BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST MISTAKES OF YOUR LIFE!\" Stripe shouted, before throwing Brain straight to the nearest wall Brain just screamed as he flew but, before he could slam against the wall, Greta only catched him by grabbing his arms and letting the rest of Brain's body drop \"I gotcha Brainy.\" Greta cooed, whilst looking at Stripe, who was still slightly lying there \"Thanks Greta.\" Brain huffed, whilst breathing heavily Greta then helped Brain up then ran at Stripe faster than a 200 mile race car. Mohawk's pace was medium and normal and everyone else was going slower than a hedgehog crossing the road, mostly cause they were scared of Stripe and what he might do next. Greta, however, was overjoyed to see her former master and so-called crush back in her life but, Mohawk, on the other hand, thought that Stripe was cool and wanted to see more of him; but, was still a little scared inside. Stripe then slowly moved up off Greta's pink, leopard skinned fluffy bed, sat up, held his head and looked all around him. \"Owwwwww... my head...\"moaned Stripe, as he held his head and looked round at his surroundings. \"Where am I?\" Stripe whined out, he then spotted everyone walking up to him \"And, who the hell are you?\" Stripe shouted evilly, motioning to everyone. \"OH STRIPE, I'M SO GLAD TO SEE YOU AGAIN!\" Greta screamed out in joy, whilst clinging round his head, hugging his head and kissing him on his right hand side on his face \"OH, AND AFTER ALL THEM YEARS AS WELL!\" Greta yelled in joy again, and then started kissing him all over on the right hand side of his face again. \"GET OFF ME, YOU CRAZY WOMAN!\" Stripe shouted, before pushing Greta off him Brain only chuckled to himself. \"At least it ain't me anymore.\" Brain muttered quietly so that Stripe wouldn't hear him \"Yeah Greta, LAY OFF!\" Mohawk yelled, as he came striding up to Stripe Stripe's eyes just widened when he saw Mohawk, he just reminded him of himself when he was a Mogwai, so bossy, so in control, so powerful, so spoiled, so bratty. Kind of like his son looking back at him, Stripe wanted to get to know this Mogwai because he was just like him but more of a kid. \"Sorry about her, she's so annoying. I just met her and the nerd too.\" Mohawk said, while grinning at Brain \"HEY!\" Brain yelled back, annoyed Stripe opened his mouth to say something to Brain as well but Mohawk only turned round with more to say. \"So you're Stripe, huh? Your kinda cool y'know.\" Mohawk said, whilst smiling at Stripe Stripe only grinned back at Mohawk. \"Thanks! You know, I like you, what's your name?\" Stripe asked, curious \"Mohawk!\" Mohawk replied \"Mohawk huh? Cool! I can see why they called you that, cause of your hair, isn't it? It's great!\" Stripe said, whilst starting to fiddle with Mohawk's hairstyle, which Mohawk didn't seem to mind \"Yeah, your streak ain't so bad either!\" Mohawk said, whilst crossing his arms \"I guess, but it's nothing like yours, it's a beauty.\" Stripe said, still fiddling with Mohawk's hairstyle Mohawk just smiled and nodded in appreciation, he then turned 180 degrees to George, Lenny and Daffy. \"George, Lenny, Daffy stop being scaredy cats and come over and say hi!\" Mohawk yelled to the 3 other Mogwai who were clinging to each other, kind of scared to death Stripe then stopped fiddling with Mohawk's hairstyle and looked up at the 3 Mogwai who were coming over well, Daffy bouncing and George and Lenny walking slowly. \"Ah, they are such scaredy cats you know, I had to be born with them.\" Mohawk said, whilst keeping an eye on the other 3 Mogwai as they were coming over. Stripe then looked back down at Mohawk, looked back at the 3 other Mogwai's then nodded. \"HEYA!\" Daffy yelled in a high pitched, mad voice, whilst waving manically at Stripe \"That's Daffy, he's cuckoo.\" Said Mohawk, whilst smiling at Daffy Stripe widened his eyes and nodded. He was definitely fascinated. \"And, that's George and Lenny coming over. George is the one that looks like an old bag and Lenny's the one with buck teeth, he looks like a buck actually.\" Mohawk explained, he then ran at Lenny and pulled him closer to Stripe \"So, go on Lenny, say hi you coward.\" Mohawk teased, while nudging Lenny in the hips \"Ow! Watch it Mohawk!\" Lenny shouted back at him, and then pushed Mohawk over, that far away that he nearly fell off the bed, his eyes flashing with rage; he turned to Stripe \"Hi.\" He said nervously, back to his shy, dopey self \"Hey.\" Stripe replied, speechless at what just happened, and he liked this Mogwai too. He didn't know why but, he liked Lenny's nature and temper when angry, he liked him the same way he liked Mohawk, like a son, he did look wimpy, dopey and shy but Stripe saw more than that in him, he saw more to the Mogwai than what met his eye and Stripe was going to try and get the braveness in Lenny out. His theory would be correct about Lenny, or so he thought. Stripe was about to say more to Lenny, like, asking questions and trying to get to know him but, Greta cut in. \"But...DON'T YOU REMEMBER ME!\" Greta panicked loudly Stripe took his eyes off Lenny for a moment and turned to Greta with a malicious grin on his face. \"Hmmmmmmm...Let me think,\" Stripe started, put his hand on his chin, turned his head away, pretended to sit in a thinking pose and turned his head to her again \"NO!\" Stripe half-shouted half-laughed before doing an evil cackle \"BUT!-BUT! I was with you when we were playing poker, oh, and, remember the Gremlin sitting next to you, dressed like a woman.\" Greta said, trying to explain everything \"Yeah! What about it?\" Stripe growled \"I was that Gremlin Stripe; I saved you from losing a poker game,\" Greta replied \"And, if you want proof, you got it!\" Greta stated before opening her wardrobe to see the outfit that she wore in the past Stripe just stared at the outfit, shocked, he couldn't believe it, one of his own Gremlins had survived! \"Well, welcome back then! But, you ain't half changed.\" Stripe said, whilst finally smiling again \"Well, that's a story I'd rather not tell.\" Greta said, her voice turning quiet and she blushed bright red as she said it. Stripe then smiled proudly at Greta before turning to Brain. \"And who are you supposed to be, professor nerd?\" Stripe teased, then cackled again \"It's brain, just brain! And, you should be grateful that you're alive!\" Brain yelled, whilst coming closer to Stripe \"And why should I be grateful!\" Stripe yelled back, staring at Brain in the face \"I'm the one that brought you back in the first place!\" Brain shouted, coming closer even faster, his devilish finger pointing straight at Stripe \"Oh really, and why did you bring me back!\" Stripe yelled back, not threatened at all Brain just smirked; this was going to be fun. He walked closer to Stripe and stared at him straight in the eyes. \"Remember that brown and white Mogwai that beaten you at your last stand.\" Brain said, standing like he wasn't scared of Stripe Stripe's head only tilted slightly. Brain still had that smacked up smirk on his face. \"You do, don't you; he didn't look hard to beat, did he? No he didn't, he looked weaker than a piece of dust, didn't he? You thought when his owner was knocked out, all you had to do was kill him and that Mogwai and your troubles would be over and, that you'd win the battle at last,\" after he said that Brain paused again Stripe only gritted his teeth together, getting angry. \"Didn't poor, old Stripey think that? Yes... he did...but he never thought of what Gizmo could do when he flew over, did he?\" Brain went on, taunting, with that smirk on his face, still looking at Stripe in the eyes Stripe only felt his hands turning into balls of fists and rage, but, kept his composure. The 4 Mogwai's spotted that and all 4 of them, even Mohawk, started backing away. \"Yes...he never even bothered to shoot him, did he? At least, I escaped when I could plus, I didn't get spotted you, however, were like a puppy on a string and played with the sunlight, never even dodged it, did you Stripey,\" Brain taunted again \"And, you know what you did, you underestimated him! Maybe you ain't so smart after all!\" Brain went on, tauntering non-stop Stripe then looked at Brain straight in the eyes with rage, his fists balled, hair standing up, eyes gleaming like fire, he never felt so insulted in all his life...until now and Brain had nearly pushed him off the edge. \"That would go down good in a newspaper wouldn't it? So-called Gremlin legend Stripe loses to a puny little Mogwai who's wimpy as well. Awww... what a shame. Maybe you ain't so destructive cause... you lost to a Mogwai, who can't even fight another one of his own kind.\" Brain taunted again, still smirking with anticipation That was it, Stripe couldn't take it anymore, Brain had finally pushed him over the edge and now he was going to pay the price. Stripe then bolted off the bed faster than lighting, grabbed Brain by the neck and slammed him against the wall. \"DON'T YOU DARE INSULT ME AGAIN! OR, I SWEAR I'LL BREAK YOUR RIBS, MAYBE EVEN MORE THAN THAT IF YOUR NOT CAREFUL TO WHERE YOUR GOING WITH ME!\" Stripe yelled, his eyes flashing dangerously at Brain, who was trying to pull Stripe's arm off his neck \"STRIPE! PLEASE! LET GO!\" Greta yelled, whilst rushing down to the 2 male Gremlins and looking at Stripe, her eyes sparkling \"AND, WHY SHOULD I LET HIM GO!\" Stripe countered, looking straight at Greta whilst keeping his hand on Brain's neck to possibly kill him \"BECAUSE! Without him, you wouldn't be alive right now!\" Greta said, still looking at Stripe The 4 Mogwai on the bed turned their heads from Greta to Stripe and watched him closely. Stripe then looked back at Brain then to Greta again in a quick motion. \"FINE! I'll let him go!\" Stripe yelled Stripe then removed his hand from Brain's neck and just stared at his victim with gritted teeth. Brain just held the top of his chest, trying to get his breath back whilst looking up at Stripe. All was silent... \"BUT! If, you dare insult me about my death or anything to do with Gizmo that made him somehow succeed against me, Greta and the rest of the troops back in the past...I swear,\" Stripe started off, whilst coming closer to Brain, stopped, then looked at him in the eye. \"I. Will. Kill. You. If possible.\" Stripe said, before walking away and sitting on the bed. Then everyone went silent again, until Greta said something. \"Brain actually brought you back to help him with his plan to get revenge on Gizmo.\" Greta said to Stripe, before turning her head towards Brain Stripe looked up at Brain, his face turning back to anger again. \"Oh...so I'm doing the dirty work, am I?\" Stripe shouted, but he still stayed put on the bed \"No your not, is he Brain.\" Greta said, whilst turning her head towards Brain \"Yes, he is actually.\" Brain replied, having that smacked up smirk back on his face Stripe then went back into his scary, shouting mode again. \"THAT'S IT! FROM NOW ON, WE'LL DO THINGS MY WAY AND MY WAY ONLY!\" Stripe shouted, as he put his legs on the bed and lay back comfortingly against the pillow with his greasy streak of hair sticking to it like a magnet, he then looked back at everyone \"Who agrees with me?\" Stripe said, whilst smirking \"Me? Totally!\" said Mohawk, whilst giving Stripe the thumbs up Daffy only laughed madly. \"I do, I guess.\" Said George \"I guess I do too.\" Said Greta, in a love-sickened tone \"What about you, dumbo?\" Mohawk said, while nudging Lenny again Stripe leaned in closer to Lenny's view and waited for the answer he got. Stripe hoped it was a yes, especially from Lenny's mouth. They waited a moment before Lenny opened his mouth and said. \"I guess I agree as well.\" Said Lenny, smiling in pleasure at Stripe Stripe then patted Lenny on the head twice then turned to Brain with his hand still on Lenny's head. \"What about you, everyone else has, if you don't you might as well get out of here so, what's your answer?\" Stripe said, whilst smirking Brain looked at Stripe dead in the eye and sighed. \"Fine. Yes, yes I agree.\" Brain said, clearly unhappy \"Yes what?\" Stripe teased, whilst keeping his hand on Lenny's head and grinned at Brain \"Yes, Stripe.\" Brain growled through clenched teeth Stripe only smirked, satisfied. \"GOOD! Right then, let's start planning!\" Stripe demanded as he stood up on the bed and lifted his arms up like as if he was the Gremlin president declaring something important. As soon as Stripe was about to speak though a human man came through the shed door and saw them. The man only dropped his toolbox, shocked. Brain then turned to Greta with an annoying look on his face. \"YOU DIDN'T TELL ME THAT YOUR HIDEOUT WAS ACTUALLY A SHED OF WHERE PEOPLE LIVED!\" Brain shouted angrily at Greta, whilst going out of his mind by waving his arms about. Greta only smiled cheerfully. \"Oops, I forgot.\" She said playfully. \"Hey aren't you guys the Gremlins from the newspapers?\" the man questioned, he then looked over at the 4 Mogwai, confused \"What are those furry things?\" the man asked again \"Anyone have any bright ideas?\" Greta panicked, whilst clinging to Brain and hiding behind him for cover Brain clutched his chin trying to think of something he then whispered his thought up plan into Greta's ear but, Stripe, however, had other plans. \"Hey, um... Mr. ...\" Stripe said quietly like a small child who was meeting a stranger \"Yes Mr. Gremlin.\" The man replied, happily \"TAKE THIS!\" Stripe yelled as he flung out the gun that he had behind his back and kept shooting the man repeatedly, Stripe only cackled as he did it, this was making him happy, he kept on shooting as blood flung out like rocket cannons. He then finally stopped when the man then just fell back, dead. Greta looked up from hiding in Brain's jacket to see the dead body in her hideout. \"OMG...\" Greta said, speechless Stripe blew the smoke off his gun and smiled. \"Ahhh... it's so good to kill again.\" Stripe said evilly whilst sighing \"Mark! Is that you? What's going on out there?\" called a voice \"Now what?\" Greta panicked \"We make a run for it!\" Stripe yelled as he ran to the door \"Stripe, are you crazy!\" Brain yelled, but everyone was already following Stripe to the fence \"Hey! Wait for me!\" Brain yelled as he caught up with everyone else Once the Gremlins and Mogwai were over the fence they heard an ear-piercing scream. \"Ahhh... another one bites the dust.\" Stripe said, whilst cackling Everyone else just stared, speechless, except for Daffy. \"Come-on guys, let's go!\" Stripe said as he ran ahead of everyone He and the others then ran into the alley, peeped round and walked out. \"Come-on guys, the streets are free to walk!\" Stripe said, whilst cackling and jiggling excitedly So now what do you guys think is going to happen? Hope you enjoyed this chapter ^^ REVIEW! And till the next chappie, ciao! ^^[Chapter 5] Once again I don't own Gremlins; I don't own any characters except for Angela (she's coming in sometime later) Hope you enjoy this chapter! ^^ Stripe led the pack, casually strolling through the streets of New York, grinning as he walked; he loved the fact that he was finally getting revenge on Gizmo, his worst enemy and this time, NO ONE! Was going to get in his way, not even anyone that was alongside him right now was going stop him, he wanted this revenge, his 1st time failed so he was desperate for it, in fact, more than that, he was hungry for it, craving for it. If he didn't get revenge this time then he would practically wreck everything and possibly more if he didn't get it, he wanted it so badly that he couldn't really describe how much but, he was like a vampire swooping in for his favourite blood and Gizmo was his favourite blood, what he wanted right now was Gizmo's head on a stick, he smiled at the thought, oh how much he wanted to kill him so, how much he wanted to... \"STRIPE! THIS IS CRAZY, WALKING ABOUT THE STREETS, NOT CARING AT ALL IF SOMEONE SEES US, WHAT IF SOMEONE DOES, THEN WE'LL BE IN TROUBLE!\" Brain shouted, nearly going out of his mind Stripe then snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Brain \"You were saying?\" Stripe asked, clueless, as they walked \"I was saying that it's risky to walk out here where the whole neighbourhood can see us, especially the kids they'll be saying MUM! DAD! There are some monsters outside and then they'll see us then we'll be goners'!\" Brain yelled \"Personally Grain...\" Stripe started \"IT'S BRAIN!\" Brain yelled \"Yeah! Whatever,\" Stripe snapped \"I don't personally mind it and, if they do spot us I'll have this gun, Greta can smooch them to death and you well, I don't know really.\" Stripe whined, before quickening his pace and walked ahead, the 4 Mogwai's following him Brain then stopped and stared at Stripe as he walked, he did not like him. At. All. Ever since he came back things had changed, really changed, he hated the fact that everyone would cling to Stripe All. The. Time. He didn't like how Stripe was so popular with other Gremlins. Was it cause of his streak of hair that made him uneek? Was it his plain, cold-heartedness? Whatever it was, Brain couldn't grasp it and, whatever it was, it wasn't working for him. Greta then came over, put her hand on his shoulder then; they both kept on walking through the midnight streets. \"You never thought he was going to be that evil and demanding, did you?\" Greta said to Brain, not looking at him Brain turned to look at Greta, but they kept on walking. \"No... No I didn't, I thought that he would at least agree with me on something and be a bit more y'know...what's the word...\" Brain whined Greta then took her hand off Brain's shoulder and frowned. \"Civilised! I knew you were going to say something along the lines of that! I know Stripe, and, I told you that he don't care for it! I told you all the warnings! But, did you listen? NO!\" Greta shouted, but quieter than normal so Stripe wouldn't hear Brain was about to protest but, Greta said something before he could. \"Oh, and another thing Brain, you can't always get everything your own way!\" Greta whined, before frowning and walked off straight to Stripe Brain watched as Greta walked off to Stripe and frowned with anger \"Tell that to Stripe.\" He muttered as he slouched behind everyone Brain's plan to get revenge on Gizmo had gone to a complete mess thanks to Stripe taking over; he now wished that he never brought back Stripe in the first place or, that Greta even said his name for that matter but, you never know with Gremlins, they could change and change in Stripe is what Brain needed if they were ever going to get along... or he could get worse. Stripe then jumped round, faced where everyone else was and started walking backwards. \"Ok, here's the plan first, I'm gonna spawn my own army of normal Gremlins next, we somehow find Gizmo's home then, we break down the door which will shock them terribly, especially with seeing me again then we will kill Gizmo and his stupid human friends and then, WE WILL BE VICTORIOUS MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!\" Stripe said, excited and evil as ever as he walked but, stopped walking when he done an evil laugh \"Stripe! SHHHH! You'll wake people up!\" Greta whispered, whilst putting a finger on his lips \"WHO CARES!\" Stripe shouted, annoyed, before pushing Greta's finger off his lips, he then looked at everyone else \"Any objections?\" he asked, before folding his arms and smirked in an evil manner \"OBJECTION!\" Brain yelled, who came running up to Stripe Stripe's smirk then turned to an annoyed expression. \"What is it Rain?\" Stripe grumbled, officially not in the mood \"IT'S BRAIN!\" Brain yelled, stopping at Stripe's feet, staring him in the eye \"Whatever! Anyway, what is it?\" Stripe grumbled, obviously wanting Brain to get over with it \"Well, we can't just go barging in through the door like that!\" Brain whined \"WHY NOT!\" Stripe shouted, obviously wanting to go with his original plan \"BECAUSE! That will be too open, that's not us Gremlins!\" Brain whined, he then got on top of the nearest trashcan and explained his idea \"we need to be sneaky, silent, that silent that they won't even know that were there and, we could send a spy down to Gizmo's level, we'll be partying and hiding in the loft of course and they could report back Gizmo's weakness and when we have enough information, we'll use it against him! So, Stripey, what'cha think?\"Brain said, before folding his arms and climbing down from the trashcan \"Brain, really, you're a total nerd!\" Greta whined, whilst clinging on to Stripe, love-sickened \"YEAH! NERD!\" Mohawk yelled George only nodded in agreement and Daffy just laughed in his usual mad way. Lenny, however, said nothing. \"Stripe, surely you don't agree to that load of rubbish.\" Mohawk laughed, he laughed for a bit then looked back at Stripe Everyone then stared at Stripe and were surprised at what they saw. Stripe was grinning evilly, rubbing his hands together in a malicious way and looked up at Brain, his blood red eyes flashing dangerously. \"BRAIN! THAT'S THE BEST IDEA I'VE EVER HEARD!\" Stripe screamed, he was still rubbing his hands tightly, grinning evilly \"WHAT!\" Greta yelled, slightly jealous \"WHAT!\" Mohawk and George joined, Mohawk, slightly jealous and George, surprised Daffy only laughed madly again, like usual. Lenny said nothing but, looked like he was in a thinking pose, he looked like he was going to cry, his maroon eyes were sparkling and he was frowning as if something bad was going to happen. \"OH BRAIN, THAT'S A GREAT IDEA! JUST WAIT UNTIL I RUB THAT IN Gizmo's SCRAWNY FACE! Plus, it will be heart-breaking, if possible. COME HERE!\" Stripe yelled, happily whilst grabbing Brain's head, tucking it under his arm and rubbing it with his fist, hard and quick \"OW! Stripe, let me go will ya!\" Brain yelled, whilst holding his head for dear life \"Ok, ok! SHEESH!\" Stripe whined, whilst letting Brain's head go then, walked off \" At least we can agree on something.\" Brain thought \"Right then, first, we need to find a hose!\" Stripe said, looking round quickly \"Why?\" Brain asked \"Well? Weren't you listening to the beginning of my plan? We need an army, don't we, and it won't be good enough with just 3 Gremlins and 4 Mogwai's will it?\" Stripe said to Brain, whilst folding his arms \"Correction! 2 Gremlins and 4 Mogwai's, I ain't really the army girl.\" Greta said, acting like a model \"OBJECTION! Greta, you somehow escaped the theatre explosion, you're more than an army girl and you're fighting, whether you like it, or not!\" Stripe yelled, then cackled, he loved being the leader \"Humph.\" Greta grumbled, not amused Mohawk then spotted a water gun on the floor and while everyone else was bickering, he walked over, picked up the water gun and checked to see if there was any water inside, sadly there wasn't, he then spotted a tap on the side of the wall and walked over, he then just about reached the tap and turned it on, he quickly opened the place where the water goes inside the gun and put the gun under the running water, whilst also trying not to get himself wet. When he done it, he ran back over to everyone. \"STRIPE! STRIPE!\" Mohawk yelled, whilst running with the water gun that was almost bigger than himself Stripe and others looked down at Mohawk to see him with a water gun. \"What are you doing Mohawk! You could have gotten yourself wet! And more Mogwai is the last thing we need!\" Stripe yelled, agitated \"NO NO! I got it for you to help spawn some Gremlins for the army.\" Mohawk said, grinning Stripe then grabbed the water gun, went in a nearby alley, locked the door and started spraying himself behind the door, coughs and screams were heard and so much more. \"You know, I'm glad I ain't watching.\" Brain said, turning to Greta \"I know, I'd hate to know how I came out of him.\" Greta replied After a while, Stripe came out with about 30-40 Gremlins behind him, they all looked the same and acted the same though, nothing special about those one's. Stripe then rubbed his back slowly whilst sniffing under his armpit, it was sweaty. He then turned to everyone, including the Gremlins he only just spawned. \"Alright then, MARCH!\" Stripe yelled, as the spawned Gremlins got in line and started marching down the town, quiet as mice trying to find a piece of cheese. \"So, what now?\" Mohawk asked, as the army of Gremlins along with everyone else walked through the town \"Well, we need to find out where Gizmo lives, don't we?\" Stripe said, as they walked through the streets \"I guess so.\" Mohawk replied, whilst striding next to Stripe As they walked, however, Greta looked round New York's finest streets when she heard something signing... it sounded like... a Mogwai and it wasn't any old Mogwai either, it was no other than...Gizmo. Greta stood still and looked round to try and find out where the sound was coming from, she then spotted a shop with TV's inside and went closer, she was sure that it was one of them that was making the noise and, she was right, 1 TV was still on and it was a newswoman with the latest news from what had happened inside the building, she leaned in and listened just to make sure. \"Earlier today, the clamp centre building was taken over by some kind of monsters, some also turned mutated due to the Science lab inside that was full of potions. But, thankfully, the monsters were finally stopped thanks to a creature dressed in a Rambo headband with the humans that helped him stop them.\" The newswoman explained. She then held the microphone over to Gizmo, Billy and Kate. \"Mr. and Mrs. Peltzer, Gizmo, anything you'd like to say?\" she questioned, smiling brightly at them, the camera then turned towards them showing Billy and Kate holding Gizmo in that same box and the Rambo headband still remained round his head and he looked cute as ever. Greta then turned round like lightning. \"STRIPE! BRAIN! GUYS! COME HERE!\" Greta yelled at the top of her voice, trying to get their attention \"Greta! What are you doing over there?\" Brain yelled back When hearing Brain yell, Stripe, the Mogwai's and the spawned Gremlins looked round at Greta. \"Brain, tell Stripe to come quick! Gizmo's on TV!\" Greta yelled \"You've got to be kidding!\" Brain yelled back, but Stripe, the 4 Mogwai's and the Gremlins were already running at the TV. Brain only sighed in annoyance \"WAIT FOR ME!\" he shouted as he ran after the swarm of Gremlins and managed to get ahead of some of them. Everyone then crowded round the small TV with Stripe being at the front of course. Brain then somehow managed to get through to the front and they all watched, ears listening. \"So, have you ever fought them before?\" the newswoman asked, before handing the microphone to Billy to answer \"Yes. They came to Kingston falls and me, Kate and Gizmo defeated them then.\" Billy answered Stripe just growled, his memories of dying were coming back to him, he was about to punch the TV but, Greta spotted this and stopped him by grabbing his arm and pulling it back. Stripe just growled in defeat as he let his arm drop. The newswoman turned to Gizmo. \"Awww... isn't he a bundle of joy.\" The newswoman cooed as she knelt down to tickle Gizmo's chin, the camera then zoomed in on Gizmo. Stripe just screamed at the sight of Gizmo, even the sight of Gizmo made Stripe want to kill him. \"MY EYES! THEY BURN!\" Stripe screamed as he watched the sight of Gizmo smiling like he had just won the lottery Brain only slapped Stripe round the head. \"OH GROW UP STRIPE!\" Brain yelled, whilst turning his head towards Stripe \"I'm trying to watch the telly!\" Brain said firmly, before turning his head back to the telly Stripe only gritted his teeth in protest, he would have attacked Brain but, his worst enemy was on the TV that he desperately needed to wipe out before he could do anything of the sort. \"So, Gizmo, what did you do to kill the spider Gremlin?\" the newswoman asked \"I used my Rambo bow and arrow, it was easy too.\" Gizmo replied, smiling at the newswoman It was Mohawk's turn to punch the TV. \"LET ME AT HIM! LET ME AT HIM!\" Mohawk screamed as he ran at the TV trying to punch it, but George and Lenny held him back \"Mohawk! Karm down will ya!\" Lenny yelled as he pulled on Mohawk's arm \"EASY! I'LL SHOW YOU EASY!\" Mohawk screamed at the TV, as he struggled to get free of George and Lenny's clutches The 3 gremlins, along with the army however were too focused on the TV to deal with Mohawk and the sound just weren't heard for them. \"So, what are you going to call your little squad the...Gremlin busters?\" the newswoman asked Billy looked at Gizmo and Kate, who nodded in agreement. \"Gremlins busters it is.\" Billy said, smiling \" So, if you have a Gremlin in your house...who ya gonna call?\" the newswoman sang \"GREMLIN BUSTERS!\" Billy, Kate and Gizmo shouted, raising their arms in the air \"Ok, so where do you live?\" the newswoman asked politely Billy panicked. \"Why would you want to know that?\" he questioned, curious \"Well, when you are older we may write a life story on how you, your Mrs. and Gizmo stopped these monsters and how they came here in the first place.\" The newswoman said \"Ok, I'll give you my address.\" Billy replied \"Brain, have you got a pen and paper?\" Stripe asked, turning to him Brain pulled both items out of his pockets. \"Yes, why?\" Brain asked \"BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO WRITE THE ADDRESS DOWN!\" Stripe snapped; he turned to the spawned Gremlins \"BE QUIET!\" Stripe shouted Immediately, the Gremlins stopped laughing and looked at the TV. Brain got his pen and paper ready to write it down and was listening for it from the TV. \"Ok, the address is 35 Rogue Hall Avenue.\" Billy said to the newswoman, who writed it down Brain quickly writ down the bits he got. Billy then said the address again, which gave Brain the chance to get the parts he missed. \"Ok, then we'll be shutting off air, that's all from the legendary Gremlin busters. Tara.\" The newswoman finally said, before the program was over \"Legendary! Yeah right!\" Stripe whined as he folded his arms George went up and pressed the off button for the TV. \"Come-on, we gotta find the house!\" Greta yelled as she tried to get past a whole lot of random Gremlins \"Slow down Greta!\" Stripe yelled, as he tried to keep up with her Greta then stopped at a sign and read it. \"Rose Hall Avenue...\" she said out loud, she then looked round the corner and leaned round, she could just about see it. \"Rogue...Avenue...\" she read, she then finally got it \" It's round the corner!\" she thought, she smiled, proud of herself Stripe, Brain and the others then just got up to Greta panting heavily. \"GUYS! I FOUND IT, IT'S ROUND THE CRORNER!\" Greta said happily, also love- sickened. Again! \"Let me see!\" Stripe said as went ahead to look at the sign \"YOUR RIGHT GRETA!\" Stripe said, surprised \" Maybe she ain't so stupid and kissy-wissy all the time.\" Stripe thought to himself \"Come-on everyone! Onward to revenge!\" Stripe yelled, as he ran down the road to look at the door numbers Everyone else then came round the corner and watched Stripe look carefully at the doors. \"What number was it Brain?\" Stripe called out \"35.\" Brain replied, whilst looking at the list Stripe nodded and kept looking until he finally came across it. \"GUYS! I think I found it!\" Stripe yelled, he hoped that nobody that lived there could hear him Everyone then nodded and ran over to Stripe. They then all stared at the door. \"This it then?\" Mohawk asked, looking up at the door \"Of course it is, unless Brain got the wrong address.\" Stripe replied \"I DID NOT! I have superior intellect, unlike you!\" Brain shouted \"Oh shut up Brain!\" Stripe yelled, turning his head towards Brain \"Now, how do we get in there?\" he questioned to no one in particular \"Stripe, I can hear someone coming!\" Greta whispered Stripe listened for a moment; he could hear voices on the other side of the door and they were coming closer. \"CRAP! Guys, get round there!\" Stripe yelled, ushering everyone round the side The door then swung open to see Billy, Kate, Gizmo and the Futterman's come out the house. Stripe and the others peeped round, grinning evilly. \" Just wait until he finds out I'm back! Then I can rub it in his face.\" Stripe thought, whilst watchingthem closely When they had finally gotten into the car and drove off, the Gremlins came out of hiding. \"That's good, there gone, out of the way, now it will be no problem. We just gotta somehow get into the house before they get back.\" Said Brain, whilst grinning \"WAIT! I've got a plan!\" Stripe yelled, he then motioned everyone to stand where he was standing \"See that loft hatch there...\" Stripe said, whilst pointing up at it Everyone nodded. \"One of us has to get up there and somehow open it, but to get to higher ground we'll climb those trees and we'll have to jump over from them.\" Stripe went on Everyone nodded again. \"Cause that loft is where we'll be hiding, now who's going to open it, maybe one of you Mogwai cause you're the right size and find it better to hide so, who volunteers?\" Stripe said, turning his head to Lenny and keeping his eyes on him Mohawk then started jumping about. \"ME! ME! ME!\" he yelled whilst jumping up and down with his hands up Stripe then grinned at Lenny, which made Lenny shiver slightly. \"Why are you looking at me for?\" Lenny asked, scared Stripe only picked him up. \"Heh, cause it's your job Len. Come-on everyone, up the trees!\" Stripe yelled, pointing to the trees while clutching Lenny tight round his waist Lenny struggled to get free, but it was no use, Lenny felt like running away from the whole lot of Gremlins never mind being trapped in Stripe's clutches, he could just about breathe Stripe had him that tight. \"Ok Len, here's what I want you to do first, I'll throw you down the chimney right, which will send you down to the house, you search through the house for the loft key and use it to open the loft, ok?\" Stripe explained, whilst looking Lenny in the eye \"Ok, but, why did you pick me? why not Mohawk or George or maybe even Daffy, I bet even he could do better than me.\" Lenny replied, before frowning \"I would of Lenny, but I want to test you out plus, I like you and you know Mohawk and George, you don't always have to go with there rules or anyone else's ok, don't let them tell you what to do.\" Stripe said, grinning Lenny nodded. \"Why are you telling me this?\" Lenny asked, confused \"Because Lenny I want to get your braveness and courage out of you.\" Stripe said, he then smiled at Lenny \"And surely there's that evil Gremlin inside of you waiting to come out.\" \"Uh...I guess so...\" Lenny said quietly \"Good, I'll take you up to the roof.\" Stripe said, smirking Lenny only started shivering again, he knew it... He was doomed. Hope you liked this chapter tell me, what do you think is going to happen next? REVIEW! ^^ And until next time, Ciao! ^^[Chapter 6] Once again I don't own Gremlins or any characters except for Angela Hope everyone is likeing the story so far ^^ Angela: Hey! When am I coming in? Me: don't worry Angie you'll be coming in soon. Angela: you sure? *gets claws out* Me: yes! Yes! You will! ONWARD! TO THE STORY! The gremlins then advanced to the trees and climbed through the brown, autumn, crunchy leaves, Stripe, who still held Lenny tight, did the same. \"You're lucky that you're doing the mission Len otherwise, I would have made you climb the tree yourself.\" Stripe said, as he pulled himself up the last branch to get to the middle of the tree where the others were waiting. Lenny only said nothing which made Stripe look straight at him. \"You're not scared of me...are you Len?\" Stripe asked, curious, tilting his head slightly as he got to the end of his question. Lenny's eyes then widened with surprise and, even though his hands were round his belly, one of his fingers could feel his heart, beating, loudly, like a drum, no, louder than that, it was faster than the speed of sound. \" Oh no! What should I say? I bet if I say yes Stripe will kill me, say no, just, say, no!\" Lenny thought mentally as he looked into Stripe's cold blooded, red eyes \"Len? You're not answering me!\" Stripe whined as he looked into Lenny's scared, little maroon eyes \"NO! No, I'm not scared of you Stripe; it's just that the mission... it's making me nervous.\" Lenny said quickly Stripe smiled at him. \"Good, because, I don't want you to be scared, mark my words; I won't hurt you, ok? Unless you make mad. And I know that you won't do that, will you Lenny?\" Stripe said, still smiling \"NO! No, of course not.\" Lenny replied \"Good. And, about the mission, just be brave, ok and be quick to cause it will be utter chaos if they see you when they get back.\" Stripe said, his smile turning into a straight face Lenny nodded. \"So, you ready?\" Stripe asked Lenny only nodded again. Stripe then pushed through the crowd of Gremlins with Lenny in his clutches and walked through to the edge of the tree first, he looked round to see if there was anyone out luckily, there wasn't. He then looked at Lenny. \"You ready?\" Stripe asked again \"Of course I am.\" Lenny said politely Stripe only nodded and quickly hoisted him up towards the target, the chimney. \"Ok.\" Stripe whispered to himself, he then started swinging Lenny slightly \"3...2...1...\" Stripe yelled, before he finally let go of Lenny. Lenny, who was in the air, was heading for the chimney and was coming to the spout. \"WAHHHHHH!\" Lenny screamed, as he tightly closed his eyes and fell down the spout of the chimney Stripe, who was watching everything, smirked proudly and folded his arms, Mohawk then walked up to him with an annoyed expression. \"Why out of the 4 of us did you pick him, he's weak and a dumbo, even Daffy could do better than him!\" Mohawk whined, annoyed as he folded his arms Stripe only kept his eyes on the loft hatch. \"Mohawk, shut it!\" Stripe yelled, not looking at him Mohawk's mouth then dropped open and his eyes widened in shock, he never thought that Stripe would ever talk to him like that, especially with the other 3 Mogwai around, he was more evil than all of them and yet Stripe treated him like an outcast. So far, he was jealous, jealous of Lenny, he wanted to be Stripe's TOP Mogwai and 2nd in command, if necessary. \" I'll have a talk with Stripe later and ask him who he likes best, then that may put Lenny off liking him. Ha ha !\" Mohawk thought as he grinned to himself in delight. With Lenny... Lenny slowly opened his eyes in mid-air to see bricks on the side which were going quickly out of vision and a fire casket at the bottom for his landing. Luckily though, there wasn't a fire brewing. Lenny felt like superman doing this. He was now coming to the bottom of his destination he then quickly closed his eyes and twisted his feet ready for landing. As Lenny landed though, he landed on his bottom then somehow bounced out of the fire casket and landed right next to it. Dizzy, Lenny sat on his bum trying to stop himself feeling light-headed, he felt like fainting actually especially with banging his head on the side of the chimney when he landed inside of it. Lenny also felt his head going left and right over and over again, he slowly lifted his hands on it to stop it, he blinked his eyes, the room looked tilted and was going round, he felt really dizzy and light-headed. He sat there for a few seconds before it all came back to him, he then looked at his left arm and saw that there was a trickle of blood on his hand, just a tiny dot of it and there was a patch of fur that was blood stained. \" I must have scraped my arm as well as banged my head.\" Lenny thought to himself as he looked at the bottom of his arm, which was bleeding badly Lenny then shrugged it off and stood up; he was in the living room of the house, he turned his head to look round at his surroundings there were brown leather seats with a fire casket, which he just came from, with a 42 inch TV above it. For the floor, there were floorboards, the wood coulor, and solid as a rock plus, there were different paintings all over the room, the wall was just pure white, there were also photos of family memories on the window silk. Lenny then walked out of the living room and turned round to check to see if he could find anything loft related. But, throughout the whole room, he couldn't see anything so, he moved out of the living room and turned right to the coat rack, where there was actually nothing there cause of everyone taking their coat's out just before they made their plan to get in the house. Lenny however was quite close to the coat rack, so, he moved backwards until he was against the wall and looked up, there was a shelf, but, it was above the coat rack. He looked closely at the shelf to see if there was anything that was on it, and, to his luck there was actually something there, it looked Silver and was gleaming in the hall light at him. Lenny smiled. \" Maybe that could be the key.\" Lenny thought to himself as he looked up at the silver, glimmering dot on the shelf \" But how do I get up there?\" Lenny thought again as he looked round, trying to find something to help him advance up to the silver object. He then spotted a cabinet, which was next to the coat rack itself and got into a thinking pose. He stood in that pose for a few seconds before eyeing the nearest coat hanger and staring at it for a few seconds before looking back at the silver dot on the shelf. He then folded his arms and smiled, his plan ought to work great. He then made a climb for the cabinet which was an easy climb up and looked up at the coat hanger nearest to him and smiled, his buck teeth sticking out with faith in himself and his plan. He then sighed and breathed in and out, still facing the hanger, walked to the edge of the cabinet and stretched his arms up. Lenny then bent his knees and stood for a bit before finally jumping for the hanger with all the strength he had left in him and jumped for it. When he got close enough to reach it, he held onto to it with a tight grip and just about looked up at the shelf, Lenny then slowly made his way to the beginning of the hanger and looked at the bottom of the shelf. When he was confident, he let one of hands his go of the bit nearest the shelf and touched the bottom of the shelf, then let his other hand drop from the hanger and pulled himself up to the shelf. Tired, Lenny sat down cross legged on the shelf for a bit to cool down and to catch his breath back, working for Stripe was tiring. He looked down at the shelf when... the key was right next to him! Lenny blinked for a moment, then, made a grab for it, on the side of it there was a crumpled up piece of paper attached to the side of it. \"Loft key...\" Lenny read from the paper before putting it to the side, his eyes then widened and, he read the paper again Realization hit him as he smiled, proud of himself, his tiredness then washed away as he quickly jumped down from the shelf, landing on the cabinet, then, from the cabinet to the floor. He then looked back at the key. \"Wow...\" Lenny whispered before walking straight to the stairs. He climbed up them all easy with the key in his hand, he clutched it tightly as he looked up at the ceiling for the loft hatch, and he then spotted it. \"Now how am I going to open that?\" Lenny said to himself He looked at his key, and then at the loft, there didn't seem to be a padlock or anything key related up there. He then looked to his right and spotted some kind of pull rope just touching the top of a basket box. Curious, Lenny climbed on top of the basket box and pulled it. When he did, escalated stairs came downwards to the bottom, where the floor was. He once again smiled, he loved this. Lenny then climbed up the escalated stairs to the loft hatch, where he nearly banged his head on the ceiling he looked at the hatch closely and saw that it had one of them slide locks which you had to push it out of the way it was locked to open it. Lenny did just that, then, pushed the door forward, where it slammed hard on the old wood. Lenny then helped himself up, still clutching the key tightly, he looked up at the sky lighter that be's on the top of the house and, he knew that was where the others were waiting to go through, he then saw a stepladder that nearly hit the ceiling in the corner of the loft. He then giddily skipped over to it and pulled it over to where the sky light was and climbed up it. When he came to the top, he saw a padlock and it was also chained up so no-one could get in or out of. \" This must be where the key goes.\" Lenny thought as he put the key straight into the hole of the padlock. As he turned the key, it clicked, which mean it worked, he then finally pulled the key out, letting all the chains plus, the padlock fall to the ground. Once he done that he pulled the sky lighter downwards by the handle and... It was open! Lenny then jumped up towards the bar of the sky lighter and pulled himself up to the roof and wiped his forehead when he got up, he then looked towards the gremlins in the trees and gave them thumbs up, meaning that he done it and that they could come over. \"Stripe, LOOK!\" Brain yelled, as he pointed to Lenny through the leaves \"What? What is it?\" Stripe asked, as he tried to push Greta off his chest \"It's Lenny! He made it!\" Brain replied, smiling \"WHAT! LET ME SEE!\" Stripe yelled, as he pushed through many Gremlins Stripe then got through and looked through the leaves that they were hiding in and saw Lenny right over there. \"You'd better get everyone ready Stripe.\" Brain said, smirking as he looked at Lenny, who was waiting patiently Stripe's face just turned to anger. \"NO WAY! CORRECTION, you get everyone ready, I'm going to Lenny.\" Stripe shouted \"OUT OF MY WAY!\" he shouted rudely as he pushed Brain aside so he could get to the edge of the tree to show himself. \"Humph. How charming. NOT!\" Brain whined, he was getting frustrated with Stripe. AGAIN! \"Lenny! That was spectacular! You did great, I'm so proud of you! We'll be over once Brain gets everyone together.\" Stripe yelled from the tree to Lenny Brain only growled as he heard Stripe say his name and frustrating job. This made Mohawk and Greta laugh under their breaths and some of the spawned Gremlins as well. Brain only gave Stripe a death glare with his teeth gritted however, Stripe was too busy with Lenny to notice. Lenny only smiled as Stripe said kind words to him, he really loved it. \" Wow, this is great! I did it! My first mission by myself and I did it!\" Lenny thought to himself as he smiled, full of pride \"you know, I love working for Stripe, he's different, he may be bossy sometimes but, he always has something good to say at the end of it. He's made me really confident.\" Lenny thought again as he smiled, thinking these good thoughts \"I should work for him more often y'know Stripe is the only Gremlin that's ever had faith in me well, maybe George now and again but, Stripe's faith was a lot stronger. I can't wait to help him kill Gizmo. Wow... maybe I am a really evil Gremlin.\" Lennythought , smirking \" And surely there's that evil Gremlin inside of you waiting to come out.\" Stripe's voice in his head replayed it over and over again That saying replayed in Lenny's head over and over again. He could picture Stripe saying it repeatedly, like a record. \" What did he mean by that?\" Lenny thought, then frowned \" All I'm used for is lifting things and being told what to do, I'm like a slave, you know, I'm starting to debate now on whether helping Stripe is good idea. I bet he'll start bossing me about and teasing me, just like Mohawk. I bet you!\" Lenny thought mentally Anger rushed through him like a tidal wave, he didn't even know who's side he was on anymore. His thoughts were then interrupted by Stripe landing on the roof with a loud THUD! This made Lenny fall back with surprise he was grinning at Lenny in a sadistic way whilst folding his arms. \"Good job Len.\" Stripe said, before grinning again \"Heh...thanks.\" Lenny said nervously Lenny then started moving backwards slightly but, Stripe only jumped to the other side of the sky light and picked him up again. \"There's no need to be scared Len. I can see it in your eyes, I won't hurt you, ok?\" Stripe said, trying to put it in his best comforting words Stripe then laid him down in his arms and held him as if he was a baby. \"See? Am I hurting you now?\" Stripe said, whilst grinning Lenny quickly shook his head. \"Good.\" Stripe replied, he then turned to the gremlins in the tree \"Ok, everybody in!\" he yelled Then, all the spawned Gremlins came running and jumping down the skylight faster than 10,000,000 cheetahs'. Daffy then soon joined them, by doing a mad laugh, then cannon balled down. Greta then came past, blowing a kiss at Stripe before jumping down quickly. George then came past giving Lenny thumbs up before jumping down as well. Next was Mohawk, he stopped when he saw Lenny and gave him a death glare, which made Lenny cringe, before jumping down wildly. Brain then came up to both of them and smiled at Lenny. \"Good Job!\" he mouthed to Lenny before giving Stripe a death glare and joined the others by jumping down \"So Lenny, want to jump down yourself?\" Stripe asked, whilst looking at Lenny \"No thanks.\" Lenny replied, whilst looking down at how high it was to jump \"I'd rather go with you.\" He said to Stripe, whilst looking back at him Stripe only smiled. \"Ok then.\" Stripe said as he grabbed the skylight's hold \"ALLEYOOP!\" He yelled before jumping down himself, with Lenny in his arms and, slamming the skylight down as if nothing happened. So, now what do you think is going to happen? Please review! ^^ And, till the next chapter, ciao! ^^[Chapter 7] I do not own Gremlins, they belong to Joe Dante all except for...Angela Angela: YAY! Hope you like this chapter! The others, except for Brain were preparing a landing for Stripe, it was nothing special really, just a blow up box, the spawned Gremlins were lazy, so, they just did their own thing, Brain also wasn't doing anything, mostly cause of his pure hatred for Stripe so, it was mostly Greta, Mohawk, George and Daffy every 5 seconds, doing the work. \"QUICK, BRAIN, GET ME THAT PUMPER!\" Greta yelled as she ran round in circles, panicking Brain, who had his back turned to her, turned his head round slowly. \"I'm not doing anything!\" Brain snapped, whilst facing the wall \"But, if you don't, good ol' Stripey's gonna go through the ceiling.\" Mohawk sneered, whilst grinning like a naughty child \"Yeah! And with Lenny as well!\" George exclaimed, before frowning Brain then turned round. \"Well, Lenny can survive, just, not him.\" Brain shouted, before turning round again \"OH FOR GOD'S SAKE BRAIN!\" Greta screeched, she then turned to Daffy \"Daffy, go get the pumper over there, and, hurry!\" Greta demanded as she looked up at the Gremlin that was coming down Daffy, being as mad as he is, understood and ran madly whilst laughing, in a hyper state over to the pumper, where he grabbed it first handily before running like a road runner back to Greta with the pumper before giddily bouncing away to do his own thing. \"Thanks Daffy!\" Greta called, as he bounced away She then inserted the pumper into its component and started pumping down until it was pumped, which then Stripe landed on it with it all still standing up but, it wheezed like a broken trumpet. \"Thanks for helping me down Stripe.\" Lenny said politely, as Stripe let him free \"Ah, no problem Len, get some rest eh.\" Stripe replied, as he tried to stand up on the rubber Lenny only nodded and walked off to the right. Stripe eyed him for a few seconds before trying to walk across the rubber, then falling flat on his face as he came to the end of it. \"Owwwwww...\" Stripe growled, as he lifted his face up from the rubber \"You ok Stripey?\" Greta cooed as she came over to his spot Stripe turned his head to her. \"Yeah, fine, thanks for the landing by the way.\" He said then grinned at Greta Greta only blushed. \"You're welcome.\" Greta replied, embarrassed \"Should I help you off?\" she asked \"Uh, yeah, why not?\" Stripe replied, whilst smiling Greta then held one of her hands out for him to hold on to, Stripe struggled to get up but, he eventually managed, grabbed her hand with his and jumped off quickly with the 2 Gremlins still holding hands. \"Hey Stripe.\" Greta whispered \"What!\" Stripe whined Greta only giggled. \"Were holding hands.\" She said, and then giggled again. Stripe looked down and saw that they were, actually, holding hands. \"BLERGGGGGGHHHHHHH!\" Stripe screeched before quickly yanking his hand away Stripe then turned round to walk off but, Greta's hand was on his shoulder. \"Oh, and Stripe.\" Greta cooed \"What...\" Stripe replied flatly, whilst turning his head slightly Greta only responded by giving him one, big, kiss, right on his left cheek. \"Complements from me.\" Greta declared, joyfully after she done this kiss \"Right...\" Stripe replied, freaked \"See ya later then Stripey.\" Greta cooed again Stripe only nodded and quickly walked off. As he walked though, Greta just stared, once again, in love. \"He's soooooooooooo cute...\" Greta said dreamily, whilst blinking her eyes \"Ahhhhhhhh...\" Greta whispered, as she fainted, love struck. AGAIN! As Stripe walked, he passed Brain who was folding his arms and smiling, Stripe only looked back at him before, once again, walking off. Brain, however, interfered as he walked. \"So, you got a crush on Greta, eh?\" Brain sneered, as he watched Stripe walk past Stripe turned to Brain, really annoyed. \"I'm guessing that you saw everything and, the answer to that is no, she's so ugly y'know.\" Stripe whined, he then started walking again \"Stripe's got a crush; Stripe's got a crush...\" Brain teased, whilst pointing at Stripe Stripe only came charging at him. \"SHUT UP BRAIN! I DON'T EVEN LIKE HER!\" Stripe shouted, whilst raising his arms in the air Brain only held his hands up. \"Whoa... easy tiger, I get it, ok.\" Brain said, then gave Stripe a devilish grin Stripe only gritted his teeth, and then, walked off in a huff. \"Stupid kissy-wissy Greta! Stupid Brain and his stupid remarks!\" Stripe muttered as he walked past Lenny, who had only just gotten off the rubber landing. Lenny then looked up to see George running over to him. \"Wow Lenny, I can't believe that you did that mission, and, completed it, I'm really proud of you.\" George said, when he came to a stop to Lenny Lenny just smiled, his confidence was getting better. \"Thanks George.\" Lenny replied, whilst putting his hands behind his back \"Hi-five Len!\" George called, as he raised his hand in the air Lenny just did a hi-five back. \"You know, I'm glad that I have a friend like you Lenny, I really am.\" George said proudly, whilst smiling at Lenny Lenny was about to say something back but, before he could, he saw Mohawk coming over and he looked evil as ever. He then stopped still and crossed his arms whilst grinning; Lenny was now frowning and was shivering slightly. George however, just had his normal face on, like nothing had happened. \"What's this? An all dumbo's alike gathering?\" Mohawk teased, he then started cackling \"Shut it Mohawk! At least it ain't all about you, like it used to be.\" George snapped, not scared at all of Mohawk Mohawk then stopped cackling and swiftly turned to George. \"Shut up George!\" Mohawk yelled before turning to Lenny and looked straight at him, seeing all his fear in his eyes. Lenny just gulped. Whatever Mohawk wanted to say or do, he just wanted him to get it over with. Mohawk was coming closer to him now, he hated it when Mohawk would bully him and just wanted it to stop. \"Listen Lenny, you're just a big, fat, dumbo. And that ain't ever going to change.\" Mohawk teased, whilst poking Lenny's belly at the words 'big' 'fat' and 'dumbo' Lenny only shivered, not saying a word. \" Just ignore him like Stripe said, just, ignore him.\" Lenny thought mentally \"And, Lenny, I know that you're attached to Stripe, you really like him don't you, like a father-son relationship isn't it? You think you're the number 1 Mogwai on his list, don't you? Cause, he's giving you all the attention.\" Mohawk continued \"Mohawk, why don't you just go away!\" George shouted \"QUIET!\" Mohawk snapped, whilst turning to George, he then turned back to Lenny \"So what's your answer to that?\" he questioned playfully, whilst grinning. \"Well...Uh...I-I-I...\" Lenny started; he just couldn't get the words out \"Forget it Lenny! You obviously think that he likes you the best when he actually doesn't, the Mogwai he likes best, is. Me.\" Mohawk said, still smiling and grinning Lenny only said nothing again, he felt so scared, and, he never thought of Mohawk feeling so jealous, he was obviously green with envy that he got to do the mission and that someone, apart from George said something kind to him for once and, it was one of the evil Gremlin legends as well who said it so, he could see why Mohawk gave him that death glare before he jumped down. \"Why you ask? Well... for one I'm more evil than you 2 and Daffy, two, I have a Mohawk, a hairstyle kinda like his, and three, I'm black furred.\" Mohawk went on, showing himself off as he said these words \"WHAT'S YOUR FUR BEING BLACK GOT TO DO WITH ANYTHING!\" George screeched, obviously annoyed Mohawk turned to him. \"Well, Black is an evil colour and, I have the most of it.\" He turned back to Lenny. \"But, what I'm saying is, stay away from Stripe! He's mine! Ok! I'm the only one that's ever going to do the missions! Ok!\" Mohawk shouted, coming really, really close to Lenny Lenny just quickly nodded. \"Good.\" Was all Mohawk said, before walking off Lenny just stared at what was ahead of him, still as a statue. George came over to him. \"You ok Lenny?\" he asked, worried for his friend \"No, not really George.\" Lenny replied, deep in thought \"Its not cause of Mohawk, is it?\" George questioned Lenny only shook his head. \"I need to go do something.\" Lenny said quickly, then, rushed off George just stood still for 5 seconds before shrugging his shoulders and walked off in a random direction. Mohawk was running faster than the speed of light, trying to find Stripe, he really needed to ask him something. Pronto. He then stopped running for a moment and started to walk backwards until, he finally bumped into something, Mohawk then turned round slowly, it was another gremlin! He then spotted in a dusty, old mirror that his mohawk was flattened, thanks to bumping into that gremlin, he gritted his teeth together. He hated his mohawk when it did things like that especially, when it was someone else's fault. \"NOW LISTEN BUB! I DON'T NEED YOU GOING ROUND, MAKING MY HAIR LOOK A STATE AND, IF YOU DON'T FIX IT I'M GONNA...\" Mohawk shouted, the Gremlin then turned round and looked straight down at him, he then realized who it was \"STRIPE! I-I DIDN'T REALIZE! I-I-I...\" Mohawk screamed, panicking Stripe then knelt down to his level. \"It's ok Mohawk, you didn't know. Anyway, what are you doing here?\" Stripe asked \"Well, I...\" Mohawk started but, Stripe only interrupted \"As a matter of fact Mohawk, I was looking for you. I need to tell you something.\" Stripe said, whilst grinning Mohawk's eyes then widened. \"What is it?\" he asked \"Well, I was thinking, I do need a 2nd in command for my army, don't I?\" Stripe trailed off Mohawk just nodded. Stripe scooted round behind Mohawk and put both hands on both shoulders and turned his head one way close to his ears. \"Well, I was thinking... would you like to do it?\" Stripe asked, whilst grinning evilly at him Mohawk just stood still for a bit. He clasped his hands together in glory, which was his dream opportunity and guess what? Stripe was going to give it to him, and, he was glad, really glad, in fact more than glad, he was ecstatic, he never felt so happy in all his life. This to him; was going to be fun commanding everyone, especially one certain Mogwai. \" Ha! He does like me the best! I can't wait to slack Lenny off, more him than anyone also that nerd too, yeah! I can't wait! I may have been a loner before but, this time, I'm gonna take this more seriously!\" Mohawk thought proudly He started rubbing his hands together, thinking of all the disgusting deeds that Lenny could do, his malicious red eyes gleamed like lasers. He turned back to Stripe with a dirty grin. \"Stripe, you got yourself a deal!\" Mohawk said, whilst grinning and putting his hands on his hips Brain, who just heard what Mohawk said, clenched his fists into tight balls and growled at the devious pair, who were now shaking hands. \"Remember though Mohawk, it's only when I'm not around. Ok?\" Stripe said firmly Mohawk then frowned slightly, whilst shuffling his feet and was looking down at the floor. He then looked back at Stripe. \"Alright then, I still want the job though.\" Mohawk replied, his face straight Stripe then stood up and grinned. \"Good, well, if I need you to cover up, I'll let you know.\" Stripe said Mohawk just smiled. \"Stripe, thanks a lot!\" Mohawk said joyfully, before then running off Stripe then watched Mohawk go for a bit before turning round to see...Brain behind him and he wasn't happy. \"YOU IDIOT!\" Brain shouted, enraged Stripe just stared at him like nothing happened. \"What?\" Stripe whined, not caring \"YOU JUST PUT MOHAWK IN 2ND COMMAND SPOT, DON'T YOU REALISE THAT THIS WILL DOOM US ALL!\" Brain screeched \"What do you mean by that then?\" Stripe asked, confused \"Mohawk's a spoiled brat you know! He's gonna make us all do disgusting things for him to treat him like a king, he's no leader material! That's why I had to take over before!\" Brain exclaimed \"OH! And you are!\" Stripe exclaimed back, whilst folding his arms \"Well, yes!\" Brain replied, whilst repeating Stripe's action \"Brain, 2 things, one, he's more confident and evil than you anyway and two, I'm the leader so, I make the decisions round here! Got that?\" Stripe shouted, looking straight on at Brain, not caring what in the world he said Brain just raised his eyebrows. \"And?\" he whined \"Brain, if you don't clear off and agree with me, I swear you're going to get it!\" Stripe growled, whilst looking at his claws to see how long they were \"Stripe, can I just say, you, are very, uncivilised! And, fine! I will agree with you and clear off but, I still don't think Mohawk should be taking that role. Now, if he makes this loft into a spider den or something don't be crying to me for help!\" Brain said, before walking off Stripe just smirked and thought nothing of it. \"Heh...loser.\" Stripe muttered Mohawk was just running round like he won the lottery. \"YES! YES! YES!\" Mohawk cheered as he ran, he then ran past Lenny, but said or did nothing Lenny was walking slowly, VERY slowly, like he was worried about something, and that, indeed, was true. \" Should I really be doing this?\" Lenny thought as he walked past many, random, Gremlins \" I know it's wrong but, I'm evil, ain't I?\" Lenny thought again, his eyes sparkling with worry He then saw Stripe ahead of him; he then hid behind the nearest thing, trying not to get seen. He then peeped round at Stripe again. \"That's it! I've made up my mind! If I do it, I guess it won't be so bad at the end of it.\" Lenny thought Lenny then started running straight to Stripe. \"Hey! Stripe!\" Lenny called \"I really need to talk to you, pronto!\" Lenny yelled as he ran Stripe then whipped round and looked down at Lenny. \"LENNY!\" Stripe exclaimed cheerfully \"Look, I really...really...\" Lenny exclaimed \"I know! You want to talk to me. So? What is it?\" Stripe asked, curious \"Well...\" Lenny started; he then looked all around him \"Can we talk somewhere private?\" Lenny asked, looking back at Stripe Stripe just widened his eyes, then nodded. The 2 of them then went to a corner in the loft, where not many gremlins were and stood there for a moment before Stripe turning his head to Lenny. \"So? What is it then?\" Stripe asked \"Well, you know Brain's plan when he said that there was a spy involved.\" Lenny explained Stripe then nodded. \"Yeah?\" he asked \"Well, I know someone that can help us defeat Gizmo.\" Lenny replied Stripe then knelt down to his level and stared hard at Lenny, ears listening. \"Really, who?\" Stripe asked, curious as ever Hope you enjoyed this chapter ^^ Now what do you think the answers are in these questions? 1 - Does Stripe really have a crush on Greta? 2 - How much longer will Brain have to keep up with Stripe's demands? 3 - Who of this spy that Lenny is speaking of? (I might of gave it away DX) and finally... 4 - Was this a good chapter? include your answers in your review ^^ cause I'd love to know what you readers are thinking and, till the next one Ciao ^^ Gremlins: Yeah! Ciao ^^ include your predictions in your review[Chapter 8] Same as the others, I don't own Gremlins and blah blah Hope you enjoy this chapter ^^ Lenny just smiled and said. \"Well, let's just say that there a friend of mine, we've been friends for nearly 6 years now and, she's the very best when it comes to spying.\" Stripe widened his eyes. \"She? So how sneaky is she exactly?\" Stripe asked, not taking his eyes off Lenny for a second \"REALLY sneaky, she's quieter than droplets of water and a mouse combined; plus, she's a really good manipulator, she manipulated me a few times that it's unbelievable!\" Lenny replied Stripe then grinned his most devilish grin ever and looked away for a moment. \" Hmmmmmmm... this spy girl could help me take Gizmo out; there are 2 types of spying either, she just spy's at all times or she can manipulate him and write down information afterwards either way, she sounds like the perfect spy. Heh heh! But, there is one...slight...problem. Is she evil? Cause, if she isn't that's going to be one...BIG problem.\" Stripe thought He then looked back at the innocent, buck-toothed Lenny and stared straight at him. \" I'll ask Lenny; he seems to know a lot about this spy then, I'll take it from there.\" Stripe thought \"Lenny is this girl evil?\" Stripe questioned \"Nope, she's actually really nice, unless you make her angry of course and, trust me, you don't want to.\" Lenny explained Stripe just nodded, stood up, turned away and thought hard. \" DRAT! So she isn't evil then, now what?\" Stripe thought, as he stared at the nearest wall. He then thought of something. A malicious smirk crept up on his face; this was going to be good. He turned back to Lenny \"Lenny, could you possibly bring her here tonight this, can certainly not wait until tomorrow night!\" Stripe questioned quickly Lenny only frowned and looked down at the floor. After a bit, he lifted his head up and sighed. \"Fine...I'll bring her tonight but, I need a lot of time off once I do.\" Lenny replied, annoyed \"Thankyou Lenny! Thankyou! Thankyou! You're the best!\" Stripe cheered, whilst picking up Lenny and hugging him really tight \"And, I can assure you, you'll have a lot of time off after bringing her in.\" Stripe said Lenny, however, couldn't really say much because he couldn't breathe Stripe was hugging him that tight. \"Stripe...can't...breathe...squeezing me...too tight.\" Lenny managed to breathe, as he struggled in Stripe's arms \"Oh, sorry Len.\" Stripe said, whilst letting him free \"I just got carried away there.\" Stripe whispered \"Stripe, can I just ask you something though?\" Lenny questioned \"Yes, what is it?\" Stripe asked \"How am I going to get out of the house?\" Lenny questioned. Stripe then looked round; trying to find somewhere Lenny could exit from, he then looked at the loft door; it was left open. He walked over, put Lenny down and looked down the hatch; the ladder coming from it was still there. Stripe then started climbing down the ladder with Lenny following close behind. When he got down to the bottom, he was on the balcony to the stairs; Stripe then looked round until he spotted the front door right in front of him, he then turned to Lenny. \"Lenny, the front door, go out through there!\" Stripe exclaimed, whilst pointing at the door Stripe then jumped on the stair handrail and slid down it on his bum before getting off at the bottom, Lenny followed but, only by slowly coming down the steps. Stripe then ran to the coat rack where Lenny was at before and grabbed the nearest key on the shelf and tried to unlock the door, Lenny then came over and waited. Stripe then turned to look at him. \"How did a little guy like you manage to reach the shelf then?\" Stripe asked, whilst turning the key and grinning at Lenny \"Well, let's just say that I swung for it.\" Lenny replied Stripe was now pulling on the door handle for it to open. \"BLASTED DOOR!\" Stripe cursed as he pulled on the handle \"Uh Stripe...it's already open.\" Lenny quietly said, as he watched Stripe try to pull it open Stripe then stopped pulling to notice that the door was actually, already open and sighed. \"You know, I could've broke the handle off if you didn't tell me.\" Stripe said, whilst smirking \"Yeah... but then we'd be in trouble.\" Lenny replied, whilst walking slowly to the door \"I guess...but then...\" Stripe playfully said, whilst grabbing the door handle \"STRIPE!\" Lenny yelled back \"What?\" Stripe laughed as he took his hand off the handle and burst into laughter \"Ha ha! Just playing with you Len.\" Stripe said, after he finished laughing Stripe then opened up the door to Lenny out; Lenny only walked forward and turned to Stripe. \"So, anything I need to know before I go?\" Lenny asked, whilst looking at Stripe \"Well, when you and her get back you have to somehow get up to the roof and go down the skylight again, I'll set up that rubber landing at the bottom for when you both get down.\" Stripe explained Lenny only nodded. \"Ok, anything else?\" he asked Stripe's face then changed from a smacked up smirk to a serious look. \"Look Lenny, when you tell her about the spy job, don't tell her that I'm evil, ok!\" Stripe said, serious \"But wh-...\" Lenny started \"JUST DON'T OK!\" Stripe shouted Lenny only frowned and sighed. \"Oh...ok then...I won't.\" He whined \"Good. Here, take this.\" Stripe said, whilst handing him a walkie talkie \"What's this for?\" Lenny asked, whilst looking closely at his talkie \"To contact me, just to let me know things that are going on in the streets with you oh, and stay away from the water alright!\" Stripe explained \"Ok, ok Stripe I get it. Look, I really must get going.\" Lenny whined as he jumped out to the doorstep \"Well then Lenny, good luck!\" Stripe exclaimed \"Thanks!\" Lenny replied He then turned away from Stripe and walked off into the darkness. Stripe grinned as he watched Lenny walk, when he was out of sight, he slammed the door and locked it before wondering back up to the loft. Quiet as a mouse, Lenny walked through the streets of New York, slipping past many houses as he went, Lenny only smiled at himself, he never thought of himself as sneaky. Lenny then looked up at the midnight sky and stopped walking; the stars were up there winking glamorously at him for good luck, Lenny only smiled at the sky before he started to walk again. \" How am I going to find her?\" Lenny thought questioningly, as he walked to the end of the path. He then turned a corner, he was now out in the city itself, all the lights in the shops were off and all advertising billboards were shutting down for the night, everything was off; all except for the street lights but, lucky for Lenny, they were dim but bright enough at least for himself to see where he was going. \" I think I can remember her house and what it looks like well, I hope that I can, I really do.\" Lenny thought, as he walked on He then stopped and took something out of a fur pocket that he had, it was a photo, a photo of 2 Mogwai and one of them was him. They were both standing outside something; Lenny figured it was the house. \"See! I knew it was the house! I knew that it was New York that she lived in!\" Lenny whispered to himself, as he looked over at all the happy memories that he and he best friend shared. He then felt something rubbing on his hand, something rough and hard against his fingertips, he then turned the photo over... stuck to the back with tape was a bracelet. It was silver on the outline, also on there were some gold and silver beads inscripted with the Mogwai and Gremlin language on them and, in Bronze, big letters was his name (in English) , decorated with some fancy patterns on the letters. \"Wow...\" Lenny whispered, as he felt the bracelet He then looked down from the bracelet, there was a note written there, he looked at it and read it, it said... This is for you to remember me Love ... Lenny only frowned, why didn't he notice the bracelet before? He now felt extremely bad for not noticing it, he then undone the tape from the bracelet, picked it up and put it on his wrist, the streetlights bounced off his name making it shine bright as ever. \"There!\" Lenny said, as he smiled at his best friend bracelet He then lifted the back of the photo back up to his eyes and looked to see if there was anything else there and, there was actually something it read... Mobile number 07534462218 \" Hmmmmmmm... that could be useful... really useful .\" Lenny thought, as he looked at the back of the photo where the number was, and then started walking again, whilst turning the photo back over. \"Now, where in New York is thenearest telephone box?\"Lenny whined out loud, whilst looking at the photo of him and his best friend and walking at the same time. But, whilst looking at the photo however, Lenny felt his head bang into something. \"Ouch...\" Lenny muttered, whilst holding the part of his head that he banged. He then looked up to find out what he banged in to and, standing right in front of him was a telephone box, he then looked beside him and there was a £1 coin right next to him, he picked it up and smiled up at the telephone box. \" YES! This couldn't have come at a better time!\" Lenny thought cheerily He then raced round to the front of the box, since he was round the back of it, walked in, put the £1 coin in the hole and, whilst looking at the back of his old memory photo, dialled the number in and waited. He held the phone to his ear and listened, no-one had answered yet, Lenny then started shivering vibrantly, and his whole body was like a wobbling jelly, he was basically shivering all over, he nearly dropped the phone; he was vibrating that much. \" Oh God! I feel so nervous, what if she doesn't recognise my voice? What if she doesn't remember me? Oh God... oh God...I bet she'll hate me after all of this y'know.\" Lenny thought, as he shuck vibraitingly He then waited patiently until someone answered. \"Hello?\" Came the voice from the other line \"WAHHH!\" Lenny yelled in surprise, whilst accidently dropping the phone out of his hands, her voice had made him jump greatly, he then quickly picked up the phone and smacked it to his ear \"Hello _, you made me jump!\" Lenny replied, whilst holding the phone to his ear. Authors note: when _ comes in it means that it's the name of the spy don't worry, you viewers will find out what their name is at the end of this chapter and I don't just want to let it spoil it for you now. (It's just for this chapter) \"LENNY! IS THAT YOU!\" the voice on the other line screamed in happiness \"Yes _, it's me and listen, I have a mission for you, so want to meet up in New York?\" Lenny asked, whilst also trying to karm the other voice down \"OH YES! DEFINATELY! When do you want to do it? Tomorrow? Yep! Definitely tomorrow...\" the other voice went on, they sounded really excited \"_, I actually want to meet up with you tonight and, never mind if it's not possible, just get here right now!\" Lenny shouted down the phone \"But Lenny, it's nearly midnight! And I was sleeping as well until you woke me up!\" the other voice groaned in annoyance \"I'm sorry _ but this is important! Besides, there's a spy mission waiting for you.\" Lenny said back \"A SPY MISSION! OMG! I HAVEN'T DONE ONE SINCE WE PARTED Y'KNOW!\" the voice screamed in excitement down the phone \"Ah, 6 years together and 6 years apart, sweet isn't it?\" the voice cooed There was then a long pause. \"Yeah, I guess it is so, you know in New York my phone box is called The Big Apple so, meet me round the corner from that in that dead end, long wall bit, ok?\" Lenny explained \"Alright then Lenny, I'll be over!\" the voice replied with enthusiasm \"GREAT! I'll see you there!\" Lenny exclaimed, whilst smiling happily \"Oh, and stay away from water!\" he joked \"You know I will! See ya Lenny! Bye!\" the other voice cheered, excited \"Bye!\" Lenny replied softly And then she hanged up. Lenny then put the phone back its position and sighed. \" Wow... after 6 years, I'm gonna see her again...gee...I'm really, really looking forward to this...ah, I've never felt so good in all my life...\" Lenny thought happily A bubbly smile crept up on his face and he felt himself blush with excitement, he then randomly fell back to the floor and was about to take the photo out again to look at it when... his walkie talkie beeped, disturbing his thoughts, Lenny only groaned as he took it out in annoyance and pressed the button. \"Lenny! What's going on out there! Have you found her yet? What's going on? Are you ok?\" Stripe yelled in worry from the other line Lenny found it difficult to answer because of Stripe going on but, as Stripe karmed down he started to say his answer. \"Karm down Stripe, everything's fine! I'm actually meeting up with her somewhere in New York and then we'll both be right over.\" Lenny replied \"Great! And Lenny, when you get back, you and her tread carefully, Gizmo and his petty human friends are back so were keeping it down up here well, were having a party up here so we toned down the music a bit.\" Stripe went on \"And, remember what I told you.\" \"Yeah, yeah! Stay away from the water!\" Lenny grumbled \"NO! I meant the other thing!\" Stripe whined Lenny then knew what he meant and frowned. \"Oh, right.\" He said in a sad tone \"Look, Lenny, I know it's hard but, you're just going to have to do it, Right?\" Stripe replied \"I guess so.\" Lenny whined \"Good boy! I'll see you later then; I'll be waiting with a cocktail. Bye!\" Stripe finally said, before cutting off Lenny then pressed the off button on his talkie and started walking again. \" Why? Oh why? Must I lie to you _ I'm sorry if I get you in the biggest mess ever, I'll understand if you don't want me as a friend after all of this.\" Lenny thought as he then turned the corner at the end of the path. He then spotted the dead end, long wall place where he was supposed to meet his best friend and walked closer into the darkness of the area. Lenny yawned, he felt so tired, and working for Stripe was definitely tiring. He then spotted a sack next to him, it looked comfortable and it was dry, he then looked inside it, very dry, there was no sight of water in it or near it. Lenny shrugged, he could use a bit of rest right now so he just climbed in and snuggled inside it and fell off into a deep, deep slumber. Half an hour later... Lenny woke with a start, it was really blurry when he woke up, he was still half-asleep, he rubbed his eyes, he was still in the sack, which was good, right? Lenny then turned round behind him to see a pair of brown eyes looking at him quizzically. Lenny, thinking that he was seeing things, then rubbed his eyes again, his eyes then started to adjust, staring at him, was another Mogwai but, a Female, more like the Female version of Gizmo with a few changes. \"Lenny?\" the Female Mogwai questioned \"Is that you?\" she asked \"Angela...\" Lenny said in shock The 2 Mogwai then stared at each other in shock; memories came flooding in for both of them. Angela smiled, her eyes sparkling, tears of joy ran down her face. Lenny smiled as well; a tear rolled down his cheek and hit the sack, making it damp. \"ANGELA!\" Lenny screamed, crawling over to her \"LENNY!\" Angela screamed back, who was also crawling up to him The 2 Mogwai then hugged each other tight, not letting the other go for a second; they were both so happy to see each other again. \"I missed you so much.\" Angela whispered, whilst hugging Lenny tight \"Yeah, me too.\" Lenny replied, whilst hugging on to Angela They then sat there inside the sack, holding on to each other tight for what sounded like eternity until they let go but, Lenny was holding on to Angela's waist, while she was holding on to his shoulders. \"So, Lenny, what was this spy mission that you were telling me about?\" Angela asked, excited Lenny's smile then faded slightly. \"Angela, we have a lot to talk about.\" Lenny replied Angela only nodded, prepared for what he was about to say next So, now you've found out about the spy Angela is owned by me ^^ The reason that I didn't describe Angela is because on my profile, there is actually a description about her looks, personality and everything you need to know about her so, go to my profile if you want to know what she looks like and stuff ^^ Hope you enjoyed this chapter! ^^ What did you think? Please review ^^ Ciao ^^[Chapter 9] As I said in the other chapters I do not own Gremlins they belong to their respectable owner Joe Dante. ^^ However, Angela is owned by me ^^ Hope you are enjoying the story so far ^^ Enjoy! :D \"Angela, about the mission, it isn't an assignment from me.\" Lenny said, whilst hanging his head down slightly Confused, but curious, Angela tilted her head slightly, put her head back to normal position and stared hard at Lenny. \"Well, who's it from then?\" she asked \"You're not going to like it if I tell you.\" Lenny said slowly \"Lenny, JUST TELL ME! WHO IS IT FROM?\" Angela whined impatiently \"Fine! It's from a Gremlin and...\" Lenny started He then looked up to see Angela shaking and turning pale slightly, her cream fur was standing up on end and her eyes were twinkling with fear. Angela felt her heart beat really; really loud...it hadn't beaten that fast and loud since... what happened before, memories started running back to her mind again, she then started breathing really heavily. Lenny spotted this and only hugged her tight. \"Angela, forget about what happened before, it's over now.\" Lenny said softly, as he rubbed her head and pushed it deeper to his chest \"I know, but it still haunts me now and, I'm not doing it if there's any Gremlins involved.\" Angela cried, as she buried her head in Lenny's soft fur \"Well, there not involved in the mission, they're the ones asking you to do it.\" Lenny said, trying to karm her down \"OH GOD, THAT'S EVEN WORSE!\" Angela screamed She then clinged to Lenny, grabbing his fur really hard, shaking like a leaf, the torture that she went through in the past was too much for her but then, Lenny went through it with her as well and he had gotten over it easy but, she had a lot more heartbreak and torture than he did. \"Angela, I swear this Gremlin won't hurt you.\" Lenny lied \" Until she disobeys or something.\" He thought \"You sure?\" Angela questioned, whilst looking into Lenny's big, maroon eyes \"Of course I'm sure! I wouldn't lie to you now, would I Angie?\" Lenny said sweetly \"And, don't worry about the others, I'll protect you, with me by your side, you won't ever get hurt.\" Lenny said bravely \"Wait. There's more than one?\" Angela cried quickly \"Well, yeah but, just give it a chance Angie. PLEASE!\" Lenny begged Angela then let go of Lenny and thought about what she should do. \" Why does Lenny want me to do that mission so badly? \" Angela thought, as she looked down at the floor \" I mean, it ain't like Lenny wanting to be VIM of something is it? But, he's my friend, he won't sell me off will he?\" she thought, whilst keeping her head down Angela then lifted her head up, she had made a decision. \"I'll give it a go! Even if there is Gremlins involved.\" Angela said happily She then smiled devilishly at Lenny before walking closer to him until she was right by his face. They both stared into the other's eyes with happiness brimming on both their faces, it was such a warm moment, and all was silent. \"You're a brave girl Angela.\" Lenny whispered, as he looked in to her warm, milk chocolate eyes \"Well, as long as I have you by my side, I'll pull through nicely.\" Angela replied, not taking her eyes off him for a second. Lenny only smiled and blushed but, the blush was really tiny and faint, so Angela couldn't see it. Lenny then extended his hand to her \"Shall we?\" he asked sweetly Angela only smiled, nodded and took Lenny's hand. The two of them stared one last time at each other before crawling out the sack together. Then, by taking each other's hands they walked back the way Lenny came, hand in hand. They walked out of the alley (the dead end one) and walked round into the New York streets, they past the Big Apple telephone box and walked on through the streets, all was silent; all that was heard was there footsteps padding on the pavement. As they walked, Lenny then turned to look at Angela out of the corner of his eye for a second, before resuming back to his thoughts. \" Come-on Lenny! Say something to her you idiot!\" his head cursed mentally Lenny then once again turned his head slightly towards Angela but, before he knew it, he could feel his head twist back round the way he was originally looking. He once again blushed as he heard Angela giggle next to him. \" UH! Why do I feel so vulnerable? I mean she's just a friend to me. Right?\" Lenny gripped her hand tight. \" RIGHT?\" He gripped Angela's hand even tighter. He felt the urge that he needed to keep her safe no matter what; nothing was going to stop him from doing that tonight. He then ran fast as lighting, gripping Angela tight. NOTHING. \"Lenny, why are we going so fast?\" Angela questioned worriedly Lenny only kept going, with determination spread across his face. Angela only raised her eyebrows and frowned. \"Lenny, please stop!\" Angela exclaimed But Lenny kept going; he wasn't going to stop, not until they get back into that house. \"LENNY, IF YOU DON'T STOP, I'M GOING TO SCREAM SO LOUD!\" Angela screamed Upon hearing this, as they were about to turn the corner, Lenny skidded to a stop and let go of Angela's hand, he turned his back to her, regaining his thoughts. He clenched his fists into balls as he faced the Peltzer house across the road. \"Lenny...you're starting to scare me.\" Angela whimpered. Lenny only sighed, his back still turned and he was facing still towards the house. \"I'm sorry Angela; I don't know what's got into me.\" Lenny replied. He turned to face her, Angela looked close to crying, he knew she was worried about him. \" I'm not driving her away am I?\" Lenny thought mentally He couldn't have her walk away from him, she meant so much to him, she had been his only friend since the incident and, even though they were away from each other for 6 years, he still knew her, his only friend. Of course George was his friend, but that was different. When he first met her, she changed his life; and now, since seeing her, he felt so vulnerable round her, he didn't know why. What was this feeling that he was getting? Well, he was going to find out for himself. \"Lenny, are you ok?\" Angela whispered Lenny walked towards her, grabbed both of her hands and held them tight. He looked into her worried eyes and kept a straight face. \"I don't know Angie; it's just that I... well...,\" after saying this, he paused for a moment. \"Angie...I think...I...\" Lenny was about to say the rest of his sentence when... \"BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP!\" \"What's that noise Lenny?\" Angela questioned Lenny only reached into his pocket and pulled out his talkie, it was calling; he sighed in annoyance. \"Dear God... its Stripe.\" Lenny replied groggily \"Who's that?\" Angela asked But Lenny didn't answer; he just pressed the answer button. \"Hello.\" He said randomly \"LENNY, WHERE ARE YOU! YOU'VE BEEN OUT FOR NEARLY AN HOUR!\" Stripe shrieked down the talkie Lenny just cringed as the sound waves of Stripe's voice hurt his ear mentally. \"Stripe! Will you karm down! Were outside the house! Well, coming to it. But you just keep your scales on!\" Lenny yelled in annoyance \"Well, sorry for being worried! But anyway, see you in a bit.\" Stripe replied \"Sorry Stripe, it's just that i'm really stressed and...\" Lenny started, but Stripe interrupted \"Len...Len...Len...it's okay, I understand look, you'll be getting a break after you bring your friend here. Just relax, ok? And I'll see you later.\" Stripe replied and cut off Lenny then pressed the cut off button himself before heading towards the road to cross with Angela following close behind. \"Was that the Gremlin who asked for me?\" Angela questioned as they walked across the road \"Yep.\" Lenny replied They both came to the front of the house with Lenny looking for a way in the loft, while Angela looked up at the house in amazement. \"Whoa. Nice house.\" Angela commented as she smiled up at the house \"Yeah? Well, you won't believe what evil's inside it.\" Lenny replied, whilst turning to smirk at her He then turned back to the house. \"Now... how to get in...\" Lenny asked himself, whilst folding his arms \"What is it Lenny?\" Angela asked, whilst walking over to him Lenny turned to her and pointed up at the open skylight on the roof. \"See that skylight Angie? That's where we gotta get in.\" Lenny replied, whilst looking at the skylight himself Angela nodded. She looked round for a way to get in; her eyes glanced at the trees that the Gremlins last climbed. Her eyes trailed upwards, to the top of the tree, she then looked at the phone line that casted next to it. She turned to Lenny and smiled at him. \"Lenny, I think I have an idea.\" Angela said \"Really? What is it?\" Lenny asked, curious 10 mins later... \"You mean that we have to balance across the telephone wire?\" Lenny questioned, speechless \"Yep, we do, now excuse me while I get my position right.\" Angela said She then walked forward, brushing the leaves off her fur and walked to the edge of the tree, getting ready to balance. \"ANGELA! WAIT!\" Lenny yelled, whilst running at her full speed Angela turned her head back to him and before she could blink, he was right next to her, blocking her from crossing. \"ITS TOO DANGEROUS! I'M NOT LETTING YOU ACROSS!\" Lenny yelled, whilst folding his arms at her Surprised, Angela widened her eyes, she had never seen Lenny this protective before. \" What's gotten into him? He knows that I can look after myself . Why's he being so protective?\" Angela thought to herself \"Lenny, I can look after myself! Now let me across!\" Angela yelled Angela walked forward and pushed Lenny out of her way. She then put one foot on the telephone wire and started to walk across it. When she was halfway across Lenny joined her by putting his foot on the telephone line and doing the same but, he was more focused on Angela than his footing. He wouldn't let her out of his sight for a second. A few more mins later... Angela smiled as she jumped off the wire, using her long claws, she grabbed on to the tiles of the roof, making a tight grip on it. She then managed to turn her head round to Lenny who was nearly across, but was struggling frantically. \"COME-ON LENNY YOU CAN DO IT! WOOOOOOO!\" Angela cheered Lenny, who was still on the wire however, was shivering like an ice berg had freezed him and was on all four's; crawling slowly over to Angela, his hands gripping the wire tight. He scooted a few more cm before getting off the wire and gripping the roof like Angela, he panted as he held on to the roof, trying not to look down. \"Lenny, that was spectacular!\" Angela cheered, as she started to climb the roof. Lenny only looked at her confused, as he started climbing up the roof like she did. \"What was spectacular?\" He asked, confused \"The way you got across that wire Lenny. It was so heroic, just like you, your such a hero.\" Angela replied, whilst climbing Lenny then stopped climbing for a second and blushed bright red. \"T-t-t-t-t-t-th-th-th-thanks.\" Lenny said softly, whilst stuttering Angela just looked down at him and smiled, before pulling herself to the top and over. Lenny then resumed his climbing and did the same when he got to the top. \"Y'know, you weren't so bad yourself.\" Lenny complemented, whilst looking into Angela's eyes. \"It wasn't me that was the hero, it was you because you teached me everything. Thanks.\" It was Angela's turn to blush, which she did, but it was only tiny. They both then walked up to the skylight, getting ready to jump in. \"You might wanna wrap your arms round me as we drop Angie, might be a bit scary for you.\" Lenny offered Angela was about to protest but, for some reason, she felt herself wrapping her arms round Lenny's neck. Lenny then looked down at her bow that was clipped on one side of her fur and fiddled with the velvet with one of his hands, whilst wrapping the other one round Angela's waist. He rested his head on her hers, whilst fiddling with her red bow. \"Oh and by the way, your bow is so cute, it suits you Angie.\" Lenny whispered, as he fiddled with the bow. Angela only blushed again but this time it was BIGGER and REDDER, Angela was that speechless, she couldn't say anything. Instead, she just snuggled her head deeper into his soft grey-brown fur. Lenny then stopped fiddling with her bow, came face to face with the drop down and gulped. Angela then knew what Lenny was going to say next so, she did it before he could say it which was, hold on tight. Lenny then took a deep breath, while Angela closed her eyes, ready to jump with her friend and, within 3 seconds they jumped, grabbing on to each other like 2 dogs when they have a tug of war. And, before they knew it, it was over as they landed on the blow up rubber landing that Stripe set for them just like 2 tennis balls. Lenny then looked round to see Angela walking over to him, he was surprised that she could stand up on that thing, Why couldn't he? He felt that dizzy and drained that he couldn't even move. However, he then pushed himself up in a sitting position, making himself able to sit up. Angela knelt beside him, checking him over. \"Lenny! Are you ok?\" Angela gasped worriedly \"I'm fine Angie well, just about.\" Lenny replied Angela smiled at him. \"Come-on let's get you off this thing.\" Angela said, whilst helping Lenny up on to his 2 legs to the edge. When they both got there they both jumped off the rubber and walked straight ahead of them. Lenny then beckoned Angela close to him, as they walked down that straight lane ahead of them. \"Stay close to me.\" Lenny whispered to her as they walked. Angela nodded, whilst gripping Lenny's hand. Meanwhile, Mohawk was sitting in one of them sinks that you would see at a hair-dressers. And, due to water not being aloud Mohawk's white streak was being washed by dry shampoo and for some reason spider silk (Mohawk insisted on it) anyway, the Gremlin that was washing Mohawk's streak spotted Lenny and Angela walking past and patted Mohawk on his shoulder. \"Hey Mohawk, the dweeb is here.\" the Gremlin whispered in Mohawk's ear Mohawk then leapt up from the washing basin. \"REALLY? WHERE!\" Mohawk yelled, his head turning in all directions in search for Lenny The Gremlin only pointed at Lenny in response, Mohawk soon spotted him and grinned evilly. \"One second sir.\" Mohawk said to his hair-washer and, not caring if he still had spider silk in his hair jumped off the chair and ran after Lenny. \"Lenny, are we there yet? I'm scared.\" Angela whimpered, as she clung to his arm tighter than super glue. \"Don't worry Angie we'll be there soon its just-\" \"Heya Dweeb.\" sneered a voice Lenny gritted his teeth, he knew that voice very well, he forced himself round to see Mohawk grinning sadistically at him and folding his arms like a spoiled gang leader. \"Nice to see you again Buck face. Heh heh heh.\" Mohawk sneered before going into a laughing fit \"Lenny, who is that?\" Angela questioned \"Yeah Lenny, who am I? Come-on, tell your girlfriend!\" Mohawk taunted, before laughing again Lenny only gritted his teeth and growled. Mohawk then peered round at Angela to get a good luck at her and when he finished, he whistled seductively. \"Hey, you! What's ya name?\" Mohawk yelled Angela froze. \"Me?\" she asked \"Yeah you, what's ya name?\" Mohawk repeated, whilst coming closer \"Angela.\" Angela replied \"Angela...\" Mohawk cooed, whilst coming closer to her Lenny, who then spotted this went round to guard her, his arm blocking Mohawk from getting to her, he wasn't going to let Mohawk get to her nope! No way! Lenny's eyes kept going from Mohawk to Angela every 10 seconds; he never took his eyes off one of them for a second. \"Hey Angela, wanna come with me and do some lovin?\" Mohawk said in a seductive tone \"Well...I...uh...\" Angela started, whilst shivering \"Mohawk! YOU LEAVE HER ALONE! I'M NOT LETTING YOU TOUCH HER!\" Lenny shrieked \"Oh yeah! And if I don't?\" Mohawk taunted Lenny just growled, his free hand balled into a fist, he was going to kill Mohawk if he had to. He wasn't taking Angela away from him, nobody was. Mohawk, who knew what Lenny was up to smirked and laughed. \"You really think you can beat me?\" Mohawk taunted, he clicked his fingers, 2 spiders came along, 1 on each shoulder. At this point, all Gremlins in there stopped what they were originally doing and turned their attention to the 2 Mogwai's getting ready to fight, all eyes were on them. Angela then felt tears coming from her eyes, she couldn't take Lenny doing that just to protect her, she had to stop it before it got out of control. Then, just when the 2 males were going to charge at each other, she got past Lenny, jumped into the middle, yanked both Lenny and Mohawk away from each other, and turned to Lenny. \"Lenny, please don't fight just for me, please don't fight, there's no reason to start a fight here.\" Angela cried, whilst looking up at Lenny with pleading eyes \"Yeah Len, there's no reason to start a fight here.\" Everyone then turned to the direction of the voice... it was Stripe, he had his arms folded and a devilish smirk was on his face. \"Alright everyone, show's over now, CLEAR OFF BEFORE I GET MY GUN OUT!\" Stripe yelled to the whole troop of Gremlins Within seconds all of the Gremlins cleared off to resume to their original activities. Mohawk however, was still there cackling wildly under his breath. Stripe then spotted him within seconds. \"YOU TOO MOHAWK! CLEAR OFF! Oh, and get that cheese string out your hair, it looks disgusting.\" Stripe yelled \"IT'S NOT A CHE-\" Mohawk started but before he could say more, Stripe gave him a death glare. \"NEVER MIND!\" Mohawk shouted back, before stomping off. Stripe then turned his attention to Lenny and Angela and knelt down to their level. He looked at Angela. \"Angela. Correct?\" Stripe questioned, whilst staring at the female Mogwai \"Yes.\" she replied nervously \"Good, it's nice that we can finally meet face to face.\" Stripe said, whilst grinning evilly at Angela. Angela then looked into the Gremlin's eyes for a few seconds and gulped. \" I have a feeling that this isn't going to turn out for the best.\" Angela thought as she looked into Stripe's cold, red blooded eyes. Done it! :D Sorry that I haven't been updating but, you know what life is like especially with school And I hope that this chapter is worth the wait ^^ Ok, the questions I want you to answer for this chapter are 1 - How will Lenny get out of his BIG dilemma that he's created? 2 - Will Lenny ever tell Angela how he feels? 3 - What do you think Stripe has planned? And finally... 4 - Do you think that Angela will agree with it? And please, please review ^^ What did you think? Please tell me as I'd love to know what you viewers were thinking as you read it and at the end of the chapter ^^ And until the next chapter... CIAO ^^[Chapter 10] Like all my previous chapters as I say, I don't own the Gremlins, they belong to Joe Dante All except for Angela of course, she's mine Hope you enjoy this chappie ^^ Stripe then stood back up, watched the Gremlins for a few seconds before looking back down at Angela and Lenny. \"Angela, follow me. I have to tell you about something.\" Stripe said, before doing the 'come-on sign' at her before walking ahead of both the Mogwai As Angela watched Stripe go, she began to feel like jelly again, she started shivering again. Images of her past were flying in her mind like cannonballs. Ever since the incident, if she saw a Gremlin, whether they were nice or naughty, she needed someone to face them with her; she turned to Lenny, still shivering like jelly. \"Lenny, I don't want to go with him,\" Angela then gulped after saying this \"Alone.\" Lenny nodded, he knew exactly why she didn't want to go with Stripe on her own, and it was because of that incident long ago, when they had first met. And he could understand why too, he had been through it too for a lot longer than she had, but for her it was more pain, heartbreaking and torture. So he knew he had to go with her no matter what. \"HEY STRIPE!\" Lenny yelled Stripe heard the yell and turned round. \"What?\" he called back, he then noticed that Angela hadn't moved. \"Hey, aren't ya coming?\" Stripe questioned to Angela \"Stripe, I know this might sound bizarre but, Angela has a phobia of us when we eat after midnight, and well, she's a bit weary of you so, may I come with her?\" Lenny asked, while looking at Stripe with a pleading expression Stripe raised his eyebrows in surprise, he hadn't expected that. \" Oh damn! That wasn't in the plan! Lenny's just going to have to take it ain't he, I didn't want to do this to him because of him being so fond of her but, I think I'm going to have to.\" Stripe thought \"Stripe? Hello?\" Stripe jumped at the sound, it was Lenny's voice that had pulled him out of his thoughts, he looked down at the Mogwai that was now right in front of him. \"Yeah, of course you can come.\" Stripe said \"Now come-on!\" he whined, as he walked off again Lenny turned back to Angela, giving her a thumb up and winked at her, which meant Stripe had said yes. Angela happily smiled and rushed towards Lenny to hug him tight. \"THANKYOU LENNY, YOUR THE BEST!\" Angela cheered, as she snuggled on to his fur Lenny was going to say something but, before he could Stripe interrupted them by stomping over to them and frowning. \"Are you done with all your hugging? Come-on, I don't have all day!\" Stripe shouted Impatient, he pulled Lenny out of Angela's arms just to get them both moving. Stripe headed for a corner of the loft, carrying Lenny by the scruff of the neck with 2 fingers, while Angela skipped on behind them, she didn't seem that bothered that Lenny wasn't right next to her, as long as he was with her, that's all that mattered. In Stripe's grasp however, Lenny was practically red in the face, Stripe had caught them hugging which was not expected, he had never been that embarrassed in all his life, he managed to turn his head so he could see Angela skipping cheerfully, she didn't seem bothered by it at all. Stripe then stopped when they were nearly there and looked down at Angela. \"Hey Angela, could you just go into that corner for a minute and wait?\" Stripe questioned, whilst pointing at the corner that was about 20cm away from them, he then turned to look up at Lenny, who was still held by his scruff. \"I have a bit of a short business that I need to sort out with Lenny.\" Stripe said, whilst giving Lenny an annoyed look \" What's Stripe playing at? Really, what's he up to?\" Lenny thought, whilst looking at Stripe with wide eyes Angela nodded, before skipping onwards to the corner, Stripe watched her until she was far enough from the 2 of them and when he thought it was clear, he turned to Lenny, smirking in delight at him, Lenny could tell that Stripe was going to say something bad that he would have to do to save Stripe's neck. Lenny gave Stripe and angry expression and folded his arms at him. \"Alright Stripe, what are you playing at?\" Lenny whined, angry in the eyes and face Stripe just kept smirking. \"Well Len, you're just going to have to do some lying for me, ok?\" Stripe whispered, his voice was all bouncy as he said it \"WHAT! WHY! I'm not doing it! I never lie to her, NEVER!\" Lenny shrieked, he then trying to wiggle out of Stripe's fingertips so that he would be put down but, once again Stripe was too powerful on his grip. Alarmed, Stripe then looked back at Angela to see if she heard Lenny shriek like that, she seemed to be in her own thoughts, he sighed before covering Lenny's mouth with his free hand. \"SHHHHHHH! You don't want my cover to be blown do you?\" Stripe whispered in Lenny's ear, whilst setting him down on his hand that he originally held him with and removing his hand from Lenny's mouth Lenny said nothing. Instead, he just turned his back to Stripe, making sure that he couldn't see his face and folded his arms. \"Oh Lenny, don't be like that! Please! I'm sorry, I didn't want to do that, but you insisted to come.\" Stripe exclaimed \"Yeah, because she's scared and frightened, I'm being a good friend to her, because that's what friends do.\" Lenny shouted, keeping his back turned \"ISN'T IT!\" Lenny shouted in Stripe's face, whilst quickly whipping his head at Stripe and then back to its original position. Stripe nearly jumped out of his skin and dropped Lenny, he hadn't expected him to shout like that, especially with his original shy nature that he had when they first met, that's what Stripe liked about Lenny a shy, cute little Mogwai on the outside, but brave inside and Stripe was going to make Lenny a cold-blooded Gremlin just like him, he was going to be the next Stripe and nothing was going to stop him from doing his goal, especially not his spy friend Angela. \"Lenny, PLEASE! Do it for me, I really need revenge on that dirty little Gizmo.\" Stripe cried Lenny just said nothing and stayed in that same position. \"Lenny PLEASE! It will only be just this once, please Lenny!\" Stripe begged Lenny slowly turned his head round towards Stripe; he was practically begging him now, anything to get what he wanted. \"Only once?\" Lenny questioned \"You promise?\" Stripe just nodded quickly. \"Lenny, I swear on my entire dead army in the past, only once.\" Stripe begged, his pleading eyes sparkling at Lenny Lenny sighed. \"Oh alright, I'll do it, but only once and once only.\" Lenny said firmly Stripe then ran a finger down Lenny's cheek and smiled at him. \"Lenny, sometimes I just LOVE you, but not in that way of course.\" Stripe cheered, as he pressed his finger at the bottom of Lenny's cheek. Lenny only smacked his hand away in response. \"I know what you mean.\" Lenny replied He then jumped off Stripe's hand and ran back to Angela, who was waiting for him in that dark, secluded corner. Stripe only sighed as he watched Lenny walk away. \" Phew... that was a close one...for a second I thought my plan was going to be all messed up .\" Stripe thought Stripe then wiped his nervous sweat off his brow and started walking. \"What are we planning here then?\" a voice shouted Stripe gritted his teeth at the sound. \" NOT AGAIN !\" Stripe thought, as he turned round with gritted teeth He turned to see Brain grinning at him, whilst folding his arms, Stripe could tell that he enjoyed pestering him like this, Brain's face showed it all. Stripe poked Brain hard in the belly, which made Brain clutch his belly. \"WILL YOU SHUT UP, YOU'LL RUIN EVERYTHING!\" Stripe half whispered half shouted Brain only smirked at him, while still clutching his belly. \"Humph, like I care.\" Brain replied quietly \"Well, you're going to have to; you'll ruin everything if you keep going on like this.\" Stripe whispered Brain still smirked. \"Okay, you go on with your plan then.\" Brain whined, saying it like he was bored Stripe raised an eyebrow at him, he could tell that Brain liked mocking him; he had a feeling that Brain was going to shout something while they were talking, or something to ruin the plan. Stripe then took off, heading for the corner. \" You know , I think Brain's too witty for his own good .\" Stripe thought, as he walked to the 2 Mogwai, who were waiting patiently for him. Brain watched as Stripe walked into that corner, he regretted bringing Stripe back, if he never told Greta to tell him that damn story, he wouldn't be here right now, he would have been well, he didn't know but, he wouldn't be in the dusty Peltzer loft that's for sure. But ever since Stripe was back, everything had screwed up for the Einstein Gremlin, that's why he was mocking Stripe so much, because he had been getting so close to what he always wanted until he came, revenge and power but, there was also something that Stripe had that he didn't right now and that was... \"HEYA BRAINY!\" Brain jumped at the sound that snapped him from his thoughts, he looked to his left and saw Greta right next to him all done up, makeup, hair, the lot. \"Hey Greta, how come you got yourself done up?\" Brain questioned, curious \"Well, I'm here to impress Stripe.\" Greta replied, she then blinked her eyes a few times and sighed lovingly, obviously love-struck again as she always was Brain nodded, before turning his head back to Stripe, who was still in the corner and, for some reason, he was on his knees, looking up at the girl Mogwai that was with him as if he was pleading something to her. \" My God, Stripe is so stupid. \" Brain thought, as he stared at the white-streaked Gremlin in the distance He couldn't see why Stripe was on his knees like that, Brain couldn't see through it. If it was him doing the plan he wouldn't beg, he would demand and threaten on first angle, maybe even charm the women into helping him and get them on his good side, he had heard that Stripe was cold-blooded. Cold-blooded? They were having him on, maybe Stripe just acts the part, it would sure be an embarrassment, Stripe being soft and all. \"What an idiot...\" Brain muttered out loud He quickly covered his mouth; did he just say it in front of Greta? Oh he was going to get a good beating now, he knew what Greta was like when people had annoyed or angered her, she would hit them, evidenced by her bonking him one when he pushed her down the garbage shoot before bringing Stripe back. Greta turned her head towards Brain but, instead of hitting him and screaming at him like she usually would, she was smiling whilst wrapping one of her fingers round one of her ringlets in her bright, highlighter green hair. \"I know,\" she said softly, she turned back to Stripe and sighed. \"Isn't he gorgeous?\" Greta was now blinking her eyes at Stripe again Brain just blinked his eyes at her for a second and stared at her, confused. Did she even hear what he said? \" She's mad in the head, I'm telling ya.\" Brain thought, as he smacked his forehead for the 1,000th time because of how annoying she was. He then looked down at her hands; he then noticed that she was holding a bouquet of red roses, they looked fresh and there were about 10, no 20, no more than that well, no matter how many there were it sure looked a lot. Greta must be desperate to win Stripe's heart; Brain could imagine Stripe being soft and EUGH! ROMANTIC! It wouldn't be a nice sight for any Gremlin here; it would sure be embarrassing for Stripe as well, walking round like a teddy bear. Well, it would just be embarrassing enough for Stripe if Greta was tugging his arm and wouldn't leave him alone. Wait! Wait! Wait! Embarrassment! That's what Brain needed to mock Stripe at the moment, nothing but embarrassment, Brain smirked in delight, this was going to be great! He had a plan forming and it was a good one too well, that's what he thought at least. He turned to Greta and just when he thought it was the right time, he snatched the roses from her. Greta turned towards Brain in anger and rushed to snatch the roses from him, but Brain was quicker, he held the roses up so she couldn't reach them and just when the time was right, he grabbed both of her arms and held them together, like he was getting police handcuffs on her, after this he lowered the roses to her level, but far away from her. He smirked at her devilishly; he loved this plan, Stripe would sure get embarrassed wouldn't he? \"Greta honey, you do know that's not the way to impress a man.\" Brain said smoothly Puzzled, Greta looked up at him, what could Brain know that could impress Stripe? Well this, she was going to find out. \"What do you mean?\" Greta asked, her eyes widening in eagerness \"I mean... that I know a way for you to get into Stripe's heart, it's easy really.\" Brain replied, his smirk getting bigger by the second \"What would that be then?\" Greta questioned \"By doing what you always do when you see a man, such as Forster and me.\" Brain replied \"Ok, But do you have a plan Brain?\" Greta squealed, she was getting excited, anything to impress Stripe \"Yes... now here's the plan.\" Brain said, whilst smirking triumphantly \"And that's why I want you to help us, please Angela, you're our last hope.\" Stripe explained, as he stared up at her Angela stared at Stripe as he stared up at her on his knees, begging her to help him; he looked so innocent with those big, round eyes staring up at her, he looked like he was going to burst into tears any second, his ears drooped so beautifully that pulled her in to his trance, his hands clasped together, like he was praying. Stripe looked so innocent, so cute, so harmless, what he had said to her struck her terribly in her head, his words pounded in her head and now, she was the only thing that was stopping him at freedom from this so called Gizmo, she felt so sorry for him, and so unsure, she couldn't decide. \"I...I don't know Stripe I...\" Angela shivered; she looked like she was going to cry. What was she going to do now? Lenny however, couldn't believe what he was seeing; Stripe had really done it this time, really done it, he stood there as he witnessed Stripe beg Angela to help him. By doing what you ask? Well, Stripe had told Angela a lie and it wasn't just a little white lie, it was a BIG lie, A VERY BIG LIE! You see, Stripe had only gone and told Angela that when he was a Mogwai, he had popped out of Gizmo's back and when he and his 4 other Mogwai had fully grown, Gizmo would start abusing him and the others. At first, by clawing him, tapeing him and many other ways to rip his fur out, he had also said that Gizmo was especially jealous of his white streak on his head and has tried to pull it out a few times but had never succeeded. But then, he had said that it had gotten worse, and this was the part that got Angela close to crying. He said to Angela that one night, when he and the 4 other Mogwai were asleep, he told them to get the dog and chain it up outside and if he didn't do it, he would have his tuft of hair ripped out and be told off by Billy for doing something he didn't even do. He says that Gizmo was a menace and only stayed as a Mogwai to look innocent; he also told Angela that he was forced to do bad things and would take punishments from Gizmo. And then the worst part of it came to view, he says that Gizmo forced him to beg Billy for food after midnight and to turn into Gremlins and even to terrorize the city, the house and multiply some more. And then he finished his BIG lie by saying that it was none other than Gizmo who got him killed by saying to Billy that Stripe had threatened to murder him and even tried to murder him, he said he knew this because Gizmo did a last death lie speech to him before he died. Lenny couldn't believe what he was doing, just letting his best friend being lied to like that but, who could blame him for not saying a word? He had given Stripe his promise and Stripe himself would probably kill him if he exposed the truth and Angela might have not wanted to be his friend anymore and as always, he couldn't lose her, not now, not ever, so he just stood there and witnessed everything like a child watching their parents fight, trying to keep his mouth shut. All was silent; all that was heard was the Gremlins in the background. Wait a second! Wait just one second! Stripe said that Lenny had to tell a lie himself, so far he hadn't said a word. So when does he come into this madness? Lenny just watched both Angela and Stripe as silence crept in for longer. All the suspense, he couldn't take it. \" Oh God...come-on Angela just say yes so we can get this over with. Please... I don't want to lie to you like this.\" Lenny thought to himself \"I...I...\" Angela cried \"I JUST DON'T KNOW!\" she screamed Stripe grabbed one of Angela's hands and pulled her closer to him. \"Please Angie...\" Stripe begged, with his fake prying eyes looking up at her Angela said nothing. \"It wasn't just my batch he abused; it was the 2nd batch of Mogwai's as well and unfortunately that was the batch Lenny was in.\" Stripe said firmly \"You mean...\" Angela screeched \"Yes.\" Stripe replied, He turned his head towards Lenny. \"He was abused by Gizmo himself.\" Angela was now trying to hold back the tears that she was shedding. Lenny, her own friend was still being abused even after that stupid incident. Well, he had been through enough as it was, if this was true then she'd have to go for it, she would do this for Lenny. \"Lenny, is this true?\" Angela cried, tears still streaming down like a manic waterfall Lenny almost jumped at her question, she was now more worried for him than ever and Lenny didn't like her feeling, he knew that he didn't deserve it because, it wasn't true, he didn't want to lie to her but he knew he had to, for Stripe's sake. He turned his head towards Stripe, who was looking deep into Lenny's eyes, that evil glint in Stripe's eye would push anyone to do anything for him; it scared him so much that he couldn't tell the truth, not with that evil look in Stripe's blood red eyes, no way Pedro! He turned back to Angela, who was still sobbing. \"Yes Angie, it's true.\" Lenny lied, his eyes sparkling like stars Lenny walked up to the 2 of them, casted his left arm out and showed Angela the cut at the bottom of his arm that he scraped when he was going down into the house. \"See this? Gizmo done that, he tried to rip my fur out but it ended up bleeding, really, really bad.\" Lenny said, as he stared closely at his mark Angela stared at the mark, speechless, it looked pretty bad and she thought she had been through enough trouble with that stupid incident. Well, Lenny had been through a lot more trouble than she had and this mark could tell it all. Her thoughts then turned to Gizmo; oh, if he tried to go at her she was going to give him what for. \" Who does this Gizmo think he is?\" Angela thought She looked up at Lenny, still sobbing, with her free hand; she took Lenny's scraped arm and kissed the mark on his arm before looking back up at him. Lenny jittered as he felt Angela's kiss trail up his arm; it was like her magic was making the arm better. Angela then turned back to Stripe. \"I'll do it!\" Angela shouted, before turning her head back to Lenny and letting his hand go Lenny couldn't believe what he was hearing, he could tell that she was going to do this just for him and it all was just on a pack of lies. Lenny just stared back at her in silence; Stripe had really pushed it this time. Wait! This was why Stripe had told him not to tell Angela that he was an evil Gremlin; he had this planned all along! And, he was involved because Stripe knew their friendship and he was going to use him against her. It was himself that made her do the mission. Stripe could feel his lip twist into a smirk but tried his best to contain it. Instead, he just gave Angela a small smile and stood up straight, hands on hips as he stood. \"Good choice Angela.\" Stripe whispered as his smile got bigger \"A very, good choice.\" Angela kept her eyes on the Gremlin in front of her. \"So, what's my mission?\" Angela asked Stripe grinned down at her. \"Well Angela, I'm glad you asked. Your mission is to spy on Gizmo and find out as much information as you can about him. But, we mostly need one thing.\" Stripe explained Angela widened her eyes. \"A SPY MISSION! GREAT! I haven't done one for 6 years! But, what's the thing you need?\" \"His weakness Angie, you need to give us his weakness no matter what.\" Stripe replied Angela nodded. \"How do you want me to do this?\" she asked \"Anyway will do, it's up to you, as long as I get that information I need.\" Stripe replied, as he folded his arms tight Angela nodded again. \"Right, I got it.\" \"It's good that you want to help us with our vengeance Angie, thanks.\" Stripe said, as he grinned at her \"Yeah, but you don't need to thank me Stripe.\" Angela replied \"Well then, you are both are free to go, you can do whatever you want for the rest of the night.\" Stripe said \"Thanks Stripe.\" Angela cheered, she then turned to Lenny. \"Come-on Lenny let's go.\" Stripe watched as the 2 Mogwai walked away and being as evil as he is he half yelled half whispered \"Psst...Psst Lenny.\" Lenny heard him and turned his head round slightly. \"What?\" he mouthed \"Good Job.\" Stripe mouthed back Lenny only scowled back at him. Good Job? Good job? Stripe made him tell a lie to his only friend and all that he can say is Good Job? That was no Good Job back there; it was a bad one, a really bad one. Lenny was about to mouth something back but Angela had dragged him forward, resulting in his head snapping back the way it was originally facing. Lenny now had a scowl on his face... that stupid Stripe... Angela spotted this and looked up at him. \"Lenny, are you alright? You look like you want to punch someone in the face.\" Angela questioned, worried for her friend Lenny turned his head to her, whilst still walking. \"Don't worry about me Angie really, I'm fine, you've done enough as it is, come-on, I'll get you a drink, what one would you like?\" Lenny said, trying to get her off the subject Angela laughed. \"Anything, as long as it ain't water.\" She joked Lenny only smiled at her, and she smiled back, they both then stared at each other for a few more seconds before resuming back to walking. Brain watched as Lenny and Angela walked off into the distance. Perfect! The coast was clear! Now the fun was really going to start! Brain rubbed his hands together in a malicious way whilst grinning; he then moved his arms with his hands still together to the right hand side and grinned at Greta, whilst moving his head forward. \"So Greta, you remember the plan, right?\" Brain questioned \"Of course Brainy.\" Greta replied, whilst climbing up on to a box \"But I still feel kinda nervous.\" \"Oh no, don't worry about that, he'll love it knowing Stripe.\" Brain said \"And when I click my fingers, you jump, ok?\" \"Ok Brainy.\" Greta replied Brain nodded to her before listening out for Stripe, he then heard something, kind of like footsteps. Brain knew who it was, he smiled happily, knowing that this would be a great laugh; he picked up the beautiful red roses that just lay on the floor, looked up at Greta and whispered... \"He's coming Greta! Quick! Get in your position!\" Brain watched as Stripe walked closer and closer into Greta's reach, this was going to be fun! Stripe was nearly in the middle now and, as he took his last step, he clicked his fingers to Greta, who then jumped off the box she was standing on. \"KISSY KISSY STRIPEY!\" Greta screamed as she flew on top of the unsuspecting Gremlin Stripe turned to the sound of the voice and screamed in terror, he tried to make a run for it but Greta was already on top of him. They both landed on the floor with a huge THUMP! Greta then pinned Stripe's arms down tight so he couldn't escape and headed straight for Stripe's lips and kissed him quick and sharp, she then swished her head round, her highlighter green hair all over the place. \"I love you so much Stripey.\" Greta screeched at the top her lungs Stripe just lay there, struggling to get out of her grips that she had on his arms, he couldn't move an inch, he then closed his eyes tight as Greta started kissing all over his face. \"GRETA, WILL YOU GET OFF ME YOU CRAZY WITCH!\" Stripe screamed as Greta trailed kisses down his body Brain just stood there, watching everything whilst clutching the roses in his hands tight, he grinned, trying to contain his laughter, for a few seconds, he was silent, as Stripe did another ear-piercing scream Brain finally burst out laughing, whilst falling back, dropping the roses and was practically rolling round on the floor laughing, he laughed that much that he started coughing. \" You know, me laughing like this is so uncivilised! But, for once, I DON'T CARE!\" Brain thought, whilst rolling round on the floor and kicking his legs like a frantic animal \"Ok then, let's get one on those lips again, shall we Stripey?\" Greta cooed, as she towered over him like a giantess Stripe then pulled his legs in like a ball and propped them up against Greta's belly now... if he could only get the kick right. Greta was now coming at him with her lips and, just before she could kiss him Stripe kicked her with both of his legs, which sent her flying across the room, he then took the opportunity to get away while he could. \"THAT HURT STRIPEY! COME BACK HERE!\" Greta yelled, before she started to take off after Stripe Stripe was now practically crawling for his life. He had to get away; he couldn't take all that again. He was surprised that none of that had woken the Peltzer's up. \"STAY AWAY FROM ME, YOU WITCH!\" Stripe yelled down to Greta, before crawling away quickly Greta now had tears welling in her eyes; she didn't want this to happen, all she wanted was to tell Stripe how much she loved him and now it was practically ruined. \"STRIPE! PLEASE COME BACK! IT WASN'T MY IDEA TO DO THIS!\" Greta shouted Stripe stopped crawling away and turned round to her with a scowl on his face. \"YES IT WAS, WHO ELSE WOULD OF THOUGHT OF AN IDEA LIKE THAT!\" Stripe screamed \"IT WAS BRAIN'S IDEA! I SWEAR! HE SAID HE KNEW HOW TO IMPRESS YOU AND HE SAID TO DO WHAT I ALWAYS DID WHEN I SEE A MAN!\" Greta screamed back Stripe saw the tears in Greta's eyes, looked round and spotted none other than Brain, who was still laughing his head off. Stripe growled in anger, he wanted a good laugh didn't he? Well, he was going to give him a good laugh right now. \"Excuse me Greta, but I have a little bit of unfinished business with Brain.\" Stripe said, whilst scowling wickedly He then did a brisk walk straight for Brain... just wait until he got his hands on that Gremlin! Stripe kept walking until he got to Brain, who was still laughing madly. Stripe stood over him, arms crossed and a scowl on his face, Brain was going to pay dearly, Stripe then kicked him hard in the back, which resulted in Brain to stop laughing and jump up quickly. \"May I help you?\" Brain questioned randomly like nothing had happened In a swift motion, Stripe picked up the roses and threw them down on Brain's head. Brain closed his eyes tight as he felt the soil run down from his head to face to jacket. \"You SCUMBAG! YOUR ENJOYING THIS AREN'T YOU!\" Stripe shouted, whilst pointing his finger at Brain Brain only swatted it away, that smile was still on his face. \"Maybe, Maybe not.\" Brain said randomly, whilst swishing his head side to side \"DON'T PLAY DUMB WITH ME BRAIN! JUST BE GREATFUL THAT I HAVEN'T KILLED YOU YET!\" Stripe screamed in his face, before whipping round and walking off Brain only scowled as he watched Stripe walk off after that little incident, Brain felt great but, in his opinion, Stripe hadn't had enough pain yet, and he was going to give it to him. Stripe was going to pay...pay... Lenny and Angela were now at the drink bar where Lenny poured 1 glass of Pepsi for each of them. He passed Angela hers. \"Here you are Angela, a nice glass of Pepsi.\" Lenny said, as he held Angela's Pepsi out to her Angela took the glass and sipped some. \"Thanks, I haven't had a drink like that since we split up.\" Angela cheered; she then held her drink up to Lenny \"Let's do cheers, for us getting back together shall we?\" Angela said, whilst holding out her glass of Pepsi Lenny only nodded and held his glass up, they both then smacked there glasses against the other's glass and smiled at one another. \"Cheers Lenny.\" Angela whispered \"Yeah, cheers Angie.\" Lenny replied, he then started drinking his Pepsi \"Hey Lenny, am I interrupting something?\" a voice asked Lenny stopped drinking and spun round to see George, another one of his friends, the one that was there for Lenny when Angela weren't there. \"GEORGE!\" Lenny cheered, whilst smiling brightly at his friend \"LENNY! Where did you go for an hour? I was looking all over for you.\" George questioned, whilst pouring himself a glass of Lemonade \"He was out looking for me.\" Angela answered, whilst walking round to stand next to Lenny George only widened his eyes. \"Lenny, who's this?\" George asked, as he kept his eyes on Angela \"George, this is Angela, she's a friend of mine.\" Lenny replied, whilst introducing Angela \"Pleasure to meet you Angela.\" George said, as he shook Angela's hand Angela shook George's hand and smiled up at him. \"Pleasure to meet you to George; have you been looking after Lenny for me?\" Angela asked, before letting go of George's hand Lenny blushed red again and spat out his Pepsi, the last bit of her sentence was unexpected. \"Oh, I've been looking after him alright.\" George replied George then drank the last bit of Lemonade in his glass before turning back to Lenny. \"Haven't I Lenny?\" George teased, before whacking Lenny playfully on his back Lenny was now red as a Tomato; he then slowly turned his head to George. \"Lay off George, I can look after myself.\" Lenny replied \"If you say so.\" George whined, he then turned back to Angela. \"Did you have any trouble since you got here?\" he questioned, before folding his arms \"Um, yeah, actually we did, Lenny nearly got into a fight with a black and white Mogwai.\" Angela replied George raised his eyebrows. \"Really?\" He questioned, he then turned to Lenny \"Mind if you could tell me the story Lenny?\" \"George, I really don't want to talk about it.\" Lenny replied \"I understand Len.\" George said, he then turned back to Angela. \"That was Mohawk that you and Lenny bumped into and trust me, he's bad news just keep out of his way but, if you stick with us you'll be fine.\" George explained Angela nodded, taking this in. \"I guess anyone could tell that he was bad news.\" Angela said, before drinking the rest of her Pepsi and putting her glass to the side Lenny then let out a huge yawn before letting his arms drop forwards. \"I'm tired guys, I don't know about you 2 but I'm going to bed, I need a rest, Stripe has had me going up and down like a jack-in-a-box.\" Lenny groaned, before once again letting out another big yawn \"In fact, I'll come with you Lenny, I need a rest to, besides, you woke me up in the middle of the night.\" Angela said George only sighed. \"I guess I'll go to bed to even though I'm not tired, I don't want to be out with them pack of wolves.\" George said, whilst motioning to the Gremlins in front of them George and Lenny then put there glasses to the side and took off to the darkest side of the loft, Angela followed close behind, they needed to find something soft and comfy for the night if they were ever going to get to sleep up in a hard-floored loft. The 3 Mogwai then found a dusty, old blanket and some dirty pillows, they were old dusty and grubby, but it was better than nothing, right? After folding the blanket in half, the 3 Mogwai then crawled inside the blankets and put there pillows at the top of it, it was like an underground den, but all white, Angela was in the middle with the 2 Males either side of her. \"Why are we right under the blankets?\" Angela asked \"Because, you need them to stop the sunlight from hitting us.\" George replied \"Now good night Angela, good night Len.\" George said, before turning on his side so he wouldn't face them \"Good night George.\" Lenny and Angela said at the same time Lenny then turned his attention at Angela; he smiled at her for a few seconds before yawning again. \"Good night Angie.\" Lenny whispered, before going into a deep slumber Angela then crawled over to Lenny and stroked his head; she then lowered her head down to where his mouth was, she then stopped stroking him and smiled at Lenny, he was now sleeping peacefully like a kitten curled up against its mother. She then leaned down and kissed Lenny on his forehead. \"Good night Lenny.\" Angela whispered, before lying down in her own place She then lay back and looked up at the white blanket above her and thought about her mission. Was it going to be hard? Will she be able to do it? Many questions like that ran through her head like lightning, she didn't know the answers to any of them but, one thing she did know that she was going to complete it, for Lenny. Angela then quickly took out her bow clip, put it under her pillow, yawned loudly and lay back as sleep overcome her. That was 1 long chappie Hope it wasn't too long for you Here are the questions now... 1 = Will Angela ever find out that it's all really a pack of lies? 2 = Do you think Brain will succeed in his revenge against Stripe? What do you think he's plotting? 3 = How do you think Angela's mission will go in the next chappie? Hope your enjoying the story if not, why? Oh and please, please review Until the next chappie See ya! ^^[Chapter 11] Ok, I'm back with the all new spy mission! :D I bet you guys are going to hit me now because of being so long *gets hit on the head with a frying pan and loads of other equipment* Hope you guys enjoy this! ^^ Gizmo, Stripe, Brain, Lenny, George, Mohawk, Greta, Daffy and the whole Gremlins series belongs to Joe Dante himself ^^ Angela is owned by me ^^ Each Spy chapter will be split into 3 parts in a day so it ain't so long for you Let's-a go with Angela's BIG mission! :D She flutters her big, sleepy Mogwai eyes as she rises up from her white and dusty sleep shelter that she, George and Lenny had made and slept in the night before. Angela smiled to herself sheepishly before sitting up, rubbing her eyes to get the sleep out of them and brushing the dainty loft dust off her hands, she looked both ways to see if George and Lenny were still in bed, but there were no sign of them, she figured that they were both already up, Angela yawned for a moment before putting in her signature red bow clip and made her way out of her comfortable shelter. Angela walked slow and steady today, walking past many Gremlins who were basically just having the time of their lives and getting into their usual mischief tactics, she gulped and shivered a little as she did, memories swirling their way back inside her head, memories of her and Lenny and what they went through together. She looked round for a moment, trying to find the 2 other Mogwai, she then spotted Lenny ahead of her, waving at her. \"Hey Angie, come over here!\" Lenny called, whilst leaning out and waving at her in the process Angela smiled and dashed down to Lenny and George, who were sitting on a couple of random boxes, with George's box being higher than Lenny's and were both drinking some fruit juices out of a couple of pop bottles. \"Good morning guys, how long have you been up for?\" Angela asked, her face brimming with excitement Lenny drunk some more pop before saying, \"Not long, only a few hours though however, it might have been less if Stripe hadn't of woke us up with his screaming.\" Angela's eyes widened. \"Stripe woke you up? How come?\" \"Well, he didn't come over and wake us up, he just started screaming, I think it was because of the sunlight pouring in through the window, it's a good job we had our cover on us last night otherwise I think we would of been toast.\" Lenny replied, whilst jittering slightly \"I hate sunlight.\" Angela nodded. \"We all do Lenny, I think he woke me up too but all I heard was shuffling and things banging on the windows.\" Lenny smirked. \"I think the shuffling was us Angie.\" George shuffled back on his box and turned to Angela. \"Speaking of Stripe, I think he's looking for you.\" \"Really? Where is he?\" Angela questioned \"I think he's at the back of the loft somewhere, I think he wants to meet you at the trap door which opens into the house.\" George replied Lenny gulped, feeling uneasy, the deal last night with Angela and Stripe coming back to him, it all happened last night, the lies, the mission, the tears, the BIG mistake that he made by just standing there and letting it all happen, Lenny sighed to himself, whilst clutching his bottle tightly, he knew today was the day where Angela was to start her mission and where there friendship was on the line of breaking. \" UH! Why did I just have to lie like that to you Angie? Why? Why couldn't I stop myself from taking that risk? I feel nothing but guilt in me Angie but you ain't going to know that are you? You're my best friend in fact no... You're m- \"You ok Lenny?\" Lenny turned to George, who was staring down at him worriedly. \"Yeah. I'm fine.\" Lenny replied, whilst staring back at his worried friends George hesitated, but nodded in approval. \"You finished with that drink Lenny?\" he asked, whilst holding down his hand for the bottle Lenny looked at his bottle, nodded and passed it to his friend, who jumped off his box and turned to the two of them. \"I'll just go and ask some Gremlins if they want to use these as throwing tools, I'll be back in a moment.\" George said, before walking off to find some Gremlins Lenny watched as his friend walked away, he sighed, now there was just him and Angela. Alone. \"Are you sure you're alright Lenny?\" Angela asked, whilst staring at him with wide, worried eyes \"Ever since I did that deal with Stripe your acting all... shifty.\" \"Shifty? Me? Angie, I'm fine, I'm just worried about you, that's all.\" Lenny replied, whilst keeping wide eyes on her \"Lenny, I'm fine, I can look after myself you know that.\" \"I know. But you know what Gizmo's like, what if he tries to hurt you?\" Angela paused for a moment, whilst staring into Lenny's maroon eyes; she saw how gentle they were and sighed. \"Lenny, if he tries to have a go at me, you know what happens.\" Lenny stood up and walked over to her. \"Angie, just stay safe ok?\" Angela sighed and rubbed her eyes, tears were starting to show. \"You know Lenny, I don't think I would have been a spy if it weren't for you and if I hadn't of met you, I still would have been in that horrible...\" Lenny cut her off. \"Shhhhh... Angie, forget that, it's all over now, don't even think about what it would have been like without me, just don't, all that matters is that we both made it.\" Angela nodded, whilst rubbing her tears off her face and Lenny only held both of her hands in his in response. \"Good luck Angie.\" Lenny whispered to her, whilst staring in her brown, majestic eyes \"Thanks.\" Angela replied \"Oh, and before you go, I have something important to tell you.\" Lenny said, whilst keeping his eyes on her \"What is it Lenny?\" \"Angie... I... well... that is... um... well... I think...I...I...\" Angela widened her eyes, ready for the answer. \"ANGELA! GET YOURSELF OVER HERE!\" a voice called The 2 Mogwai pulled out of there trance to see Stripe down at the trap door waiting for Angela, whilst tapping his foot impatiently. Angela turned back to Lenny. \"I gotta go, Stripe is waiting for me.\" Lenny nodded. \"Ok then, don't want to keep him waiting.\" \"Well, I'll see ya Lenny; I don't know when I'll be back though.\" Angela said, before quickly hugging her long-time friend and letting go \"Yeah, I'll see you Angie and good luck.\" Lenny said triumphantly, whilst smiling Angela only smiled and nodded before walking off to Stripe, Lenny only sighed in agony as he watched his friend go. Angela pushed past many Gremlins until she got to Stripe, who was waiting at the trap door of the loft for her. \"Sorry I was late Stripe, I had a lie-in and I needed to chat to Lenny and I completely lost track of time.\" Angela said, as she walked up to Stripe and was finally stopping \"God... about time you got here.\" Stripe whined, whilst folding his arms impatiently \"I was beginning to debate about if you were going to show up or not.\" He whined, whilst glaring down at her with those terrifying eyes of his \"I'm sorry Stripe, it won't happen again, I promise.\" Angela cried, trying not to make the Gremlin angry \"Humph. If you say so.\" Stripe replied, whilst turning away slightly Angela sighed and looked up at the Gremlin defiantly, her nose and chin held high in confidence as she did. \"So Stripe, what is it that you brought me down here for?\" she asked, whilst mimicking his first action Stripe turned to her, slightly annoyed. \"To start your mission, what else? Oh, and another thing when you get back, make sure you come back sometime between 8 and 9 at night and the first thing you do is report to me with some information, do you understand?\" Stripe whined, his tone getting sterner at the last part \"Yes Stripe.\" Angela droned, whilst forcing her arms forward \"But, I'll let you off, just for tonight.\" Stripe told her Angela nodded at him, telling him that she understood. \"Well, I think you're ready to go then.\" Stripe said, as he bent down to where the padlock was \"How are you going to open that thing? Its bolted shut!\" Angela pointed out \"I'll find some way to open it!\" Stripe growled, whilst failing an attempt to get the padlock open Angela only sighed and pushed him back. \"I'll do it!\" she whined, whilst showing off her long claws She slotted one of them in the keyhole and, using it as a key; she twisted it round until it finally snapped open, Angela smiled, proud of her work while Stripe just sat there in awe. Angela's claws slotted themselves back in their sockets and were now just normal claws, it was like nothing happened to them; Stripe turned to her in shock. \"H-How did you...\" he questioned Angela cut him off. \"Let's just say I done something on accident.\" Stripe nodded; still surprised. \"Well Angie, you'd better get going.\" He said, whilst still in shock Angela smirked. \"Yep. I'll see ya Stripe.\" \"Good luck Angie.\" Stripe said, whilst smirking at her Angela only nodded before jumping down and down into the Peltzer house. As she went Stripe stood up and went closer to the trap door and looked down, Angela had already gone, probably to hide somewhere in his account. Stripe smiled, after all these years, he was finally getting revenge on his long lost enemy and this time it seemed that no-one was going to stop him, he smirked to himself, glad that he was finally getting revenge. He looked up at the ceiling and let out a tyrant, terrifying evil laugh that spreaded throughout the loft and echoed off many walls, he had never felt so good in his life, until now. He lifted his head down and smiled. \"Gizmo... I'm back, and this time... no-one's going to stop me so keep on your toes, stay alert and watch your back! Cause Stripe strikes back baby MWAHAHAHA!\" Stripe cheered, before turning round, shutting the loft and walking away. Brain sighed in relief as he emptied his pockets out; he hadn't lost them after all! In his claws he held the ingredients that he used to make the healing potion that brought Stripe, Mohawk and the others back. \"Yes...yes...I still have enough to make another healing potion and this time, it will not go to waste now, if I could just find a- \"GRRRRRRRR!\" Brain spun round to see Greta staring at him with angry green-yellow eyes flashing like a bolt of lightning at him, her big lips twisted into a snarling expression and her hair was more limp and in her face, along with her make-up being smudged like melted ice-cream. Brain tensed up when he saw her, his eyes flashing in alarm and shoulders touching his gremlin ears. \"GRETA!\" he shouted in surprise, whilst slowly lowering his shoulders down \"You scared me.\" he assessed her over, seeing how different she looked compared to last night \"What happened to you?\" he asked, sounding like he was bored \"WHAT DO YOU THINK HAPPENED? MY STRIPEY WIPEY HATES ME NOW THANKS TO YOU! WHAT WERE YOU PLAYING AT LAST NIGHT BRAIN, REALLY? WHAT WAS IT?\" Greta screamed, whilst making some fists with her hands Brain blinked his eyes at her for a moment, before remembering the ambush he made on Stripe. \"Oh that.\" he whined, whilst folding his arms and smirking \"Was so funny, you should have seen Stripe's face. Priceless. Even though it's not street crime I believe we can watch Stripe crawl away like a wimp for free and believe me, it's worth it.\" Greta tensed her shoulders up. \"IT WAS HORRIBLE! YOU HAVE NO RESPECT DO YOU!\" Greta paused for a moment, letting her tears flow \"HE CALLED ME A WITCH!\" At the sound of that, Brain made a funny coughing noise and covered his mouth, trying to contain his escaping laughter. \"IT'S NOT FUNNY!\" Greta screamed, before brushing some of her hair back out of her face \"Ok, I know that I took my anger out too far and well... upset you so... I'm sorry.\" Brain said softly Greta blew her nose before lifting her head up. \"You mean it?\" \"Of course I do, I hate to say this but, it will be un-gentleman like of me to not say sorry to you my dear.\" Greta blushed, whilst turning her head away slightly. \"You're such a gentleman Brain, thanks.\" Brain only nodded at her and grinned. He stared at Greta, who looked like she was deep in thought; the Einstein Gremlin only stared at her in a curious way. \" She's probably thinking about Stripe, as always and before you know it she'll be off, on to the next one like the player she is.\" Brain thought, as he stared hard at Greta \"Brainy?\" Brain looked into her eyes, which signalled that love look that she always had in them, even for him. \"Yes Greta?\" he asked, waiting for her to say something \"Be serious this time, how should I get into Stripe's heart?\" Brain frowned; he wasn't really up for one of these conversations. \"How the heck should I know? Greta, if you really loved him you'd figure it out yourself.\" Greta suddenly turned angry. \"And what's that supposed to mean?\" She growled, getting impatient Brain smirked. \"How should you know anyway? You're not civilised like me are you Greta?\" he teased, showing off that devilish smirk of his Greta gritted her teeth in anger. \"Is that meant to be an insult?\" Brain kept his smirk on. \"Like I said, how should you know? You don't have superior intellect like me do you? You're so dumb; you didn't even know that it was all a trick I set up last night.\" Greta growled at the Einstein Gremlin, raising her fist to hit him, but Brain only grabbed her arm. \"Aah. Aah. Aah. You don't really want to do that now do you Greta? That's so not ladylike, what will Stripe say?\" Brain teased, as he looked into her angry eyes Greta growled, breaking her arm free of Brain's grip and walking off but not before turning round and yelling: \"Brain, you can be so immature sometimes.\" And with that, she went Brain only stared at Greta as she went suddenly feeling annoyed; he turned to the viewer looking at the computer screen with an annoyed expression. \"Don't you just hate it when people just come and interrupt something important that you were doing? And to me it's uncivilised, don't you think so? I thought she'd never leave... the witch!\" He turned back to his potions, not realising that he had broken the 4th wall, he looked at the ingredients, checking that he had everything he needed, he then went to another one of his blazer pockets, fumbling round in it with his hand. \"Come-on...come-on where is it?\" Brain muttered, as he fumbled round his pocket \"Don't tell me I've... AHA! Found it!\" Brain grinned as he pulled something out from his pocket; it looked like a thermometer but had a spiky tip on the end, which looked sharp and strong, it had some blue liquid inside the tube that went about halfway to the top, it had a miniaturised pump at the top and finally, stuck to the tube was a sticker which had a picture of a sun with a no entry sign over it. \"My Genetic Sun block! I thought I'd lost it in that building!\" Brain said as he looked over his sun block, he then held it close to his chest. \"Or worse, in this loft...\" Brain looked around, making sure that no-one was watching. \"I can't let anybody get their hands on this, especially Stripe, then he can use it against me, which is something I am far from wanting.\" Brain took his jacket off and threw it to the floor and turned to one of his arms. Using his Gremlin claw, he made a hole in his shirt and put the sun block in his arm, pushing the liquid into his body. He giggled to himself as the liquid transferred to inside his body. \"With this Sun block, I'll be invincible and even better, stronger than ever all I have to do is get this potion done and then when my revenge is complete they'll be no more little Gizmo and even better, NO. MORE. STRIPE!\" Brain did a little chuckle to himself before gently pulling out the sun block and resuming to his work. Little did he know; that 2 evil eyes watched him the whole time. Gizmo smiled as he relaxed on the comfortable yet stylish living room couch of the Peltzer's, life could not get any better for the cute little Mogwai; he leaned over and grabbed a sausage from his plate and hungrily munched on it. He smiled as an episode of 'Rainbow' showed on the 42 inch TV in front of him; Gizmo had never felt so happy in his life. Finally, he was in a place where he was safe and loved, that was all he wanted, love and peace around him but each time he tried to gain it, he had got wet and the unmistakeable happened. Gremlins. Each time it had happened it had caused nothing but grief to Gizmo and those around him, he was now in the care of Billy Peltzer and his fiancée Kate Beringer, they knew about Gizmo and what could happen when he got wet, his last owner was Mr. Wing but Gizmo had lost him, he lost everything he had and Billy and Kate was all he had left so, he didn't want to lose them in any way possible, even though he knew that one day they would die, it gave Gizmo the shivers just thinking about it and as soon as they had him, Gizmo had a mental thought in his head that they might give him up to some random pet store or something, but he soon knew that they wouldn't, not ever. Besides, last night's outing was spectacular, he, Billy, Kate and the Futterman's had gone to Pizza Hut to celebrate the death of the Gremlins in the clamp centre building the day before, Gizmo smiled at the memory, he instinctively remembered a string of cheese coming out of his nose, which made everybody blast out with chunks of happiness, he remembered the laughs, that was all he wanted in life, to be happy, Why was it so hard to give him his one little wish? His thoughts then recapped, back to the Gremlins in that building that he faced yesterday, it was a terrific yet terrifying experience for Gizmo, facing all those Gremlins for a 2nd time, he remembered all the torture that Mohawk put him through, from shutting him in the vent to putting him on the train track in the toy shop, Gizmo remembered it all but the thing he remembered the most however, was killing him as a dice of revenge, using a fire arrow that he made all by himself, he could remember Mohawk saying those words that always cursed him. \"Gizmo, KAKA!\" before firing away his arrow, he also remembered Mohawk's screams, howls and squeals of pain as he died, in Gizmo's hands. Gizmo shivered at the thought, Mohawk was gone now, for good, so he needn't worry about him coming back besides, there was nothing that could bring him back anyway. Gizmo sighed, relived that Mohawk wouldn't be back to get him, he then recapped even more, back to when he first met Billy and when the first Gremlin invasion ensued, this invasion however was even worse as the Gremlins had taken over the whole town in their grasp, with all humans hiding away and causing nothing but trouble, the army was lead by Gizmo's worst enemy, his worst foe, the Gremlin that had caused him so much pain that he couldn't describe it, the Gremlin that he had killed at his last stand by sunlight. Stripe. He remembered Stripe dying so defenceless and so violently and the look in his eyes Stripe was giving him as he died, it was like he was saying: \"I'll be back, just you wait but someday, somehow, I'll kill you Gizmo!\" he definitely remembered Stripe's death by a long shot, the way he died, it was so traumatic for Gizmo watching it, the sunlight had burned Stripe to a crisp, all that was left that day was his skeleton, for which it fell haphazardly into the cold water below at the time, Gizmo thought it was the last they would see of Stripe. Until his skeleton jumped out of the water, Gizmo could remember the way his heart rapidly went as it happened; it was like Stripe was trying to use the last bit of his life to kill Gizmo so he would go down with him. That however was not the case, Stripe's skeleton had thumped to the floor, melting into nothing and drained out Stripe's last bit of life, nobody knew what happened to Stripe's body, but Gizmo knew that he wasn't coming back because he was dead. However, Stripe had left a mark on Gizmo, because just after the incident with the Gremlins, Gizmo had been having nightmares, and it was not just any nightmare he would have, these ones were worse and more real than the normal nightmares he'd have, he'd dream of Stripe's ghost, haunting him in the night, cursing him and giving him nothing but torture, he even dreamed once that Stripe was back and in the flesh and actually killed him the same way that Gizmo had killed him at his last stand, that in fact was his worst nightmare out of all of them he had. He would continually have many of them and would usually wake up screaming and crying, ending in Mr. Wing trying to karm him down afterwards. Ever since Mohawk died, he never had any nightmares; it was like the bad dreams had washed away now that Gizmo knew that he was safe and... Happy. \"Gizmo, Could you take my clothes up to the bedroom!\" Billy's voice called from the next room \"Ok Billy!\" Gizmo replied sweetly, before hopping off the living room couch Gizmo sprinted to the stairs where Billy's new clothes were waiting there ready to be taken up the stairs. Taking the neatly folded clothes in his arms, Gizmo advanced to the stairs, he climbed them slowly and steadily, trying not to fall forwards or backwards. When he got to the top, he went to Billy and Kate's room, where he threw the clothes on to the bed. He then spotted a large mirror next to the bed; Gizmo stepped over to the mirror and looked at the reflection of himself in the mirror, he smiled before doing a silly pose in the mirror, he continued doing different poses until Gizmo finally ended up laughing at himself, usually mirrors would scare Gizmo and reflect the light out but, this one didn't as the curtains were closed. As Gizmo laughed at himself in the mirror, he couldn't help but notice that another Mogwai face was peeping out at him, Gizmo suddenly frowned and turned round swiftly, but the face was gone. Gizmo sighed. \" I...I must be seeing things.\" Gizmo thought, as he turned back to the mirror Gizmo looked at himself inside the mirror again, sighing to himself and threw his arms forward in a lazy pose, but as he was doing that pose, he noticed it again, the face he saw before, Gizmo rubbed his eyes in surprise, but when he finished rubbing his eyes the face in the background was gone. \" You know, since yesterday I think I've gone barmy! It's making me see things.\" Gizmo thought, as he turned round Gizmo crept forward to the edge of the bed, trying to see if there was anything there but there wasn't anything in sight, he sighed in relief and went back to the mirror and stuck his tongue out at it before starting to walk backwards out the room, smiling all the way. However as Gizmo was going backwards, he felt someone come to contact with his back. Gizmo gulped in fear, it couldn't be Billy or Kate because they were too big for that besides, this contact against him, it felt like it was someone that was exactly the same size as him. Gizmo slowly turned round, preparing for the worst and as soon as he did, he instantly screamed, the mystery face did the same so, there they both were, screaming in each other's faces. After 5 seconds, Gizmo suddenly stopped screaming and took a look at the mystery figure. It was a Mogwai, just like him but it looked like a Female judging by the velvet red bow clipped by one of its ears, there fur was exactly like his but replaced by the milky brown was a everlasting cream and just like him, they had brown eyes but theirs were slightly lighter than his. The other Mogwai had stopped screaming too now they were both just staring at each other, not taking their eyes off one another, and Gizmo could not help himself but feel... drawn to this Mogwai, like there was a big mystery behind her existence, he didn't even know what to say to her, he then saw that the other Mogwai was lifting her hand up. \"H-hi there.\" The other Mogwai said cheerily, whilst shivering slightly Gizmo widened his eyes at her, trying to figure out what to say, many thoughts and questions were floating in his head, there were that many, he didn't know where to start. \" Who is she? I don't even remember getting wet at all since I got here... unless I sleep walked last night which I wouldn't... would I? And when I got wet in that building... I spawned 4 Mogwai not 5... I did didn't I? But if she isn't one of mine, then how did she get in here?\" \"HELLOOOOOO HELLOOOOOO\" Gizmo snapped out of his thoughts to see the Female Mogwai waving her hands in front of him, when she saw that he had snapped out of it, she folded her arms impatiently and sighed. \"Are you deaf or something?\" she asked, as she stared at Gizmo with an annoyed look on her face \"No, I just – \"I'm Angela, nice to meet you.\" she said, as she extended her arm out for Gizmo to shake Gizmo shook it gently and smiled at her. \"I'm Gizmo.\" He said shyly \"Nice to meet you... Gizmo.\" Angela replied Gizmo widened his eyes at her again... the way she said his name, it was so cold and bitter... it was like she had heard it somewhere before, and the way she stared at him, it was like he'd done something to her, this was just getting creepier and creepier. \"Angela, I just need to ask you one question that's been kinda bugging me ever since I saw you.\" Gizmo shivered, freaked \"Yeah? What is it?\" \"Um, how did you get in here?\" Angela smiled. \"Well, I was just passing by the street and well I spotted this house, I thought that it would be a good place to go to during the day for a bit, I've just came to Earth and I've always wanted to know what it was like inside a house, I've always been wondering, this house looked good so I picked this one.\" Gizmo nodded, but he was still a bit edgy. \"Ok, that's fine with me; will you be staying on Earth long?\" Angela thought for a moment. \"Depends really.\" She replied Gizmo then walked to the door and beckoned her to come. \"Come-on, I'll show you downstairs.\" Angela shifted a little. \"Uh... I don't know, what if somebody sees me? What will you say?\" \"Don't worry, I'll think of something, but come on, Billy and Kate are really nice.\" Gizmo then extended his hand out to her to take, Angela looked up at him, unsure of what to do, she had heard about Gizmo and what he could do to other Mogwai's, Stripe had told her all about it, but, he didn't seem like that, actually, she thought that Gizmo was more cute than anything. But she couldn't let that put her off her mission, in her time as a spy, Angela had met some evil people that had acted all nicey - nicey with her at first and then had turned back to their normal evil selves when she had come to spy on them, most of the time she could tell but Gizmo, he was making it harder than she thought, she looked into his eyes, they were full of nothing but innocence and happiness, it was like he hadn't done anything like that in his life and he looked so cute too. His innocence that he had in his eyes... it was brilliance for Angela, for she felt somewhat attracted to Gizmo. \"Angela, are you ok?\" Angela snapped out of her long stare and looked down at the floor, feeling embarrassed about what she just thought. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" She replied, taking his hand in hers Gizmo hesitated at first, but nodded as he took her down the steps, helping her down each one as they went. When they had gotten to the bottom, Gizmo turned to her. \"So, where do you want to go first Angela, Kitchen or Living Room?\" Gizmo asked, as he looked into her eyes Angela fell for his trap, feeling hypnotised by his innocent eyes. \"I'll go- \"AHHHHHH BILLY COME QUICK!\" Gizmo and Angela jumped in surprise as they heard Kate scream, they looked up at Kate, she looked frightened to death, it was like someone had scared her out of bed. Billy then came dashing into the room; worry and surprise were on his face as he comforted his fiancée. \"What's going on Kate, you look like you've seen a ghost.\" Billy exclaimed, as he tried to karm his fiancée down \"Billy, I think Gizmo got wet again.\" \"What?\" Kate pointed down at the 2 Mogwai, who were just on the bottom step, holding hands. Billy then spotted them both, widening his eyes in the process; he turned to Gizmo, who gulped sacredly at him. \"Gizmo, you didn't – \"Nope. Billy, Kate, this is Angela, she's just hit Earth and needs someplace to go during the day.\" Gizmo explained, as he gestured to Angela, who was standing next to him \"So can she stay?\" Billy suddenly frowned. \"Uh... I don't know Gizmo... we've only just got you into the house and... I don't know if we'll able to cope with 2 of you.\" \"Please Billy...\" Gizmo pleaded as he got to his knees and done the puppy eyes \"I still don't know Gizmo...\" Billy replied, he turned to Kate. \"What do you think honey?\" Kate shrugged. \"I think we'll be able to cope Billy besides, this one seems friendly enough.\" \"Please sir, I won't cause any harm.\" Angela begged, also doing the puppy eyes Billy smiled. \"Oh, alright then if you agree Kate then yes, she can stay Gizmo.\" Gizmo dashed to his friend and hugged him. \"Thanks Billy.\" \"It's ok Giz.\" Billy replied, before letting go of Gizmo, he looked down at the 2 of them \"If you need us, me and Kate will be upstairs.\" Gizmo nodded. \"Ok Billy.\" Billy only smiled back. \"Be careful both of you and stay away from the water taps.\" He said, before walking upstairs with Kate The 2 Mogwai only watched as the young couple ventured upstairs and as soon as they heard the door close, Gizmo only turned back to Angela with a big grin. \"See, I told you they were nice, hey, wanna watch Rainbow with me?\" Angela nodded. \"Sure, why not.\" The figure smirked, satisfied that they had caught Brain in the act. \"Just wait till I tell Stripe about this, he'll be so mad.\" The figure walked a few steps before hesitating. \"No. I won't tell Stripe. Yet. I'll tell him when it's the right time to. For now, I'll just pretend I never saw anything.\" The figure walked off into the darkness, proud of what they found out. Ok, FINISH! That was a chapter you had all been waiting for and I'm so, so sorry that it had taken so long to get here, can you guys forgive me? Well, I hope that this chapter makes up for it. Here are the Questions... 1 = who do you think the Mysterious Figure is? 2 = Will Gizmo ever find out about Angela's dark truth? 3 = Will Greta ever get Stripe's love? 4 = Will Brain succeed at his plan? 5 = Will Stripe get the information he needs to defeat Gizmo? 6 = What was your favourite scene in the whole story? And 7 = What will happen next? And just to let you know, to everyone that is reading this story, there is a poll on my profile that you can all vote on ^^ I hope that you enjoyed this chapter, if not why? Constructive criticism is welcome but NO FLAMES! See ya next time! :D[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 is up! Angela's second day of spying for the notorious Gremlins we all know and love! Change of plan though, I'm just going straight into the next days so... 1 Chapter = 1 Day. All Gremlins are owned by Joe Dante. Angela is owned by me. Hope you all like this chapter cause trust me, many things will happen! Enjoy! :D The sun smiled to itself as it poured out its warm magnificent rays of light, casting it down on the people below it. The sand was given a beautiful massage as many people walked slowly across it; the finishing touches were done by no other than the sea as it rolled up the sand, before slipping back in to its depths. The air was salty and all you could taste was grains of sand on the tip of your tongue, flying through the air like hurricanes, lingers of hot dogs, sugar coated doughnuts and ice creams flew through the air, attracting all the hungry souls to have a bite and pay up there cash. People even entertained themselves by jogging along the soft grained sand, building towers and skyscrapers with buckets and spades or paddling in the crystal blue sea. The same could be said for the Peltzer family, Billy, Kate, Gizmo and Angela all had came to the beach that day to have some rest and relaxation and right now, they were getting extremely hungry. \"Kate... I'm hungry...\" Gizmo begged, as he snuggled up against her pearl skinned leg. \"Yeah, me too.\" Angela mentioned, whilst moving one of her arms towards her tummy and looking up at Kate. Billy then instantly felt his stomach grumble. \"I guess I'm hungry to, I think it's time we had some food.\" Billy said, as he stood up from there cabana that they were sitting under, Kate joining him also. The Young couple glanced at the two Mogwai, before asking them both what they would like, Gizmo responded by having a hot sugar coated doughnut while Angela wanted a strawberry ice cream, the young couple also decided to get some hot dogs for themselves and after sorting out the money, they pulled out two small, but light and trendy jackets and passed them to the two Mogwai. \"What are these things?\" Angela asked, as she held the light coat in the air, whilst looking at it from the front and the back. \"Water and Light proof jackets.\" Billy responded. \"It's so that you and Gizmo can go out front on the beach without being affected by any of its surroundings. My father invented a few for Giz.\" Gizmo smiled at Billy, whilst slipping his on. \"Thanks Billy.\" Gizmo said cheerfully, whilst picking up a pair of sunglasses and putting them over his eyes. \"We'll be back in a few minutes, behave yourselves while were gone, k?\" Kate noted, before grabbing her handbag and swinging it over her shoulder. \"Okay.\" The Mogwai said in unison And with that, the Peltzer couple were gone. Angela pulled a face at the coat that was in front of her before shrugging her shoulders and putting it on over her arms before looking at Gizmo's light jacket. His was a black one with flames going up from the bottom while hers was Red-Orange with electric green stripes going here and there; she made a mental note to ask Billy if she could have her very own designed one besides, all these designs were too boyish for her. She gazed at Gizmo as he lay back in the shade, sunglasses perched over his eyes, hands behind his head in a resting position, his cute yet, cheeky smile on his button mouth was everlasting for her, his jacket was open slightly, showing off his milk chocolate and white belly, he also had black demin swim trunks on that went up to his knees. Angela quickly looked away and sighed to herself, she needed to focus besides, she had a job to do, and that was why she was hanging with Gizmo in the first place. Plus, she promised Stripe last night that she would return with some useful information this time round as she hadn't got anything really that useful the day before. Angela looked up at the sky, and thought about everything that was going on. Before she met Gizmo, she felt like she could do anything whether a mission was dangerous or not, she would always do it, even if it cost her life. But now, she felt defenceless, fragile, all the words that she had never felt when it came to missions, it was like Gizmo had paralyzed her from doing anything. Plus, she hated to admit this to even herself... she was attracted to Gizmo. \" No... I can't be falling for him... we've only known each other for a day and I'm falling for him. God... he looks so good on that beach towel... no! Don't Angie! Besides, you've already got your eye on someone and love at first sight... it's just a load of rubbish, isn't it?\" \"Angela? Are you ok?\" Angela snapped out of her thoughts to see Gizmo staring at her quizzically, his dark brown eyes widening in worry at her whilst his sunglasses were now in one of his hands. \"I'm fine Gizmo, I'm just... taking in the scenery, this really is a beautiful beach.\" Angela replied, before turning her head to look straight at Gizmo. \"You know, you guys didn't have to invite me along, but it was really kind of you... thanks.\" Gizmo only smiled at her. \"It's ok Angela besides; you do need to know what Earth is all about, don't you?\" Angela paused for a moment before remembering her lie that she had told him the day before. \"Oh yeah, and I gotta say that I'm loving it already.\" \"Good.\" Gizmo replied, before lying back down on his beach towel For a moment all was silent, all that was heard was the whistling wind as it blew, the chirping seagulls slowly joining in with its melody. Angela could feel her heart pumping in her body as she looked over at Gizmo, she could feel it in her whole body, the adrenaline, the tension, the sweat of it all. \" Time to carry out the mission.\" Angela thought. Slowly, she turned her head towards Gizmo and gulped, she knew she had to do it sometime or another besides; Stripe wasn't going to wait forever now, was he? \"Um... Gizmo?\" \"Yeah Angela?\" \"I've been hearing many things about you since I came here.\" Gizmo jumped up from his beach towel instantly, his eyes wide with surprise, fur standing up like spikes. \"Y-Y-Y-Yeah W-What kind of things?\" he asked. Confusion was spread across Gizmo's face as he kept his eyes pinned on Angela, who was surprised with what reaction she got out of him. \"I've heard about your past Gizmo, I know more than you think, like that Gremlin... Stripe was it? Who caused trouble down at Kingston falls? It must have been an invasion of some sort, I think someone put Stripe up to it surely someone can't be that-\" Gizmo could feel all his anger boiling up. First, Angela says that she 'knows' about his past and then says 'someone put Stripe up to it' Did she even know what he had been through? Gizmo could feel his tears bubbling up and with a tear stained voice, he screamed: \"NO ONE PUT STRIPE UP TO IT!\" Angela froze out of shock, she didn't expect that. \"How do you know?\" She asked, ready to back up her case if needed. Gizmo wiped the tears out of his eyes and looked straight at Angela, showing her his slightly blood shot eyes from crying his eyes out. \"I KNOW BECAUSE I WAS HIS BLOODY VICTIM, I SPAWNED HIM, HE WAS A BAD GREMLIN ANGELA AND THAT WAS NO LIE, HE TORTURED ME, HE TRIED TO KILL ME, MY FRIENDS, AND HE TRIED TO TAKE OVER THE CITY!\" Gizmo then shuddered slightly, the memories were coming back, he could always remember looking into Stripe's blood red eyes when he was held in Stripe's extra tight grip, it always made him shiver and wriggle even more and the glint in them... was unmistakeable, no mercy in them what so ever. \"I WAS THERE WHEN HE DIED, IT WAS HORRIFYING, EVERY NIGHT AFTERWARDS I ALWAYS HAD A NIGHTMARE ABOUT HIM COMING BACK FOR ME, TRYING TO KILL ME, AND YOU TELL ME THAT SOMEONE PUT HIM UP TO IT! SHAME ON YOU ANGELA, BLOODY SHAME!\" Gizmo then got a tissue and blew his nose, whilst turning away from Angela; he didn't want her to see him like this. Angela widened her eyes as she watched Gizmo blow his nose and turn away from her, he was actually doing good for a liar, so good that she couldn't even come up with a good defence line. But, she knew that something wasn't right in all of this. \" Wow... he's good... too good... from the way he's acting, it's like he's actually telling the truth but something in me is telling me that one of them is lying I mean, both Stripe and Gizmo are putting up a good case and... Lenny, he was on Stripe's case and... He wouldn't lie to me... would he? No... Don't be silly Angela, Lenny would NEVER lie to you like that, and I'm still going to say that Stripe's telling the truth but in my heart, it just says Gizmo. But I know for sure something's fishy in all of this.\" Angela thought, as she stared hard at Gizmo, who was still crying. Sighing to herself, Angela stood up, walked over to Gizmo and sat next to him. \"Gizmo... I... I'm so sorry I... never thought it was that bad I...\" Gizmo looked straight at her and gave her a small smile. \"It's ok Angela, it's just what with everything going on around me and what happened a few days ago and what happened in the- Angela quickly put one finger to his lips. \"Shhhh... it's ok, I know just how it feels...\" Gizmo widened his eyes at her as Angela removed her finger from his lips. \"You do?\" He asked. Angela only nodded. \"Yeah... although... I'd rather not talk about it; it brings back memories... bad memories.\" Gizmo smiled and nodded. \"I understand.\" Angela could feel a bubbly smile creep up on her face as she stared at Gizmo, she had never felt this good ever, not even when she was with Lenny, her and Gizmo actually had more in common that she thought. Or not. \"So... um... Gizmo, let's forget about what I just said, I was just being stupid...\" Angela suggested, whilst wrapping her arm round Gizmo Gizmo smiled at her. \"It's ok, really, you don't have to apologise.\" He said, as he wiped his eyes once again with the tissue, he then reached for the bucket and spade. \"Want to make a sand castle?\" He asked. Angela grinned and removed her arm from Gizmo before fixing her light jacket. \"Sure!\" She replied, whilst putting all the coverage on Gizmo only smiled and put his coverage on before passing Angela the spade. \"Come-on! Let's go!\" he yelled, as he ran out to scoop up the sand with the bucket. \"Coming Gizmo!\" Angela yelled, as she ran towards him As Angela ran with Gizmo she felt completely free, a totally different person, devoid of everything that was once in her mind. For once in her life, she was at peace, for she ran after Gizmo with a bright yellow spade clutched in one hand and a brimming smile on her face. \"BLOODY CHEATERS! WHO NEEDS YA!\" Stripe screamed, as he threw all his cards down on the table and threw his seat into the nearest wall, causing it to break at impact. The Gremlins at the table, plus Mohawk stared at Stripe wide eyed as they slowly put their cards back down on the table. \"Stripe, you did lose the game y'know, it didn't mean that you had to throw your seat at the wall and be a bad sport about it.\" Mohawk mentioned, as he stared up at Stripe, despite being a Mogwai. Stripe marched over to Mohawk and got in his face. \"Mohawk my friend, I DID NOT, I REPEAT DID NOT, LOSE THAT GAME ON NORMAL TERMS, SOMEONE HERE IS CHEATING AND I KNOW IT!\" \"Stripe... you're just being paranoid... really, it's just a game!\" Mohawk whined, as he crossed his arms and rolled his eyes in annoyance. Stripe got out of Mohawk's face and folded his arms. \"Well, SOMEONE IS CHEATING HERE! Besides, I ALWAYS WIN at cards, and you and these buffoons have only just been introduced to the game!\" Stripe exclaimed, whilst motioning to the Gremlins behind them. \"HEY!\" The Gremlins yelled, knowing that they were being mentioned. \"So like I said I KNOW THA- \"OH STRIIIIIIPEY!\" Stripe jumped in surprise at the shriek behind him, it was one he knew all too well. Growling, he forced himself round to see Greta smiling seductively at him, with her luxurious green hair tied up with a rag and she was wearing a VERY revealing dress. \"Oh. It's you. What do you want Greta?\" Stripe said flatly, whilst staring at her dress. \"Well, I was actually here to see how my Stripey Wipey's doing.\" Greta cooed, whilst wrapping her arm round Stripe's waist and at the words 'Stripey' and 'Wipey' she grabbed Stripe's chin, pulling his face down towards hers, Stripe could smell her breath, it was a combination of dirt, perfume and lipstick, he gagged slightly, it wasn't the best combination at all. At this, the Gremlins and Mohawk started sniggering behind them, at this, Stripe growled to himself and pulled away from Greta, muttering several words in the process. Greta only sighed, heartbroken that Stripe pulled away like that, but she tried not to let it get to her. \"So, um, what are you guys doing exactly?\" Greta questioned, as she stared at Stripe. \"Well, we were playing a game of cards that is, until, Stripe threw his seat at the window because someone 'cheated.'\" Mohawk replied, whilst doing the speech marks with his fingers at the word 'Cheated.' \"Someone did cheat though Mohawk, I know it!\" Stripe replied, whilst giving evil eyes to the Gremlins. Greta only giggled in response as she flounced over to the Gremlins at the table, twirling her dress round in the process. When she got to the table, she sat on the edge, keeping her back to the Gremlins but she did twist her head round to them, giving them a dastardly grin. \"You guys better watch out, cause it's not the best option to cheat with my Stripey, cause if you cheat Stripey, you cheat me. Besides, Stripey can get real angry if you cheat him.\" Greta said, whilst smirking. \"What d'ya mean Greta?\" Mohawk yelled, curious about what she meant. \"Well, back in the day when me and Stripey were in Kingston Falls, Stripey was playing poker with a group of Gremlins and I was watching. Anyway, whilst Stripey was playing I noticed that one of the Gremlins was cheating so I immediately told Stripey and... Let's just say that he was never seen again.\" Greta explained, after finishing her sentence, she gave a big smirk to the 4 Gremlins behind her. Mohawk's jaw dropped as he turned to Stripe. \"You mean you- \"Yep.\" Stripe replied, as he got his gun out and pumped it up. \"I killed him.\" At this, the 4 Gremlins actually got scared out there wits and gulped as they looked at the gun Stripe was holding. Greta's smirk grew wider. \"And, let me remind you guys that, it was me who found the cheater and...\" She then grabbed one of the Gremlin's faces and scrunched it up with her hand. \"I have my ways of interrogation. So Bob, did you cheat? DID YOU?\" The Gremlin, known as 'Bob' gulped before shouting: \"FINE! IT WAS ME! IT WAS ME ALL ALONG! I CHEATED! BUT PLEASE DON'T HURT ME!\" He begged, before getting up, running to Stripe's feet and was praying on his knees. Stripe's only response was to pump his gun up even more whilst smirking down at the Gremlin before him. \"Sorry Bob, but your dead!\" He yelled before grabbing the Gremlin, putting the gun to his head and shooting him, right through his brain. Mohawk's jaw dropped once again as Bob's blood flew like a rocket through the air before landing with a splat on the ground. Stripe smirked as blood splattered against him, he was used to the feeling, he didn't have to go through it again, he spotted this and immediately wiped it off with his hands, not caring if anyone saw. Greta just kept smiling; she loved it when she was enjoying herself with her 'Stripey', she didn't even care if killing was one of his motives, as long as Stripe was in her arms and happy, it was all that mattered to her. Stripe blew the smoke off the end of his pistol and turned to the 3 Gremlins left, who were shaking uncontrollably after what just happened. \"You three! Throw Bob's body out of the nearest window here, I don't care where the hell it goes, as long as it's out of here. Now go on! GET IT OUT OF HERE BEFORE I KILL YOU THREE AS WELL!\" Stripe yelled, before pulling his trigger and shooting the ceiling above them. Immediately, the three Gremlins got out of their chairs at the speed of light and picked up Bob's body and before you could say anything more, they scuttled off to their duties. Mohawk watched the Gremlins scuttle off before turning to Stripe with a speechless expression. \"Stripe, you really surprise me sometimes.\" Mohawk said, as he stared at Stripe with nothing but surprise. Stripe only messed Mohawk's hair up in response. \"Heh, you're just going to have to get used to it Mohawk.\" Stripe said, before walking off in a random direction. Mohawk only huffed to himself as he slowly began fixing his hair. \"STRIPEY WAIT!\" Greta called out, as she ran after Stripe and grabbed his arm. Stripe sighed as he turned to look at Greta. \"What is it now Greta?\" He asked frustratingly. Greta only smiled seductively. \"Stripe... um... can we talk in private, there's something I gotta tell you.\" Stripe shrugged. \"Sure. I ain't got anything better to do anyway.\" He then crosses his arms as Greta removed hers and pulled an angry expression. \"But this better be quick!\" Greta smirked in delight at Stripe before grabbing his nearest wrist and dragged him along with her. \"Oh this will be better than quick Stripey. I promise.\" Greta cooed, as she dragged Stripe along with her. Stripe could have sworn that he had heard the tiniest giggle from her mouth. \"There! That's the 50th castle Gizmo!\" Angela said excitedly, as she pulled the bucket off their final masterpiece. \"Wow! They sure are great Angela!\" Gizmo replied. Angela only nodded before putting her sunglasses on and going back to her beach towel. \"I'm gonna relax now Giz.\" Angela said, before yawning and slowly lying back on her towel. Gizmo, now bored, looked around the beach for something to do before immediately spotting something that catched his eye; he smiled joyfully as he read the sign. It read: Free surfboards for anyone who wants to try surfing Ages: 13+ Gizmo immediately stood up as he kept his eyes pinned on the surf sign ahead of him curiosity got the better of the little Mogwai, for he started to walk over to the surfboards, Gizmo had seen many surfboarders on the TV and had always wanted to try it out well, today was the day that it was going to happen. Being the daredevil that he was, Gizmo made his way down by running across the sand, making Angela bounce up from her sunbathe. \"GIZMO! GIZMO GET BACK HERE!\" Angela called out, as she watched Gizmo run along. She tried again but Gizmo only kept on going, she knew now that calling out to him was useless. \"CRAP! I GOTTA FIND BILLY AND KATE BEFORE GIZMO KILLS HIMSELF!\" Angela said to herself and before you could say 'Bananas' Angela ran off to the food stall, not stopping even for a second, she wasn't just going to let Gizmo die of his own hands, no matter what. \"GRETA! FOR GOD SAKES! WHERE THE HELL ARE WE GOING!\" Stripe shouted, as he ran alongside Greta, trying his best to keep up with her and the grip she had on his wrist. \"Don't worry Stripey, were almost there, I promise!\" Greta replied, as she kept on running. Finally, they both stopped at where they were, the furthest they could both get was the darkest part of the loft, which was the most private part there. \"Alright Greta, spill the beans, what's made you drag me all the way out here?\" Stripe questioned, whilst putting his hands on his hips. Greta gulped before turning away from him, after all these years she was going to do it, she was going to confess to Stripe how she really felt about him. \"Isn't it obvious Stripey? After all those times that I tried to get your attention, those times we had together and even the time when I thought you were dead, I grieved for you Stripe, I really did...\" Stripe widened his eyes in confusion, why was she mentioning all that? Stripe was nothing but confused as he stared at Greta, her back turned to him as she looked up at the attic ceiling, he heard her whimper a little as he stared at her, with renewed confidence; he took a step towards her. \"What do you mean Greta?\" He asked, eyes full of curiosity as he stared on at her. Greta slowly turned around, Stripe looked at her eyes, they were slightly blood shot from crying, crying for his love, Stripe watched her as a tear ran downwards from her face and hit the floor, he could see the stains in the floor as he stared at Greta, she looked like she was in a right state but it didn't stop her from carrying on. \"I...I...I love you Stripe.\" She whispered, her tears still lingering on her Gremlin face. \"You what?\" Stripe yelled. Greta only kept her eyes pinned on him. \"I love you Stripe...\" She paused. \"Oh God... I haven't felt this way about anyone... not even with all the men that I used to flirt with, you're worth ten of them.\" She rubbed her eyes, tears dissolving on her claws as she rubbed them out. \"After all we've been through, shooting that Gremlin down in the bar, trying to get rid of Gizmo, the theatre explosion.\" She rubbed her eyes once more before finally letting all her tears escape from there domain, as she looked at Stripe, who was beyond shocked as he stared at Greta, listening to every word with his Gremlin ears. \"I had this feeling at the pit of my stomach, yet, it only came when I was with you, it was beautiful and as I wept your death, it came back but more pained it was then, that I realised, what love really meant... the only reason I flirted with others was to get over you... But I never did... I couldn't stand knowing that you were dead... now you're back, and... OH STRIPEY!\" Before Stripe could do anything, Greta ran straight into his arms, hugging his scaly Gremlin body against her and never letting go, she wanted her 'Stripey' where she dreamed of having him, in her arms. \"OH STRIPE, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND HAVING YOU BACK IN MY LIFE, IT'S SUCH A WONDERFUL FEELING!\" Greta cried, as she squeezed Stripe's body tight against her. \"BUT I'M JUST SCARED THAT YOU'D REJECT ME, I'M SCARED THAT YOU HATE ME FOR BEING SUCH AN OBSESSIVE STALKER TO YOU ALL THESE YEARS!\" Greta screamed, as she buried her head on Stripe's body, letting her river load of tears fall down his chest. Stripe only sighed as looked down at Greta, she had been a BIG stalker to him since they met, even when he had reluctantly let her sit next to him during his card games but, everyone needs forgiving sometimes, don't they? Pulling Greta's face off his shoulder, he looked straight into her big lilac eyes, they looked hurt and demoralised as he stared into them but, he knew what he had to do, he had to tell her. \"You don't have to worry about rejection Greta, really!\" Stripe comforted, as he held her broken Gremlin face with one of his hands, slowly moving his hand round to her cheek. Greta sniffled. \"R-R-Really?\" She cried. Stripe gave her a devilish smirk. \"Yeah. Cause I got something to say to you too.\" \"W-What is it?\" Greta asked. \"Well... to put it simple...\" Stripe paused, as he rubbed the back of his head sheepishly. \"I love you too.\" Greta's face lit up instantly. \"Rea-MMMMRGH!\" Before Greta could say more, Stripe flew forward at her, pressing his lips against hers, he could feel her tongue as he ventured inside her mouth, pushing the kiss deeper, tasting all the overused lipstick on the tip of his tongue. Wanting the kiss to be even deeper, he wrapped his arms round Greta's waist, pulling her towards him, the rag in Greta's hair soon fell down, making all her hair fall out towards them, Stripe felt Greta's heartbeat against his as he ran his claws through Greta's green, curly hair. Greta then started to walk forward, pushing Stripe up against the wall behind them, for a moment all they did was kiss until Stripe broke the kiss by grabbing Greta's waist, and spinning her round to wall where he once was. He leaned forward to her ear, cackling as he whispered: \"Ah ah ah, Stripey's in command now.\" Greta only giggled before replying: \"I'll agree to that.\" Stripe then pulled back, as he grabbed a dusty old blanket from the corner. \"So, are we official now?\" Greta asked, as she watched Stripe drag the blanket over. Stripe gave her a big grin. \"Yeah, were more than official baby!\" Greta only smiled at her new lover, as he got the blankets ready for them, after all these years, Stripe was now hers and hers only. \"Now what are you waiting for Greta? Let's get in there!\" Stripe yelled, as he grabbed Greta's hand, pulled her over to the blankets and pushed her down on the floor before getting on top of her and covering themselves with a white blanket. Greta could only giggle as Stripe pulled the blanket over. Angela darted across the beach like a rollercoaster as she went looking for Billy and Kate, she had to find them and quick, Gizmo's life was in nothing but danger as she knew it. \" Come-on! Come-on! You guys have got to be round here somewhere!\" Angela manically thought, as she ran on, looking for them both. She finally spotted the young couple, they were now walking towards the cabana where they were sitting, she had to warn them about Gizmo or something bad was going to happen, like multiplication or even death. \"BILLY, KATE!\" Angela shouted, as she darted after them, hoping that she could somehow catch up to them. Billy and Kate stopped for a moment, they were sure that they heard a shriek of some sorts. \"Honey, did you hear something?\" Kate asked, whilst turning to her partner in confusion. \"Yeah, I'm sure I did, it sounded a lot like Gizmo but slightly feminine.\" Billy replied, as they both looked round in hope to find the source of the screaming. Angela kept panting as she finally got to both Billy and Kate, she panted for gasps of air as she held on to Kate's leg. At this, Kate knelt down to her. \"Angela, are you ok? Where's Gizmo?\" Kate asked, as she knelt down to Angela's level. Angela looked up at her, freight and worry encased in her big, milk brown eyes as she practically yelled: \"GIZMO'S GONE TO HAVE A GO AT SURFBOARDING!\" Kate gasped in shock, whilst Billy began frantically looking round for the surfboards. \"HE'S WHAT!\" Billy screamed, as he looked round for any signs of Gizmo. \"Angela, what happened?\" Kate questioned, as she too looked round for Gizmo. \"Well, we had just finished building like, 50 sand castles and I went back to lie on my beach towel to have a rest when I saw Gizmo running down to the surfboards, I tried calling out to him but he just kept on running.\" Angela explained. \"It's all my fault; I should have stopped him instead of just sitting there! Gizmo's going to get killed cause of me!\" Angela screamed, whilst now trying to wipe out her bubbling tears. \"Don't worry Angela, that is not going to happen, its wasn't your fault, I would of probably done the same thing besides, I kind of knew this was going to happen, Gizmo seeing it on TV and all.\" Kate comforted. \"Was Gizmo wearing his light jacket?\" \"Yeah.\" Angela replied. Kate turned to look at Billy. \"See Billy? Gizmo will be fine; as long as he has it in astronaut mode he'll be ok.\" Billy turned to her in anger. \"You don't understand Kate; even then, Gizmo can still get killed! Even if he doesn't get wet.\" He yelled, before resuming his search for his best friend. Billy then spotted Gizmo, who was now going to grab a surfboard. \"GIZMO!\" He screamed before dropping their food, as he ran down past many tourists, not caring what he did in the process. Kate picked up Angela in her arms as she watched Billy run across the sand, Angela gaspingly watched, widening her eyes in the process. \"Billy really cares for Gizmo, doesn't he?\" Angela mentioned softly, as she looked up at Kate. Kate only nodded. \"They've been through a lot together.\" \"We should go down to them.\" Angela said, as she watched Billy at the surf stand. Kate nodded before bending down, grabbing her bags and running down to them. \"BUT BILLY!\" Gizmo whined, as Billy put the surfboard back in its place. \"No Gizmo! You're not having a go on a surfboard!\" Billy yelled back. \"You could have gotten yourself killed! It was just lucky that Angela came and told us what you were about to do!\" At this, Kate and Angela had gotten to them both. \"Everything alright Billy?\" Kate asked, as she looked over at both him and Gizmo. \"Everything's fine Kate, we weren't too late, come-on guys, let's go home besides,\" Billy turned to Gizmo. \"I can't risk you running off again.\" Billy then picked Gizmo up in his arms and carried him away from the surf stands. When they all had their seat belts on in the car, Gizmo turned to Angela with an annoyed look on his face. \"Why did you do that?\" Gizmo yelled, agitated that one of his dreams was now disintegrated. \"Do what?\" Angela asked, confused to what he meant. \"Telling Billy and Kate about me having a go at surfing.\" Gizmo replied. \"That was one of my dreams as well!\" \"I'm sorry!\" Angela shouted, as she looked straight at Gizmo, trying not to let her tears fall. \"I was just looking out for you; you could have gotten yourself killed. Is that so... wrong?\" Gizmo was about to protest, but he knew she was right, what he did was definitely out of the question, especially for someone like himself. \"No... It ain't wrong... you actually saved my life... thanks.\" \"It's ok. Your such a dare devil Gizmo.\" Angela cooed, before giggling to herself. When Gizmo heard her giggle, he felt himself going red; he looked through the car windscreen to see that he was in fact blushing and that made him go even redder. Billy and Kate both smiled as they saw what was happening in the back seats behind them. Kate smiled at Billy. \"Is it me or do you think that sparks are flying between these two?\" Kate whispered, as she and Billy turned round at the front. Billy shrugged. \"I don't know Kate, but whatever happens, I just want Gizmo to be happy.\" He whispered, as he smiled at fiancée. Kate only smiled back as she kissed her fiancée's cheek. And with that, the Peltzer couple had left the beach; the two Mogwai with them at their sides. \"THERE! That's the last ingredient needed for this potion!\" Brain yelled in delight, as he grabbed his mixing bowl and mixed the ingredients together with his spoon. \"This strength potion is going to be perfect, with this, I can beat both Stripe and Gizmo at their own games, in a very uncivil manner but trust me, it's needed.\" Brain smiled down at his concoction before him, it was now a bright pink mush due to all the mixing and red smoke was now whooshing out the bowl, as it bubbled and sizzled with all its magic, it was like cooking the Sunday roast, Brain sniffed the aroma as the smoke radiated through the air and even then, he felt like he was getting stronger, the Einstein Gremlin sat down at the nearest wall and crossed his legs, his concoction in his lap as he carried on mixing, not suspecting anyone there. In the darkness of the loft, a figure stood, watching Brain as he joyfully carried on mixing his concoction, standing next to the figure, more like on all fours was Daffy, the crazy, googly eyed Mogwai who was panting excitedly, kind of like a dog when they get ready to chase after their balls after their thrown. But then, that was the point of the plan, it needed much dogginess for it to work. In one wrinkly pearl skinned hand, the figure held a bright red ball which seemed to drive Daffy insane as he kept his eyes on the ball that the figure was holding in front of him, his wild ginger eyes never leaving the ball as he dribbled continuously like a dog, waiting for it to be thrown, round Daffy's neck was a leash with spikes on it which was just a dull grey, and pulling the leash back to keep Daffy in place was a grimy, white rope, which the figure held in his other hand. \"Now, now Daffy, you have to be patient besides; the idiot ain't even in his position yet.\" The figure said, as he gave a giant grin towards Brain. He was sure that his plan was going to work, for Brain's actions were surely not needed, he wanted to get rid of Gizmo himself but not with the Einstein Gremlin in the way, to him, Brain was a barrier in his revenge that he needed to get rid of as soon as possible, if he ever wanted revenge for himself, therefore, he could not let Brain go along with his plan for it would be nothing but trouble on his part, especially at his small stature. Snapping out of his thoughts, he went back to staring at Brain; he then knew that now was the perfect time to attack. Leaning down to his left hand side, he slowly untied Daffy from his leash that he was on and got ready to throw the ball. \"Here we are Daffy, you ready?\" The figure asked as he looked down at Daffy, placing the red ball right in front of his eyes. Daffy only kept his eyes on the ball, panting like a dog as he stared onwards before looking up at the figure and crazily stating: \"J-JUST T-T-THROW IT ALREADY, HAAAAAAAAAAA.\" The figure did as he was told as he did indeed throw it, right by Brain and Daffy ran for it like a ravenous wolf. Sighing happily, the figure held the rope that once tied Daffy to his leash and smirked. \"Oops...\" The figure said evilly before getting the rope and just carelessly throwing it to the side. But not before looking back and muttering: \"Your plans toast now Brain! Try and bounce back from that from that, HA!\" Satisfied that his mission seemed completed, the figure walked away as if nothing happened and slunk back into his shadows. Brain looked down at the ball beside him and picked it up out of confusion. \"Hmmmm... that's funny, who would be uncivilised enough to leave a- \"THAT'S MYYYEEE BALL!\" Daffy screamed crazily, as he ran towards Brain, a mad glint in his ginger eyes. Brain widened his eyes at the Mogwai as he continued to run crazily for his ball, he then instantly knew where it was going and put his hands out in hopes it would stop Daffy from running. \"DAFFY PLEASE! THAT'S UNCIVILISED! STOP RIGHT THERE THIS INSTANT!\" Brain shouted, as Daffy came running towards him. But Daffy didn't stop, in fact, he kept running, the only thing on his mind was his ball, and he wanted it back. Spotting the ball in Brain's hand, he dove forward, jumping on Brain and pushing him right to the ground, the impact of it also made Brain's once goodly made potion spill all over the ground, it now looked like nothing but a pink splat as slowly rotted against the wood, making it damp as a wet towel. \"MY BALL!\" Daffy yelled cheerfully as he held his ball up in the air with a cheeky grin on his face. \"Yes Daffy. Very good. Now can you please get off me!\" Brain yelled, as he waited for Daffy to get off his back. Daffy looked down at him. \"Oh, sorry about that Brain.\" He apologised, as he jumped down from Brain's back, he then remembered something that the figure told him to give to Brain after he did his orders, he pulled out a scrunched up piece of paper and passed it to Brain. \"Oh, this is for you Brain.\" Daffy said, as he passed Brain the piece of paper before giddily running off, bouncing his ball in the process. Brain groggily sat up as he pushed his glasses back up to his eyes before reaching up to his head, after what happened just, it gave him a right headache, he slowly rubbed his aching head before looking round at his surroundings, he then noticed that the concoction, that he once held was now splattered up against the wall, the bowl spilling out its contents like a tunnel from a river. \"Pardon my uncivilness but BLOODY HELL! I SPENT 2 HOURS, 2 BLOODY HOURS PUTTING THAT TOGETHER, NOW LOOK AT IT!\" Brain screamed, as he motioned to the pink splat up the wall. \"Karm down Brain, karm down, don't turn like the others, there so unruly, your better than them more... civilised.\" Brain said to himself as he took deep breaths, trying to karm himself down. He then looked at the slightly scrunched piece of paper that Daffy had given him. He sighed. He might as well see what it held, hadn't he? He looked down at the paper, scanning the words which were written down as he read on; he widened his eyes, who knew it ay? The note read: I'm watching you so tread carefully, pull one more plan to get rid of Stripe and you'll have more than Daffy up your ass. Brain growled to himself before simply scrunching up the note and tossed it aside. \"So that assault was not an accident huh? Lucky I came prepared.\" Brain thought to himself, as he pulled out a large bottle which contained bright pink liquid, exactly the same as the potion that he was in the process of making. Brain looked straight at the computer screen, smirking at the viewer in the process. \"Psssst! You there!\" Brain whispered. \"The viewer reading this! Yes you! My question to you is this: Can you keep a secret? You can't tell anyone! Not even a close friend cause if you do, it will cause nothing but trouble here for me. So can you do that?\" Brain paused for a moment, whilst looking down at his large bottle in front of him. \"Of course you can, I trust you from my wits, see this bottle in my hand? Well, this bottle is actually my potion that I was mixing earlier, my strength potion anyway, before today I figured that maybe someone had seen what I was doing so last night I kind of made a midnight potion, trying not to wake anyone up in the process, so if that mystery Gremlin thought that they had won, they better think again cause, I was one step ahead of them!\" Brain explained, as he put his potion back into his pocket and closed it up. He then started chuckling to himself, he loved the fact that he had managed to outwit this mystery Gremlin at their own game I mean, he was the smartest Gremlin ever, wasn't he? Of course he was! With a name like Brain anyone would be smart, Brain only grinned to himself as he walked through the loft, pushing past many Gremlins and plotting about when to make his next move. Gizmo yawned and stretched as he woke up from his 2 hour nap that he had in Billy and Kate's room. Putting his hands on the sheets, Gizmo slowly pushed himself up from the pillows before glancing at the clock on the wall ahead of him which read 5:35pm. Gizmo frowned and rubbed his belly, after all that sleep it was time for food. But there was one problem, Billy and Kate had grounded him for going off to the surfboard stand therefore, he couldn't come down for his dinner until 7pm which seemed like eternity, for the cute little Mogwai was practically starving. Tired and bored, Gizmo leaned over to the small cabinet beside his side of the bed and pulled the door knob on it. Out of random curiosity and boredom, Gizmo peeped in to see what was inside the drawer. As he looked inside, he saw things like photos, keys, plans for the Clamp centre building, log books, diary's and many other things that didn't really interest Gizmo that much. He then decided to close the drawer and look in the one down from it and when he did, he smiled in glee cause inside, was a ginormus bag of potato chips, which were nearly the same size as Gizmo himself, along with some black shades, they seemed to wink at him as the light bounced off the dark, fibre optic glass. Gizmo smiled as he leaned down to grab the potato chips and the shades, this would definitely cleanse his boredom for sure. \"Potato chips! Oh boy!\" Gizmo cheered as he pulled them towards him. \"I hope it's a flavour that I like.\" The Mogwai muttered, as he took a good look at the packet in front of him. Fortunately, for Gizmo, it was a flavour that he loved which was cheese and onion. He then turned to look at the ebony, black shades that he had found, Billy had been telling Gizmo about his memories of being a teenager and Gizmo was sure that at one point he mentioned shades that looked just like that yet, Gizmo felt that they were more for him, like he would need them one day to help him with something. Upon feeling that way, Gizmo decided to keep them for himself for a bit. \" I'm sure Billy won't mind...\" Gizmo thought, as he lay back against the pillow with the bag of potato chips. As he lay back against the pillow however, he felt weird, like there was something right under it. Gizmo immediately checked and saw a TV remote and lucky for him, there was a TV, right in front of him. The Mogwai only gasped as he took the TV remote from under the pillow and pointed it straight at the TV, switching it on and started to go through the channels, trying to find something decent to watch, he went through many things such as Horror Films, Sci-Fi shows, Game shows, Cartoons, Music channels, Beauty Pageants and much more but nothing seemed that interesting to Gizmo. After another 5 minutes of senseless flicking through channels, Gizmo finally found something that catched his eye, he had stopped on a film called 'Terminator 2.' The film had not long just started, only about 15-20 minutes gone but, Gizmo didn't really care, it was the scene in front of him that drawn him to the TV. It was set at an American-like diner where it showed a white, pearl skinned man stepping out the entrance, his hard, black boots thumping down the steps as he stood coolly at the entrance, taking in the surroundings around him, he was dressed in nothing but black, wearing a tight leather jacket and a plain black T-Shirt as he looked around with a nonchalant expression with the song 'Bad to the Bone.' Playing in the background. Gizmo widened his eyes at the man on the screen as he kept his eyes pinned on the TV, not taking his eyes off it for a second, he liked this film already. The man on the screen then slowly walked to a motorcycle and jumped on, starting up the engine to it as he was making his way out of the diner until... BANG! A gunshot stopped him from doing so, holding the gun was an old-ish man who looked like he was in his middle 50's, he pointed the gun at the man on the motorcycle before saying: \"Can't let you take the man's wheels son, Now get off before you get down.\" Gizmo crawled forward towards the screen, desperate to see what would happen next. \" Wow... this film really is good... I hope that guy ain't too rough on the old timer.\" Gizmo thought,as he watched the younger man slowly turn round on the motorcycle at the older man behind him. With a nonchalant expression, the younger man pushed the pedal on the bike aside and slowly got off the motorcycle, keeping his eyes pinned on the older guy in front of him, he kept his cool as he strided up to the older man, taking about 3 steps before standing completely still, his eyes holding no life or expression in them what-so-ever as he stared at the older man in front of him. The song 'Bad to the Bone.' still playing. Slowly, he advanced on the old timer, scaring him with an awkward silence until he finally moved, grabbing the gun right out of his hands. \" Oh God... don't kill him!\" Gizmo thought, as he grabbed the remote, ready to change the channel if any blood flung out of the older man's body. But he didn't shoot the older man in fact, the younger man held the gun in his right arm whilst reaching for the older man's shades and putting them over his eyes, making him look even more like a bad biker. \" Shades! COOL! And a Motorcycle, I've always wanted to try one of those! This film is EPIC!\" Gizmo thought again, as he watched the scene unfold. The younger man then strode back to the motorcycle before simply getting on and driving off and away from the diner and into the midnight streets. As the scene was playing, Gizmo quickly put his shades on, sat on the edge of the bed and held his arms straight out, his hands balling into fists, like he was holding on to the handles of the bike and everytime the Terminator made a turn, so did he. So that was basically how Gizmo spent the rest of the night, watching Terminator 2 whilst eating his bag of Potato chips when needed and as Gizmo watched the Terminator in action, he smiled, wishing that he, one day could try out a motorcycle and be just like the Terminator. A Hero. Wahoo! Another chapter finally up! :D That film Gizmo was watching was the Terminator, the 2nd one, it really is a great film, if you haven't seen it, I recommend that you go and buy it on DVD. Sorry about the long wait guys! I bet you guys really want to whack me with the pans now, go ahead, I'll let you. *Braces myself for pain.* And, I will TRY and update more often, since its Easter and all. Anyway, I hope you guys liked this chapter and I hope it was worth the wait, I worked very hard on this to get it just right for you viewers to read specially. :D Ok then, these are the Questions... 1 = Will Greta and Stripe's love last? 2 = Will Brain succeed at his plans or will the mysterious figure beat him to the punch? 3 = Will Gizmo ever be like the Terminator and get to go on a Motorcycle? 4 = Will Angela and Gizmo get closer together? Really want to know the answers? Find out next on Gremlins 3: Stripe strikes back! Oh, and, press that little button down there, see the review one? Brain: Yes, press it, Badberry loves it when she gets reviews! Thank you Brain, anyway guys, tell me what you think, because I'd LOVE to know what you guys are thinking right now. :D Brain: Constructive criticism is welcome, but no flames, there very uncivilised! I couldn't have said it better myself Brain anyway, see you on the next chapter of Gremlins 3: Stripe strikes back![Chapter 13] Woo! Number 13 is now up! :D Stripe: Yeah, yeah Berry whatever, just get on to the story that the viewers want to see ay! *Crosses arms in anger.* Sheesh Stripe, now need to get so impatient! Anyway, the Gremlins here- Stripe: and me! Yes, and Stripe are owned by Joe Dante, as much as I'd love to claim them all for my own... Stripe: *Widens eyes.* Wait? Say What? Anyway, Angela is owned by me and I hope you enjoy this upcoming chapter! Stripe: *Smirks.* Yeah guys, hope you enjoy this awesome story! *Grins.* Enjoy! :D \"URGH! God! Can't they see I'm trying to get a lie in!\" Stripe muttered darkly to himself, as he struggled to keep his eyes open to the grimy, white blanket above him. He sighed groggily to himself before covering one of his ears with his free hand, as he pressed his head back into the hard, firm, brown wood, trying to block out all the sound coming from outside the blanket, since they had came to this loft most mornings were noisy, but Stripe thought that this was really taking the cake, he looked down at his left hand side where Greta lay against his strong, scaly chest, snuggling in as deep as she could like a fish in the sea, Stripe also had his left arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her against him. Since yesterday, Stripe and Greta had really gotten passionate with each other, expressing their love for each other whenever they could as they walked through the Peltzer loft, not even caring if a snigger was placed upon their shoulders, they would just simply brush it off and carry on like a normal couple for the sniggerers would never understand what real love was, their love for each other was expressed throughout the whole loft and there wasn't a single Gremlin who didn't know about their relationship and soon, the whole loft knew that they were together. Many people had different views on their relationship such as Lenny and Angela, who were instantly happy for them as they both came past that night, Stripe's firm arm around Greta's delicate, slender waist was a cute sight for anyone with a good soul. There was also Brain, who had been spotting the couple do many passionate things to each other such as kissing with extreme passion and Stripe doing really dirty things to Greta however, he would only tut to himself and mutter the words: 'So Uncivilised.' Over and over again. They had been together for less than a day and their relationship had already annoyed the Einstein Gremlin to death as it was too, as he would say 'Uncivilised.', and that was only a few hours after they came out from under that blanket! But Stripe and Greta didn't care because they loved each other and that was all that was needed in their life, their eyes and ears would go out for the other and the other only, no amount of whinging and whining from Brain would stop them from doing what they wanted to do more than anything... loving each other. Stripe smiled down at his lover, keeping his arm round Greta as she slept so peacefully and quiet, curled up against her protector and showed no signs of waking up anytime soon. For a moment, all Stripe could hear was Greta's warm breaths against his neck as he reached round to her with his free hand and ran it through her soft, green curls and put his head closer to hers, tucking it under his chin, he could smell her shampoo as the aroma radiated up his Gremlin nose, it smelt like sweetly of strawberries. To him, it was the only thing that radiated the stink out the loft, for a moment, all Stripe could do was stare at his lover before the sounds outside got increasingly louder as the Gremlins outside started screaming out loud, Stripe could faintly make out what they were saying but he didn't even care at the moment, all he wanted was extra sleep and to be tucked up with Greta under the blankets but it didn't seem like it was going to happen with all the noise going on beyond the blanket besides, he was practically wide awake now. Frustrated about not being able to get back to sleep, Stripe leaned up and growled at the white blanket above them, as if it was the source of all the noise as well as tightening his grip around Greta out of anger and kissing her hard on her forehead as Stripe glared up at the blanket top with nothing but anger frozen on his face. Greta slowly moaned to herself as she slowly stirred before blinking her eyes open. \"Mmmmmm... morning Stripey.\" Greta whispered, as she tried to keep her eyes open to look at Stripe. Stripe heard her and instantly whipped his head round to her, smirking as he looked down at her. \"Hey Greta, nice sleep babe?\" Stripe asked, as he grinned down at her. \"Better than ever, now that I'm with you.\" Greta replied, whilst smiling up at Stripe. Stripe sadistically grinned, showing his sharp, yellow tinted, triangular teeth as he peered down at Greta's attire, all that she was wearing was her baby pink, leopard patterned bra with matching knickers, the Gremlin leader's grin got even bigger as he pulled Greta close to him before whispering back: \"I agree.\" Stripe then pressed his lips against hers once again, whilst holding her tight round her waist, Greta could only giggle as his embrace once again got deeper. Stripe and Greta were really going for it until the noise outside the blanket escalated even more, frustrating Stripe, causing him to break the kiss and let go of Greta, who fell back out of Stripe's arms and banged her back, head and elbows against the floor, she groaned as she sat back up as she rubbed her elbows, guessing that she had a nasty bruise somewhere. \"Ouch...\" Greta moaned, as she was now rubbing her head, she looked at Stripe, who looked like he was about to blow. \"Something a matter Stripey?\" \"WHY DO THEY HAVE TO MAKE SO MUCH BLIMMIN NOISE EVERY MORNING? CAN'T THEY JUST TONE IT DOWN FOR ONCE?\" Stripe screamed frustratingly, as he kept his eyes on the blanket. Stripe then pressed his ear up against the blanket, trying to listen to what the Gremlins outside were saying. Greta immediately spotted his action and was instantly confused. \"Stripey, what are you doing?\" She questioned, as she stared on at Stripe, instantly confused to his actions. \"SHHHHH!\" Stripe whispered. He then listened on; trying to figure out what exactly was going on out there, a few minutes went by and Stripe was still listening. He then widened his eyes before growling in anger and turning to Greta with an expression of pure rage. \"Greta, I gotta go, something's going on that I have to sort out.\" Stripe said, as he crawled forward to the end of the blanket. Greta widened her eyes. \"Stripey, what's going on?\" She asked, curious to what was happening. Stripe turned his head to her, his blood red eyes glowing with rage, a mad glint in his eyes as he stared, his mouth twisted into a jutted frown. \"I'll give you 2 words: Brain Gremlin.\" Greta gasped, instantly covering her mouth. \"Oh God, what's he done this time?\" Greta exclaimed, as she kept her eyes pinned on Stripe. \"I don't know, but that's something that I'm going to find out. Wait here, I'll be right back!\" Stripe demanded, before crawling straight out of the blanket. \"STRIPEY WAIT! I'M COMING WITH YOU!\" Greta yelled, as she quickly got dressed into her outfit that she wore on the night that he was brought back to life which consisted of a red cropped blouse and a short demin skirt. As soon as she got dressed, Greta bolted out the blanket after Stripe, trying to keep up with him as he stomped across the hard, wooden floor towards the Gremlins, his white streak of hair, seeming to stick up more than usual as it swayed left to right continuously like a flag in the wind, his red eyes glowing powerfully in the dark, dim lighted loft, making them seem luminous as he marched ahead of him, keeping his eyes pinned to the Gremlins backs. For a moment, all Stripe and Greta did was march ahead of them until Stripe finally stopped still, his eyes scanning the area ahead of him, he was only about half a meter now from the Gremlins backs and from what he could tell, they were forming a circle of some sorts and it seemed like that nearly every Gremlin that he spawned was present in the circle, he growled to himself before muttering: \"Brain, just what the hell are you up to!\" Stripe then looked up at the ceiling, trying to decide what he should do next when he felt something on his shoulder. Turning his head round, he could see that it was Greta and she was panting extremely hard whilst wrapping her Gremlin arm round his neck, trying to get her breath back as she slowly panted, one hand on her heart as she looked up at Stripe. \"Stripey... *pant* what's... *pant* going on?\" Greta asked, as she breathed out for gasps of air in the process. Stripe looked back at the circle. \"I don't know, but it seems that there having a meeting of some sorts and I'm going to find out what it's about!\" he shouted, as he dashed forward to the Gremlins ahead of them. \"STRIPEY NO!\" Greta screamed, as she dashed after him, still panting for a dose of fresh air. But Stripe didn't stop in fact, he had no intention of stopping, he didn't need Brain causing trouble and strife, turning everyone against him which he definitely didn't need, he needed everyone in tact if he was ever going to complete his goal: Destroy Gizmo and take back what was originally his. As Stripe stomped through, he roughly pushed past many Gremlins by pushing them to the side and even pushing some to the floor as he stomped onwards, trying to get to the middle of the circle, where all the commotion was supposedly taking place, growling as he went, shouting things like: \"MOVE!\", \"OUT OF MY WAY!\" and many other things that were definitely not used in formality. Stripe then stopped for a moment, for he could see what was going on in the middle. There stood the Einstein Gremlin himself, arms crossed with a big grin on his face as he stood there, waving his arms about at many Gremlins all around him like an arrow on its spinner, Stripe only clenched his teeth together in pure anger as he looked on at what was happening, he didn't need Brain turning this loft into some kind of 'Civilised abode.' With a growl, he marched forward, pushing yet another Gremlin over and staring, straight at Brain. Brain meanwhile, was having the time of his life in the middle as he wise cracked once again at a Gremlin complainer. Raising one of his arms up in the air, he gave out a loud sigh to himself before finally yelling: \"Alright everybody, settle down... NOW!\" Every Gremlin in the circle instantly jumped out of their skin at Brain's sudden outburst and stared straight at him, eyes widening and ears tingling with curiosity as they all stood on their own two feet, wondering why Brain brought them all here in the first place, the five Mogwai included as they were all sat in a line at the front on some hard yet dusty old chairs. The line was as follows: Daffy, Mohawk, Angela, Lenny and then George as they all sat there with the same curiosity as the Gremlins, frowns on their delicate peach button mouths and confusion encased in their eyes. Brain then coughed for a moment before smirking at his audience, who were finally quiet as they stared onwards, waiting for him to say something. After a minute or so, Brain finally opened his mouth, putting his hands on his hips as he exclaimed: \"Now then everyone, I bet you're all wondering why I woke you all up so early and brought you all here. Right?\" \"You got that right! Me and Lenny haven't had much sleep since the day we came here and as if the hard floors were bad enough, we didn't need you shouting all odds in our ears!\" George yelled in protest, as he stared hard at Brain. \"So whatever this reason is for waking us up this early better be worth it!\" Mohawk turned his head to look at George, analysing his story for a moment before turning back to Brain whilst folding his arms coolly as he leaned against his chair impatiently. \"Yeah Brain, for once I agree with George, if this is one of your poxy lessons about 'Civilisation.' Then you've got another thing coming Pro-fess-or!\" After hearing Mohawk's snarky comment, the Gremlins behind instantly started sniggering loudly, some even snorted their noses out of laughter, Mohawk only kept grinning at Brain as the eruption of laughter got louder behind him. At this, Mohawk narrowed his eyes as his grin got bigger, showing his small triangular white teeth, giving Brain the most dastardly face that he could do. Brain growled to himself as he kept his eyes fixed on Mohawk's evil little face, trying not to let his anger consume him. He slowly closed his eyes as he took a deep breath before shouting: \"SILENCE!\" The Gremlins instantly stopped in their tracks and looked straight back at Brain. \"The reason why I brought you here is because... have you ever felt so bored in here, so bored that there was just nothing to do I mean, I'm in here all day with nothing to bloody do but sit against the wall!\" Brain explained. \"I mean, having nothing to do is just Uncivilised, know what I'm saying?\" Everyone just stood or sat there, looking at him with a 'what are you talking about' face. Mohawk kept smirking, a glint of mischief in his eyes as he snootily countered: \"See what I mean everyone? He can't go a blimmin day without mentioning 'Civilisation' and he says that he's got nothing to do... pah! It's a load of rubbish, as I walk past, I see him doing something although, he won't show it, meh... like I care anyways...\" Brain once again whipped round at Mohawk and stomped over to the black and white Mogwai, getting right in his face. \"IF YOU DON'T BLOODY SHUT UP, I'LL MAKE YOU SHUT UP!\" Mohawk just kept smirking. \"Go on then. Make me! Like you'll win a prize from it!\" Brain pulled away from Mohawk's gaze but still peered down at him. \"Need I remind you that your just a weak, little- \"YOU BLOODY ASS WIPE!\" Brain smirked as he stood up at full stance, taking his head away from Mohawk and looking straight up at the ceiling, he knew who it was and he was waiting for the moment that he'd show. The Einstein Gremlin slowly turned round to see Stripe himself, clutching a Gremlins chest with his claws before carelessly throwing it to the ground. Brain grinned at the white streaked Gremlin, looking into his blood red eyes, feeling no fear from them what-so-ever. \"May I help you Stripe?\" Brain questioned, as he took a few steps towards the Gremlin Legend. Stripe walked towards him, full of nothing but rage. \"WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA BRAIN, WAKING EVERYONE UP TO YOUR LITTLE MEETING AY? WHAT WAS IT? TURN EVERYONE AGAINST ME SO YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO DO THE DIRTY WORK, AY?\" Stripe screamed, as he stared Brain straight in the eyes, not moving a muscle. Brain grinned; he figured that he was going to enjoy this very much. \"I wasn't against you at all Stripe; I was just telling everyone how boring this loft is!\" Stripe just stood there, annoyed and dumbfounded as he exclaimed: \"Boring? Brain, there is nothing boring about this loft besides, me and some of my comrades here play cards, we gamble and we have a great load of fun!\" Stripe turned to the audience. \"Don't we guys!\" At this, some of the Gremlins cheered shouting out with a great big: \"YEAH!\" Stripe then folded his arms and smirked at Brain, glad that he had back-up on his side, but the Einstein Gremlin still held his ground, a big smirk plastered across his face, determined to change that. As both Gremlin leaders were glaring daggers at each other, Greta came running into the middle of the circle as she kept her eyes pinned on Stripe, who was currently having a glaring contest with Brain but that didn't stop her from jumping on to Stripe, instantly giving him a bone crushing hug. \"OH STRIPEY! Are you ok? What's happening?\" Greta asked, as she slowly pulled back from Stripe's chest yet still keeping her arms round him. Stripe could barely breath now; he could feel himself going embarrassed as Greta pulled him close to her body. \"Greta... not now...\" Stripe muttered, as he tried to pry himself free of his lover's clutches. Brain smiled at the Gremlin couple, chuckling to himself as he saw Stripe going red as a beetroot in Greta's clutches as she hugged him, he smiled even more though when the Gremlin Legend was practically trying to escape from Greta's arms, his eyes full of embarrassment, Brain smirked at the couple, keeping his eyes on Stripe as he commented: \"Well, well, you really got yourself lucky this time Stripe.\" Instantly, both Stripe and Greta's eyes clicked straight at Brain, Stripe's face going even more red as he just stood there like a statue, completely shell-shocked. Greta however, slowly removed her arms from Stripe, staring straight at Brain, unable to remove her lilac eyes from his gaze; she took a step towards the Einstein Gremlin before asking: \"Brain, what's going on here?\" Brain only smiled at her. \"Greta my darling, I was just telling everyone here how boring it is up here I mean, other that chat, people have got nothing to do... other than card games with Stripe that possibly lead to instant death, who agrees with me here?\" Angela raised her hand. \"I do!\" Brain smiled down at Angela before kneeling next to her. \"What's your name, darling?\" Brain questioned, whilst keeping his eyes on the female cream Mogwai in front of him. Angela smiled at Brain, looking into his big yellow eyes before replying: \"My name's Angela.\" Brain stood back up, glaring at the Gremlin couple. \"See, Angela agrees with me.\" Brain said, whilst pointing down at Angela. \"It's so uncivilised when you're not active but yet, it's so civilised when your bad.\" Brain commented, smirking out of pure glee in the process. \"Brain, what the heck are you talking about?\" Greta questioned, confused to what he meant. \"That's what I'm thinking; I bet you can't go one day with mentioning civilisation Brain!\" Mohawk whined, as he slunk down into his chair. Brain whipped round to the Mogwai. \"I can so! But civilisation is a very- \"ITS BLOODY TRUE I'M TELLING YA!\" Stripe shouted, whilst whacking his forehead and hanging his head down in annoyance. Angela sighed to herself, due to Brain's speech of action; she thought it was a perfect time to show off one of her most treasured skills, it was something that she hadn't shown anyone, not even her best friend Lenny but that was only out of pure nervousness of doing it on her own. But this brain wave that she had in her mind told her that she wasn't going to be on her own, as long as Lenny does what's planned, she was going to be fine. Pushing all her nerves to the side, Angela looked up at the two male Gremlins, who were practically at each other's throats before clearing her throat and yelling: \"Brain?\" Brain walked over to her. \"Yes Angela?\" He questioned, curious to what she had to say. Angela gave Brain a big smile before saying: \"I was thinking that maybe we could have a do on tonight.\" Stripe suddenly whipped round himself, eyes widening in alarm as he ran over to Angela and Brain, from what he could tell this 'do' wasn't going to be the best on his part, he pushed Brain to the side before kneeling down at Angela, glaring at her straight in the eyes, this 'do' of hers was something he needed to know about. \"Yeah? What kind of do?\" Stripe questioned, as he stared on at the female Mogwai in front of him, his ears twitching for answers. Angela's smile got bigger as she started jumping up and down on her seat in excitement, after all these years she was finally going to show Lenny one of her most beautiful talents, her milk brown eyes were sparkling with excitement as she went hyper in her seat, almost as hyper as Daffy when he goes proper nuts. Lenny looked on at his best friend next to him, confused and curious as to why she was so excited, he was about to say something but then decided to shrug it off as he stared on at Angela, waiting for her to give a statement. Angela took a deep breath as she slowly karmed down and turned to look at Stripe, excitement jiggling through her body as she replied: \"I was thinking... that maybe we could have a dance off.\" Both Brain and Stripe were instantly confused. \"A Dance off?\" They both simultaneously yelled. Angela nodded. \"Yeah...\" Both of the Gremlins looked at each other in confusion, hoping the other could give some clear statement about what Angela meant. Spotting this, Angela sighed at their stupidity. \"You know, where a man asks a woman to dance with them on the dance floor in a romantic gesture, you know... a Prom.\" Angela explained, her voice going more and more dreamlike as she fantasized her and Lenny on the dance floor, twirling each other round like spinning tops, Lenny spinning her in the air protectively, his maroon eyes sparking out at any Gremlins who tried to dislodge her from his arms and feeling his heartbeat against hers as Lenny waltzed her across the dance floor, keeping her as close to him as possible. As her fantasy came to an end, Angela dreamily sighed as the Gremlin leaders stared at her weirdly. Brain then thought about what Angela had just said and smirked in a rather evil way, this... was going to be fun! \"Angela, your wish is my command! Tonight will be...\" Brain then turned round, immediately undoing his blazer buttons and taking it straight off. \"Hold this will ya Stripe!\" Brain yelled, as he threw his blazer straight at Stripe's face. Stripe widened his eyes in surprise as he saw Brain's blazer flying straight at him, he instantly catched it but when he did, dust instantly emitted from the jacket, causing Stripe to cough as he held the dusty blazer in his arms. Brain then undone some of his shirt buttons from the top before loosening his tie, making it look scruffy as it now dragged down to his trousers. He then walked to some boxes before finally getting out a long, black top hat and placing it straight on his head, he also got out a long black cloak and instantly stretched it out, chucking the dust out in Stripe's direction in the process as he swung the cloak round his shoulders, he then turned towards Angela as he kept his head down, his left arm holding the edge of the top hat, while his right arm kept the glowing ebony black cloak round him. For a few seconds, all Brain did was keep his head down until he finally looked upwards, spinning around out of pure joy as he yelled: \"THE NIGHT OF THE GREMLINS DANCE!\" Angela gasped happily before instantly standing up on her chair, squealing happily in the process. \"YEAH! OH, THANKS BRAIN!\" Angela squealed, as she twirled round on her chair in pure excitement. Greta then gave out a loud squeal herself, as she dragged Stripe's arm towards her. \"OH STRIPEY! AIN'T THIS GREAT, WE CAN FINALLY DANCE TOGETHER!\"Greta cried, as she rested her head on Stripe's shoulder lovingly. But Stripe was far from happy as he growled at Brain, it wasn't that he didn't want to dance, it was just because Brain was at the rear, he figured that this was all part of Brain's plan to embarrass him as much as possible because as Stripe knew, Brain loved it when he was under pressure, he looked back down at Greta, who was practically looking forward to dance with him, he could tell because of the sparkle in her eyes and the smile across her big, red dribbling lips. \"Don't listen to him Greta, there is no prom!\" Stripe shouted, as he kept his eyes on the Einstein Gremlin who was now turning round himself, Angela frowned as she heard Stripe's words. \"And, may I ask, why not?\" Brain questioned, narrowing his eyes as he looked at Stripe. Stripe pried himself from Greta's grasp and stepped towards Brain, getting right in his face. \"Because, you need my permission, ok? This is MY LOFT, and I'M IN CHARGE SO I MAKE THE ORDERS, OK?\" Stripe shouted, his red eyes glowing straight at Brain before looking up at everyone else. \"And that goes for all you lot too!\" The Gremlin shouted, pointing a green scaly finger at the audience in the process. Brain could only smirk once more as he crossed his arms coolly. \"Pffft, YOUR Loft, who said that it was YOUR Loft?\" Brain questioned, as he smirked at Stripe, waiting for the Gremlin to answer. Stripe narrowed his eyebrows as he put his hands on his hips. \"I did. Just now! And let me tell you something else, AT LEAST I DON'T DRESS LIKE SOME COSTUMED FREAK AND ACT LIKE A BLOODY GOODY TWO SHOES!\" Stripe screamed in reply, as he kept his eyes pinned on Brain. Brain kept his smirk on. \"Well let me tell you now... Stripey...\" Brain chuckled to himself. \"I'm far from what you call a goody two shoes and, that's the problem with you Stripe, it's always me, me, me ain't it? Well, you know what? Let the Gremlins decide, let everyone else say what THEY want for a change, eh?\" Brain paused for a moment, before turning to the audience and carrying on his little speech. \"Besides, also at the prom, we'll be having a sugary feast of course, before midnight due to Mogwai's being here, so Angela, when your down at Gizmo's, make sure you bring some food up here, eh?\" Angela gave the Einstein Gremlin a smile. \"I sure will Brain!\" She cheered, before giving him a thumb up. At this, all the Gremlins started muttering things to each other, mostly about the food, but still, some of them even wanted to give dancing a go. \"Brain, you are NOT having this do!\" Stripe shouted, as he glared on at the Einstein Gremlin. Brain kept his eyes on the muttering Gremlins for a minute before turning back to Stripe, a triumphant smile plastered across his face. \"Really? Then why don't you ask your crew then?\" Brain then smiled in glee as he walked forward towards the audience. \"Has the jury reached a verdict?\" He asked, as he smiled sinisterly at the Gremlins. One Gremlin, who was right at the front, grinned at Brain approvingly as he said: \"We wanna dance!\" At this, all the Gremlins in the circle cheered as they stomped on the hard floor beneath them as they chanted: \"DANCE!\" repeatedly. Brain done the most sinister grin that you could think of as he turned round at Stripe, showing him his pearl white sparkling teeth, his yellow eyes flashing out like a light bulb as he grinned at Stripe, knowing that he had won the case. \"So Stripe, can we dance now?\" Brain mocked, as he moved his top hat down even more so that he looked mysterious. Stripe growled at Brain as he looked up at all the Gremlins who were practically chanting: \"DANCE!\" right in his ears, it pounded in his head like a bouncy ball. Stripe sighed to himself as he held his head out of anger, trying to close out the Gremlins chants but he couldn't and even if he could get his point across now, they'll be no one to back him up when Brain sends a wise crack towards him, not even Greta as she was practically looking forward to the Gremlins prom to do the ever official dance with him, he knew that he couldn't win now, Stripe decided that he would let Brain have his little 'Prom do.' As long as it didn't cause trouble on his part. He let out a sigh in agony, as he looked up at Brain, who was giving him the most evil grin that you could think of as Stripe finally said: \"FINE! You can have your Prom thing or... whatever, on one condition!\" Brain just kept grinning. \"What would this condition be then?\" He questioned. Stripe kept his eyes on Brain, as he stiffly replied: \"That you make no attempts to embarrass me what-so-ever! Got that? Cause I don't really want to be involved!\" Brain just smiled. \"Your wish is my command Stripe!\" He then turned to the Gremlin audience in front of him. \"GREMLINS! TONIGHT WE MUST DANCE! SO GET ASKING YOUR SPECIAL ONE OF YOURS TO THE DANCE!\" Brain then turned away as he muttered to himself: \"Or just plainly come here for the free food...\" Stripe then crossed his arms before shouting: \"You know what, I'm out of here, I've got better things to do with my life!\" The white streaked Gremlin then turned round to leave but for some reason he couldn't because he couldn't move his left hand, it was like a pulling force was stopping him from moving. He immediately turned round and the first thing he saw was Greta's face as she pulled him back towards her like a magnet and wrapped her arms round him so he wouldn't escape her clutches, their faces were now only millimetres apart and Stripe could feel Greta's unsanitary breath brush against his neck as he looked into her lilac eyes, which rooted him to the spot. \"Oh Stripey, ain't you got something to ask me?\" Greta cheerily stated, as she looked into Stripe's blood red eyes, her lips dribbling slightly in the process. Stripe backed up before instantly bumping into her bind that she had round his waist, he looked down at her arms, muttering things about his good looks before looking back at Greta, straight into her lilac eyes and narrowed his eyebrows at her before breaking out of her grasp and yelling: \"Oh Shove it Greta! JUST SHOVE IT!\" and with that, the Gremlin leader left, once again by pushing Gremlins to the ground in the circle. Greta just stood there in complete shock, trying not to cry as she headed for the same exit as Stripe, keeping her head down so no-one could see her emotions, and leaving the circle. Brain chuckled to himself as he watched Stripe and Greta leave, part of him glad that Greta wasn't going to be coming on to him anymore, he then looked back up at both the Gremlins audience and the Mogwai, giving them a nonchalant expression as they all just stood or sat there in the awkward silence. Angela broke the silence. \"What time will the dance start Brain?\" She questioned, as she stared on at Brain, her eyes blinking in excitement. Brain smiled at Angela as he replied: \"Well, I think the best time to start the prom would be 8:30pm but make sure you get up here for 8pm at least, as were going to have a music fest beforehand.\" He then turned to everyone else. \"That goes for you lot too.\" He stated, as he stared at the Gremlin faces before him. \"For now, you may go, I'll see you tonight everyone.\" Brain declared as he then made his way out of his own circle and walking... into the darkness of the loft. As the circle of Gremlins faded, the five Mogwai slowly made their way off their chairs, careful not to fall on their heads as they dropped their cute little Mogwai feet to the ground. All except for Daffy of course, who just instantly fell backwards off his chair, which ended up in him doing two gambols across the dusty, wooden floor before finally stopping, laughing crazily and skipping away merrily, his ginger eyes cross-eyed and his spotted tiger fur covered in ancient dust as he skipped away, without a care in the world on what he did next. When Lenny had finally got down, Angela instantly hugged him, nuzzling her cream head under his fluffy chin, Lenny only jumped in surprise as she embraced him, hugging her back as close to him as she could and although it was faint, Lenny blushed, his maroon eyes were frozen with shock and he bit his lip harder, his buck teeth gripping his peach, pearl skin. \"OH LENNY, ISN'T THIS EXCITING!\" Angela squealed, as she hugged Lenny tighter. Lenny let go of his best friend and looked at her with confusion. \"What's exciting?\" He asked. Angela could only giggle to herself before looking back up at him. \"The Prom Lenny, the prom, I can't wait till tonight, it's going to be so... WONDERFUL!\" Angela then paused as she looked down at the ground. \"But...\" Lenny widened his eyes at her with curiosity. \"But what?\" Angela looked back up at him. \"I need a date for the prom, I mean; I can't just go on my own can I?\" She explained, as she stared Lenny straight in his maroon eyes. \"If only someone will ask me...\" Angela cried out, as a small frown was now forming on her button mouth. Angela then hung her head down out of sadness but, if you looked closely, you could see a big smile on her face as she hung her head low, hoping that Lenny would somehow take pity and ask her but all she could do now... was wait. Lenny widened his eyes as he saw his best friend hang her head low; she was looking forward to this prom ever since Brain had declared it was on and Lenny could tell instantly as soon as Brain declared it but now, Angela was completely tear stained and he HATED it when she was sad like that, Lenny himself was always there to cheer her up when she got blue and make her into a happy sunshine again. Plus, he loved her and it was more than friendship, he would do almost anything for her and he would definitely go to the prom with her, if that was what she wanted, he was going to give it to her. With the best named confidence in him, Lenny lifted her cream head towards him out of its hanged state and looked straight in to her milk brown eyes before letting out a big sigh and nervously saying: \"Angie, I have something to ask you.\" Angela's face instantly lit up as she gave him a big smile, showing that she was up for the question. \"What is it Lenny?\" Angela asked, her eyes lighting up with excitement. Lenny immediately started shivering out of pure nervousness. \"Um... Well... Um... I was wondering if... Um... Um...\" Lenny stuttered, as he kept his eyes on Angela, his fur standing on end like an angry cat when they threateningly hiss at their opponents, ready to pounce. Angela then leaned in and nuzzled him before slowly removing her head. \"Yes Lenny?\" She asked, as she looked into his big, maroon eyes. Lenny then gave out a big sigh before looking straight at Angela, his confidence re-growing as he stated: \"Angela, will you go to th- \"Back off Buck face!\" Before either Lenny or Angela could react, Mohawk had already got in between them and pushed them apart, knocking Lenny to the ground in the process as he stared down at him, his red eyes glowing with mischief. Seeing the chaos unfolding, George ran over to Lenny and helped him up from the ancient wooden floor, Angela joining them also. \"MOHAWK! What the hell do you want now?\" George yelled, as he held on to one of Lenny's arms to stop him from brutally attacking Mohawk. Mohawk only grinned seductively as he made his way forward to the three other Mogwai, eyes glowing with a glint of evil in them. \"I'm just here to tell buck face there not to steal my date.\" He then turned to Angela and immediately wrapped his arm round her neck, dragging her forwards with him. \"Ain't that right babe?\" Mohawk cooed, as he fiddled with Angela's red bow with his free hand. Angela widened her eyes at Mohawk before trying to get free of his grip he had round her neck, she could barely breath due to the grip he had on her, all she wanted to do now was get away, and quick. \"NO WAY MOHAWK!\" Angela screamed, as she managed to get her arms out of his lockdown that he had on her. Mohawk only kept grinning as he tightened his grip on Angela. \"Awww, don't be like that babe really, we have some unfinished business to do.\" Angela's eyes suddenly widened to a new low. \" Unfinished business? What does he mean?\" Angela thought, as she tried to dig her nails into the wooden floor to somehow stop Mohawk from walking so fast because at the speed that he was going combined with the grip that he had on her, Angela felt like she was going to pass out if it carried on for much longer, the whole loft was practically spinning, Angela's head was now starting to ache and her vision was going blurry. She had to get away, and quick otherwise something bad might happen. Despite her blurry vision and spinning head, Angela looked up at Mohawk as he walked, her hands gripped on his black furry arms as she pushed herself upwards so that she could at least breathe for air. Once she done that, she kept her eyes on Mohawk's face, Angela then noticed that his eyes wasn't on her but were just looking straight ahead of him so she knew instantly that he was distracted. Pushing herself upwards once more, Angela balled one of her hands into a fist, and whilst Mohawk was looking round him for a moment, Angela took her chance by taking her fist and punching Mohawk straight in his face which made him lose his grip on her and fall back to the floor. \"CRAP!\" Mohawk yelled in surprise, as he fell backwards on to the hard, wooden floor. He then slowly sat up and felt his nose; he then looked at his hands and instantly noticed one thing: they were bloodied! Almost instantly, Mohawk then knew that Angela had given him a bloodied nose. He looked up at Angela, who was now getting her proper vision back, her headache was clearing but she was still stumbling round out of dizziness. Mohawk growled at Angela before pointing a finger at her and shouting: \"WHY YOU LITTLE BLOODY- Angela cut him off. \"If you put your arm round my neck like that again you're going to get more than a bloodied nose, I assure you!\" The Female Mogwai shouted, as she stared down at the black and white Mogwai before her. \"Angela! Are you ok?\" Angela turned to see George and Lenny, who had only just catched up with them both. Angela only walked over to Lenny and smiled. \"I'm fine Lenny.\" Angela replied, she then looked down at Mohawk, who now had bloodied hands due to his nose bleed before looking back at Lenny and saying: \"Let's go guys!\" Before instantly walking away, George slowly following her. Lenny however stayed rooted to the spot as he looked on at Mohawk, who was getting himself bloodied up and snickered at his mis-hap. Mohawk instantly heard Lenny and shot his head up like a jack in the box however, he never said a word; all he did was give Lenny a sinister glare. At this, Lenny just smirked, before catching up to his two best friends. As he watched Lenny go, Mohawk growled and crossed his arms as he muttered: \"Girls! Who needs em!\" Lenny soon caught up to his two friends as they all trounced along through the loft, pushing past many Gremlins, neither of them saying a word to each other until George broke the silence by saying: \"Hey Angela, how was your mission with Gizmo yesterday?\" Lenny instantly went green with envy. \"Oh God! Not more bloody Gizmo!\" He thought. Angela only smiled at George as she explained: \"It was great! In fact, yesterday, Gizmo's guardians Billy and Kate invited me to the beach, along with Gizmo himself of course and you something, Gizmo is SUCH a daredevil, you know what he did while we were there?\" George only smirked jokingly. \"What? Kill someone?\" Angela only laughed at his answer. \"NO! He nearly killed himself!\" \" I'm actually surprised that he didn't, it would save a lot of problems here!\" Lenny thought, as he listened on to their conversation. George widened his eyes. \"Really?\" Angela nodded. \"Yeah. He wanted to have a go on a surfboard, so I ran to Billy and Kate; he could have multiplied or even died!\" Angela cried, her voice getting higher and more worried as she finished. George frowned as he crossed his arms at her. \"What made you save him?\" He asked firmly. Angela sighed before turning away from George. \"I don't know, but... something in me was saying that he wasn't a bad guy, he explained to me what happened between him and Stripe and the way he said it... it didn't sound made up or anything. It was like he was telling the truth, he even broke down right in front of me... it was so strange. Plus, he's so... so... cute.\" Lenny cringed at her last statement. Ever since Angela had started spying, all she talked about was Gizmo and it was making Lenny green with envy everytime she even mentioned his name and would always say GOOD things about him, no bad things what-so-ever and that's what hit Lenny hard in the heart, saying all the best things in the world about Gizmo and she had only known him for what... 2 days? And the Mogwai was already in her good books, when he had met Angela; it took him a good few days before they were completely friends but Gizmo... he was there like lightning, Angela had even called Gizmo an angel. But then, that's what Gizmo was... an angel from heaven without one single strike of hell in him, Gizmo was a good soul and Lenny sure knew that himself as soon as he, George and Mohawk had locked him in the air vent but Angela didn't know that... yet. \"But that's what he wants everyone to think Angela; he could turn on you at any time and stab you in the back.\" George exclaimed, as he tried to direct her down a different road. Angela sighed. \"Your right George but... he just seems so... innocent.\" Angela paused for a moment as she stared into space before turning round towards George and saying: \"I'm going to speak to Stripe about it, I don't know why but, I feel like I need to say something to Stripe about it.\" Angela then sighed to herself. \"I'll see you tonight George, you too Lenny!\" And with that, she left. Lenny then let out a big sigh. \"Yeah, see ya later Angie.\" He said, as he walked over to the nearest box and sat on it. George raised his eyebrows at Lenny as he watched him climb on the cardboard box and sit on it, with crossed legs and his head in his lap, his hands gripping some of his fur on his face, like he was ready to tear it out any second now, the thing that shocked George most was Lenny's eyes, they weren't the usual clumsy Lenny that he'd see in them, his eyes were actually... full of pure frustration and jealousy plus, the position that Lenny was doing on the box... it wasn't like him cause usually Lenny would dangle his legs free, his hands were usually placed innocently in his lap, it was like he was completely free but, this position... it was like he was scrunched up like a paper ball and tossed aside like the runt of the litter. \"Lenny... are you feeling ok?\" George asked, even though he felt like it was a stupid question to even ask. \"I'm fine George.\" Lenny replied firmly, as he kept himself in the scrunched position, not even looking at George who looked round in his eyes, they were still frozen with jealousy. George sighed. \"Lenny, come on, I know you second best to Angela, and I know something's up Lenny, this isn't like you so come-on Len, tell me, what's wrong?\" George demanded, as he kept his hands on his hips, waiting for Lenny's answer. Lenny let go of the fur on his face and looked straight at George, his eyebrows furrowing in anger and his maroon eyes glowing with envy. \"To tell you the truth George, it's Gizmo.\" George widened his eyes. \"What about him?\" \"Its Angela and the things she says about him it's always: 'Gizmo's such a cutie.' Or: 'Gizmo's an angel.' Or even the all new: \"Gizmo's SUCH a daredevil!' it's like she's in love with him George.\" Lenny replied, as he kept his eyes pinned on George, waving his arms about in envy as he explained the sayings, before finally going back to his scrunched position, minus the fur tearing. George only kept looking at Lenny with confusion. \"But what's that got to do with you?\" George asked, confused to what he actually meant. Lenny sighed. \"It's just that...\" Lenny paused for a moment before looking round the loft wearily and then turned back to George. \"I like Angie George, a lot and when Gizmo's in the picture it just makes me feel so... angry!\" Lenny then balled both of his fists together. \"It makes me so jealous and, it's haunting me George, its haunting me like hell, like after 2 days, BAM! She likes him! It wasn't like that with me though.\" Lenny then looked straight at George, his eyes sparkling in sadness. \"I love her George, more than anyone or anything and, with Gizmo there I feel like she's pushing me away. What should I do George, I feel so lost. I just don't know what to do anymore...\" George smiled as he climbed up on the box next to his best friend and wrapped his arm round him comfortingly. \"Oh Lenny, don't be like that, you can't give up cause of that stupid, no good Mogwai!\" Lenny looked up at George in shock, eyes widening. \"What?\" He cried. \"No! You're not giving up Lenny, if you like Angela you're going to have her! And no Gizmo is going to stop that! You need to show her that you love her Lenny, let all your energy out.\" George exclaimed, his free hand balling into a fist as he slammed it hard into the cardboard. \"Cause, I KNOW that she likes you for sure!\" Lenny smiled. \"Really?\" George nodded. \"Yeah, didn't you see the way she was with you earlier, couldn't get enough of you Lenny and you should ask her to the dance, y'know.\" Lenny widened his eyes as he slowly faced the wall ahead of him. \"Really?\" He asked. George let go of Lenny and crossed his arms. \"Lenny, she was practically begging you earlier to ask her, I could see it in her eyes, she loves you Len. Now why don't you stop being so nervous and go ask her already!\" laying his arm nearest to Lenny out, he instantly pushed Lenny off the box, causing him to stumble on his feet. Once he got his balance back, Lenny turned round and stared up at George defiantly. \"Alright! I will!\" Lenny proclaimed and with a spin in his step and his head held high, Lenny walked away, determined to find Angela and to ask her to the dance. \" I just hope she'll say yes...\" Lenny thought, as he walked onwards to the trap door, he knew that she'd be there... waiting... waiting for him. Stripe frowned as he crossed his arms impatiently at the Female Mogwai, whatever she wanted to see him about he just wanted to get it over with besides, Stripe felt as if he needed some space today. \"Alright Angela, make this quick! What is it that you want to speak to me about, ay? If it's about this prom then you can go and-\" \"No! It's not that... it's actually... about Gizmo.\" Angela replied, her tone going lower at Gizmo's name. Stripe widened his eyes at her, he was now interested. \"Go on.\" Angela sighed. \"It's just that... when me and Gizmo were at the beach yesterday... I interrogated him about what happened between you and him years ago and...\" Stripe kneeled down to her, keeping his eyes and ears alert at all times. \"What happened?\" The Gremlin leader asked, curious to where this was leading to. \"He broke down in tears right in front of me and when I said that like, you know that you told me that Gizmo put you up to the destruction of Kingston Falls... I said that like, someone must have put you up to it but...\" Angela then paused as she stared on at Stripe, his blood red eyes widening in fascination at her story. \"He shouted at me saying that you were a: 'Bad Gremlin.' And that it was: 'No lie.' He also went on about how you tried to kill him and his friends plus, he says that... he has nightmares of you coming back for him, trying to kill him... he just seemed so innocent Stripe, I...\" Stripe looked down at the floor, smirking for a moment as he thought: \" Gizmo's having nightmares huh? That's what I want; it's perfect... if he's proper breaking down at his nightmares just wait till he sees me for real! He'll have a right heart attack, probably even pass out! HA! But Angela... it sounds like she's on to me now... curse Gizmo's wimpyness! I'm gonna have to make up an excuse now, and I know just the thing!\" \"Stripe! Are you even listening to me?\" Angela yelled, as she stared on at Stripe, she saw that he was hanging his head down and it looked like he was deep in thought about something... \"I wonder what he's thinking about... something definitely isn't right here...\" Angela thought, as she looked on at the Gremlin leader, waiting for him to back up his case. Stripe slowly looked up at her, his face twisting in anger at her. \"I can't believe you Angie! Letting Gizmo trick you like that! I thought that you were better than this!\" Stripe yelled, his luminous red eyes glowing through the dim-lighted loft at her. Angela jumped in surprise as she put her hands on her chest where her heart was as if it was going to leap out of her fur any second now. \"But Stripe he seemed so convincing I- Stripe immediately stood up at his full stance, Gremlin claws on his hips, legs straight outwards, eyes glowing like disco lights at a party and his pearl white yet greasy streak of hair, sticking up like spikes which made the Gremlin leader seem even more frightening than before. \"He's trying to trick you Angie, can't you see that?\" Stripe shouted, as he bent back down, Gremlin claws now holding his knees as Stripe leaned closer to Angela, pressing his angry face against her scared one. Angela gulped, trying to contain her escaping terror. \"But Stripe, he was really crying, his eyes were proper blood-shot and- Stripe growled at her. \"I don't care! Gizmo can go to hell for all I care! He wants to look innocent but he's not, he's the devil Angie and that's NO LIE!\" Stripe shouted. Angela, for the first time ever, started to back away, she never knew that Stripe could be so... threatening. \"But Stripe, I... Stripe only turned his back on Angela, not facing her. \"You know what? I DON'T BLOODY CARE ANYMORE! You can do what you want with Gizmo for now, Play with him, kiss him, throw him down the drain, I DON'T CARE! BUT IF HE MENTIONS ONE THING ABOUT ME WRECKING HIS LIFE, YOU DON'T BEILIEVE HIM, UNDERSTAND? HUH? ANGELA?\" Stripe screamed, which practically made Angela's heart leap. Angela only nodded shakily. \"Y-Yes Stripe.\" Stripe only growled once again as he walked round Angela before stopping behind her, Stripe was actually enjoying this acting lark, he figured that he should do it more often cause with his talent it came in handy for later life after killing Gizmo. On the outside, he was feeling so angry because his so called 'abuser' was getting the upper hand but on the inside, a smirk was within, waiting to take over the Gremlin's face. \"You better go Angie because you got a mission to do and remember what I said, don't listen to anything Gizmo says to you about me cause you know, he'd lie to anyone.\" Stripe said, as he stared down at Angela who only kept her back to him, unmoving and not saying a word to his existence. The Gremlin leader only shrugged as he turned his back on her. \"See you tonight.\" He said flatly, before walking off into the loft. \"Bye...\" Angela muttered softly, as she looked down at the floor, unmoving, not even bothering to look back at Stripe, it didn't matter now; he was now far out of her reach anyway. Sighing to herself, Angela leaned down to the padlock which was locked on the inside of the loft and slotted out her extra long Mogwai claws on her right hand, whilst holding the padlock with the left hand and using her claw like a key once again, she twisted it round to the right which made it instantly click straight open. As soon as Angela finished twisting the padlock, she removed it from its place and went round to the other side of the trap door in order to open it up; she did so by grabbing a small handle and throwing it straight open, a bang instantly emitted as the door landed face first into the wooden floor. Angela only sighed to herself as she looked down into the Peltzer household, ready to jump downwards. \"ANGELA! WAIT!\" Angela immediately raised her head up to see Lenny on the opposite side of the trap door, panting hard as he held his knees with his hands, his maroon eyes sparkling up at her. Angela immediately ran to him. \"Lenny? Are you ok? What's the matter?\" Angela cried, as she hugged Lenny once again against her. Lenny only panted some more as he hugged her, trying to get his breath back before gently pulling her off him, smiling straight at Angela whilst holding her shoulders. Angela's face was still lit up by his entrance as she asked: \"Lenny? What are you doing here? Is something wrong?\" Lenny kept smiling as he slowly let go of her shoulders and took a step back from her, not saying a word as he kept his cool. Angela widened her eyes in confusion, stunned and curious about Lenny's actions. \"Lenny... you're starting to scare me...\" Angela stated, as she stared on at her best friend. The next thing Angela knew, Lenny slowly got down on one knee before reaching out one of his arms towards her, a gesture for her hand. Angela, though she was confused, instantly took it. \"You're not going to propose, are you Lenny?\" Angela joked, as she stared on at Lenny who only chuckled at her response. \"Nah, something even better that that!\" Lenny replied, as he gazed up into Angela's milk brown eyes. He then let out a sigh as he looked straight at her and asked: \"Angela, would you make me the happiest Mogwai in the world and go to the Gremlins dance with me?\" Angela was now speechless, she didn't know what to say but one thing was for sure, she longed for the day that Lenny would make a romantic gesture and now, here he was on one knee, asking her to dance with him, just like her fantasy. Immediately, Angela lunged at Lenny, which immediately made the two Mogwai fall to the ground, and as Angela was on top of Lenny, she immediately planted a soft kiss on his lips, which only made Lenny blush bright red. Angela smiled down at him as she replied: \"Oh Lenny, of course I'll go with you... thanks.\" Lenny only smiled back, the blush still on his cheeks. \"Anything for you Angie.\" The two Mogwai then rose from the ground as Angela then headed for the open trap door, and looked back at Lenny one last time. \"I gotta go Lenny, I'll see you tonight, k?\" And with those last words and a wink to Lenny, Angela jumped down into the Peltzer House, carrying on with her mission. As Angela left, Lenny felt a bubbly smile come across his face as he slowly got up. \"I can't believe it... she said yes!\" Lenny cheered, as he quickly walked away from the trap door, eager to tell George his big news and all his thoughts on no-one but Angela. But little did the two Mogwai know that someone was watching them, someone who disapproved of their relationship greatly. \"So Lenny and Angela are going to the dance together, huh? Unfortunately, as much as I'm fond of Lenny, I can't let that happen!\" The figure stepped out into the light, revealing no other than Stripe himself, grinning with all his glory. \"If I'm going to train Lenny to be just like me then I definitely won't need Angela in the way of my goals, I'm going to have to break their friendship... somehow.\" Stripe then stomped to the trap door, slammed it back over and walked into the darkness, a plan taking shape in his evil mind. Angela rushed about from room to room, trying to find Gizmo, she checked nearly everywhere on the upstairs floor because usually, Gizmo be's in one of the rooms waiting for her but it didn't seem that he was upstairs. Walking out of the bathroom, Angela looked ahead of her before yelling: \"GIZMO! WHERE ARE YOU?\" \"I'm down here!\" Angela ran to the stairs to see Gizmo himself, sitting on the bottom step, looking up at her with an open tin of spaghetti hoops in his hands, a small, silver spoon slowly sinking into the tomato orange quick sand as the warm, white smoke radiated through the air, out of its aluminium prison. \"Oh Gizmo, I didn't see you there.\" Angela said, as she made her way down to Gizmo, who had just spooned out a mouthful of spaghetti hoops before slowly putting it in his cute, button mouth, its tomato scent, radiating up Angela's nose. \"Oh, I've been here for a while.\" Gizmo laughed, as he spooned out yet another mouthful of hoops to his mouth. Angela looked around for a moment. \"Where's Billy and Kate?\" She asked. \"They've gone out shopping.\" Gizmo replied. \"I don't like shopping, it's so boring, makes you feel like dying on edge, so I stayed here besides, I have the TV all to myself now, I got a bit bored though so I just... sat here.\" The Angelic Mogwai then spooned out another spoonful of spaghetti hoops and offered it to Angela. \"Want some?\" Angela smiled. \"Sure. I am kind of hungry anyway.\" She replied, as she took the spoon from Gizmo and slowly put it in her mouth, Angela could feel her tongue tingle in happiness as its tomato and pasta taste flowed down her throat like a waterfall to a river. \"Nice.\" Angela commented, as she stuck her spoon back in its place. Gizmo only nodded. \"Glad you liked it.\" Angela sighed as she sat next to Gizmo on the bottom step, tonight was the BIG Gremlins Dance, it was also the night where Angela was going to let it all out to Lenny about how she felt, her talents, everything. And she wanted it to be nothing but perfection. The problem was, though, Angela was too nervous to let it out, especially her dancing as she had never done it in front of anybody or even on her own before, she preferred to do it with others but for Lenny, she would do some of it herself, to show him her true talents and feelings about him. But, to do that, she needed help, help to just let it all go and she knew just where to get it. She then turned towards Gizmo, who had now just finished his spaghetti hoops. \"Um, Gizmo?\" Gizmo looked up at her. \"Yeah Angela?\" \"Well, I need your help with something, you see, I'm going to a dance with someone and I want everything to be perfect since I want to show them my talent of dancing but... I don't know how to... you know, let it out and I figured that, since your my friend and all, maybe you could help me.\" Angela explained, as she stared on at Gizmo, hoping that he would provide something of use. Gizmo only smiled at her in happiness. \"That's cute Angela but, who's the guy you're going with, eh?\" Angela giggled. \"He's a close friend of mine Gizmo; he's everything to me, y'know.\" She whispered softly. Gizmo's dark chocolate eyes widened at her. \"That's sweet.\" He then paused as he jumped off the step. \"I have just the thing to help you, follow me.\" Gizmo then dashed down to the kitchen, his tin of spaghetti hoops still in hand. Angela slowly stepped off the bottom step before walking down to Gizmo, who had just finished putting his tin of Spaghetti in the bin before dashing into the living room, Angela quickly following. When they got there, Gizmo climbed up to the coffee table where a radio sat, he then looked at the wire, luckily for them it was already plugged in. Gizmo then smiled to himself as he pressed the on button and immediately, music started to play, Gizmo gasped as he clicked his fingers and started humming, he liked this song. Authors Note: This song that's on the radio above can be any song that you want it to be. Angela smiled as Gizmo started to dance, his clicks and steps in tact with the beat as he hummed to the song like a choir of angels. \"You like that song?\" Angela asked, as she smiled at how happy he was. Gizmo nodded. \"Yep, A lot. Come and join me Angie!\" Gizmo then held out his hand towards her, beckoning her to come to him. Angela gulped and immediately backed away, her nerves coming back to her. \"Gizmo... I can't... I'm too scared.\" Angela yelled in panic, as she gripped the fur on her opposite arms with the opposite hands. \"Don't worry Angela, it's just me and you now, just relax and let it all out.\" Gizmo comforted, as he held his hand out back to her, hoping that she'd change her mind and join him. Angela sighed as she felt her shoulders tense down and walked towards Gizmo, grabbing his hand as he pulled her up to the coffee table, the music still playing in the air, echoing off the walls like bouncy balls, the beat exploding in their Mogwai ears like fireworks, the chorus was now coming into play and Angela let out a deep breath, she was now going to do it, she was going to dance. \"Alright Angie, just do what I do.\" Gizmo advised, as he moved his arms round to the song that was playing, strutting his moves as he looked at Angela. \"You ready?\" Angela hesitantly nodded. \"Yep, I'm ready I guess.\" Gizmo smiled at her as he stopped for a moment, listening to the song as he waited for the perfect moment to dance, he then saw it coming as he stood still, ready to dance. \"Ok Angie, 3... 2... 1!\" Gizmo then started dancing again as he looked at Angela, who was hesitantly copying his actions, as they both danced on, the beat ringing in their ears as they went. Angela gasped at herself as she copied Gizmo's actions; his plan was actually working as Angela felt freer as she went, moving her arms and legs to the beat exactly like Gizmo, there steps both intact with each other. Angela looked over at Gizmo, who was also enjoying himself as they both spun round and moon walked back to their original position. \"Oh Gizmo, this is so much fun, I actually feel more... relaxed now... thankyou...\" Angela cheered, as she danced onwards. Gizmo smiled as he twirled round before saying: \"Anything for a friend.\" \"Thankyou...\" Angela whispered, Angela then looked at the floor and smirked, she felt it coming on now, her talents, she was finally prepared to let it out. \"WAHOO!\" Angela screamed, as she started to break dance on the coffee table. Gizmo almost fell off the table as he jumped in surprise at Angela's sudden break dance; his dark brown eyes looked like they were going to come out of their sockets as he kept his eyes on her. \"I never knew that Mogwai could break dance...\" Gizmo thought, as he carried on watching Angela. Angela then finished her dance and looked up at a shocked Gizmo. \"What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?\" Angela joked, as she giggled on at Gizmo, her eyes lighting up with excitement. Gizmo said nothing; all he could do now... was stare. \"You should have seen her George, she was really happy!\" Lenny exclaimed, as he recounted all of the details to his best friend. George smiled at his friend, whilst patting him tenderly on his back. \"Well done Lenny, I'm proud of you... y'know... I didn't even think you could do it.\" Lenny triumphantly smirked at George as he crossed his arms. \"HA! I proved you wrong then!\" Lenny countered snootily, before sticking out his tongue towards George. George lightly pushed his face to the side. \"Alright Lenny, you made your point.\" He said, as he crossed his arms himself. \"So, you and Angela are going to the prom?\" Lenny nodded. \"Yep, tonight.\" He replied. George only nodded, as both he and Lenny stared at the wall ahead of them. \"GEORGE! LENNY!\" George and Lenny both turned to the direction of the voice and saw Stripe coming towards them, a ginormus grin plastered across his face as he strolled towards them, his eyes full of evil as the joyful, crystal, glints made its disguise. \"Oh, hey Stripe.\" George said casually, as he leaned back into the wall sloppily, his bright blue eyes scanning the floorboards. \"Hi Stripe.\" Lenny said shyly, due to the fact that he was still purely afraid of the Gremlin leader. Stripe only grinned down at Lenny, keeping his cold blooded eyes pinned on the somewhat dumb Mogwai as he pulled out a pint of Lager, passing it down to Lenny in his direction. \"Here's a drink for you Len.\" Stripe offered, as he passed Lenny the glass of beer. Lenny widened his eyes at the glass, it was almost bigger than him, due to him being a Mogwai of course. Taking the glass with both hands out of Stripe's claw, Lenny slowly put the glass of beer in his lap, he was absolutely speechless... Stripe giving him beer? What the hell happened there? Lenny looked up at the Gremlin Leader, who was peering down at him and the glass of beer, that toothy grin still on Stripe's face. Lenny gulped as he tried to find the right words to say. \"Stripe... you didn't have to give me this beer, I- Stripe sat down against the wall near them and cut Lenny off. \"Ah, no need to thank me Len now, come here and sit next to ol' Stripey.\" Stripe then patted the wooden floor next to him, gesturing Lenny to come sit next to him. The Mogwai hesitantly did, shivering a little as he went, his buck teeth gripping his skin out of fear. Stripe immediately pulled out his glass of lager, which was exactly the same as Lenny's and held it out to the Mogwai. \"Cheers Lenny!\" Stripe declared, as he held down his glass of lager towards the Mogwai. Lenny gave Stripe a look that clearly said: 'What the hell?' but he went along with it as he pushed his lager to Stripe's. \"Cheers Stripe.\" Lenny replied, as he turned his head to George, who was looking down at him and Stripe in disbelief, eyes widened, his expression clearly asking: 'How?' Lenny could only shrug his shoulders at George, which told him that Lenny was just as confused as he was. Stripe lifted the pint of lager to his mouth as he drank it, chugging all the alcohol down in one go before getting the glass and slamming it down on the floor hard, the glass breaking on its impact. Lenny felt himself jump as he watched Stripe slam his glass down on the floor, now THAT made Lenny even more scared of Stripe, his small heart pounding in alarm. Lenny stared at the glass that Stripe just broke and started breathing heavily, the shivers and adrenaline radiating through his small, Mogwai body, George also spotted this and looked straight at Stripe, ready to say something if the Gremlin took a swing at Lenny but Stripe just sat there innocently, turning his head in all directions of the loft before finally looking back down at Lenny and grinned devilishly at the Mogwai before swinging his arm round his neck, pulling him closer to his leg. Lenny almost jumped out of his skin, as he pulled himself up Stripe's arm, trying not to get himself strangled as he struggled violently, trying to get a gasp of air out of him. \"How are you doing Len?\" Stripe asked, as he grinned down at Lenny, like nothing had happened just then. Lenny coughed as he finally managed to get into a comfortable position with Stripe's arm round him; he looked up at Stripe, giving him a frustrated look. \"I'm fine...\" Lenny muttered, as he looked up at the Gremlin. Stripe smirked. \"Good.\" The Gremlin whispered, as he stroked Lenny's soft fur. \"Lenny, I was wondering if you could do me a favour of some sorts.\" Lenny sighed at the white streaked Gremlin, his maroon eyes widening. \"What is it Stripe?\" He questioned. Stripe frowned and gritted his teeth at the question as he remembered the answer. \"Well, Angela is now on to me due to Gizmo being... SO GOSH DARN WIMPY and spilling his terror out, I want you to go down there to check on Angela, to see if she's eh, poisoned by the truth.\" Stripe explained angrily, one of his hands already balling into a fist at the thought of Gizmo. Lenny's jaw dropped. \" NO! Angela can't know the truth about me, about Stripe, she can't! Not when we're getting proper close together, maybe even more than friends! She can't, I'll lose her forever if she finds out!\" the Buck-toothed Mogwai thought frantically, as he stood up out of Stripe's arm, he then took a few steps forward, sipped his alcohol for a minute and turned to Stripe. \"I'll check for you Stripe, you have my word.\" Lenny declared bravely, as he looked into Stripe's evil blood red eyes and with those last words, he left for the trap door. Stripe smirked as he watched Lenny go, he then reached for what used to be Lenny's alcohol glass and started swigging the alcohol down his throat, George widened his eyes at Stripe as he drank the alcohol and once again slammed the glass on the floor, breaking it once again into many more pieces, just like a Mogwai multiplying of water. The Gremlin leader then slowly turned to George, his head twisting round like a robot, his eyes showing nothing but evil in them. \"You know George, you're really lucky to have Lenny as a friend.\" Stripe commented, as he grinned devilishly at the Mogwai. George raised his eyebrows. \"Yeah... because Lenny's a good person, he's decent and he never gives up on anyone.\" George explained firmly, as he stared on at the Gremlin, looking him straight in the eyes as he crossed his furry arms in confusion. Stripe kept his grin on, but his evil red eyes seemed to go wilder as he exclaimed: \"GOOD? He's better than good George, he's perfect, a diamond, my diamond and I'm guessing that he's your diamond too.\" Stripe then let out a demented cackle, making George widen his eyes in shock as he stood rooted to the spot, listening to Stripe's demented drones. \"But that's what I like about Lenny, a soft, cute little buck-toothed Mogwai on the outside but, on the inside, a Gremlin as tough as nails surely waiting to come out.\" Stripe then slowly stood up, his head spinning slightly due to drinking too much, so the Gremlin couldn't really walk straight as he turned to George and pointed a scaly finger in his direction, wobbling drunkenly in the process as his body swayed from left to right in a drunken daze. \"But... too bad that he soon won't be needing you George, he'll be having better friends, much better friends, because I see potential in Lenny, I see a lot of it but, I just can't seem to grasp it out of him but, it'll soon rip out of him like a bloody lightning rang before you can even blink, so you better watch your step George because soon, he won't be needing any friends. Have a nice bloody day!\" Stripe then slowly turned to leave, his drunken daze still upon him as he left George standing there in confusion. \"Stripe! Wait! What the hell do you mean?\" The Mogwai yelled, but it was no use as Stripe stumbled off, pushing through his Gremlin henchman and disappeared from George's sight, leaving the Mogwai alone in complete and utter disbelief. Angela panted heavily as yet another song ended; she then turned to Gizmo, who looked like he could dance forever as he jogged on the spot, waiting for the next song to play. \"Gizmo, I'm pooped, really, I'll just watch you dance now.\" Angela breathed out, as she looked at the ground, panting heavily still. Gizmo walked over to her and wrapped his arm round her back as she looked up at him. \"Please Angie! Join me for one more song! Please! You're a GREAT dancer!\" Gizmo begged, his big, cute, dark brown eyes glaring sadly at the Female Mogwai, hoping that she'd join him one more time. Angela panted a little as she looked at Gizmo's big, cute eyes. \"One more song?\" She panted some more. \"You promise?\" Gizmo let go of her as he clasped his hands together. \"Yes Angie, only one more, please?\" Gizmo's eyes then went out even wider, making him look as cute as ever, a small frown also taking shape on his delicate, small mouth. \"Please Angie.\" Gizmo begged, whilst doing one of the cutest faces that you could think of. Angela sighed as she looked at Gizmo, trying not to say the typical 'Awww...' as she looked on at the Mogwai, his cute eyes pulling her straight into his trap, Angela smiled at Gizmo before turning away for a few seconds and looking back at him, she couldn't even say no to that face. \"Alright Gizmo, I'll join you.\" Gizmo then immediately hugged her. \"Thanks Angie.\" Angela jumped in surprise as she slowly hugged him back, a sense of happiness tingling through her as she did. Gizmo also smiled as he hugged Angela close to him, he had never felt this happy before in a LONG time, he hummed to himself as he closed his eyes and nuzzled against Angela. The Female Mogwai shivered as Gizmo nuzzled her, her eyes widening in alarm. \"No! I can't carry this on! I'm already in love with Lenny! Snap out of it Angie! JUST SNAP OUT OF IT! HE'S A BAD MOGWAI!\" Angela thought mentally, as she pulled away from Gizmo, who looked somewhat surprised as she did. \"Ain't you supposed to be switching the station Gizmo?\" Angela questioned, as she tried not to look Gizmo straight in the eyes. Gizmo immediately let go of her and blushed instantly. \"Oh, sorry, er...\" Gizmo then hesitated before running over to the radio, trying to hide his blush in the process, as he pressed a button which immediately changed the station, music instantly emitted as Gizmo squealed in delight at the song, and started clicking his fingers again. Angela widened her eyes at the dancing Mogwai. \"You know that song?\" She questioned. Gizmo nodded, as he twirled round. \"It's my favourite!\" Gizmo danced for a bit, all steps and clicks intact with the beat. \"I heard it in the Clamp Centre Building once and I took to it like a magnet.\" The Mogwai explained, as he kept on dancing. Authors Note 2: the song here is the song from Gremlins 2, where Gizmo dances in front of the genetics people, if you want to know what the song is called its: I'm Ready By Fats Domino. ^^ Gizmo spun around once again before extending his arm out to Angela, beckoning her to dance with him. \"May I have this dance?\" Gizmo cooed, as he stared on at Angela, still giving her his cute look. Angela stood there speechless, at this point, she didn't even know what to do anymore, she then looked up at Gizmo, his cuteness pushing her towards him as she took his hand. \"Yes, you may.\" She replied quietly, as Gizmo then took her waist. \"It's not like Stripe will find out besides, it will prepare me for what I'm going to do with Lenny tonight.\" Angela thought, as she then took Gizmo's shoulder. The two Mogwai then held there free hands together as Gizmo then gave Angela a cheeky smile before turning his head to look straight ahead of him, and with a spring his step, Gizmo took off, his feet paddling across the coffee table as he and Angela waltzed across it, trying to keep up with the fast beat of the song. And within a flash, the two Mogwai waltzed back the way they came, keeping their eyes ahead of them. Gizmo then let go of Angela and immediately started to twirl her round like a tornado, not wasting his time as he swung her out in front of him, letting her twirl her way into his arms before letting her unwind out of them. He then grabbed Angela's waist once again as they both waltzed across the table again, keeping intact with the beat. \"Having fun Angie?\"Gizmo questioned, as he waltzed back with her to the radio. Angela smiled at him. \"Yeah, I am, in fact it's the most fun that I've had in years.\" She exclaimed. Gizmo grinned as he let go of her waist and got her into the twirling inwards position. \"Yeah, me too.\" He whispered. Angela kept her smile as she twirled into his arms. Lenny nervously looked round him as he jumped down from the loft, looking round wearily as he went, getting seen was the last thing he wanted right now. The buck-toothed Mogwai headed for the stairs and slowly stepped down them, being careful not to make the slightest noise and trying not to fall forward on his head as he went. When he got to the bottom, the Mogwai looked round, taking in the surroundings around him as he walked forward to the nearest door and opened it which was the closet, Lenny then shrugged as he closed it and started to walk forward. \"Oh Gizmo! DON'T! I'm ticklish!\" Lenny almost leapt out of his skin at the noise, he knew that voice well. \" Angela!\" Lenny thought, as he dashed forward to the living room, following the music as he went, he went just behind the door and slowly peeped in, careful not to be seen as he looked on at the scene before him. There was Gizmo, dancing his life out with Angela, twirling her round in circles, lifting her up and even tickling her for fun as they danced on with each other, seeming to compete with one another as they went, Gizmo's eyes full of cheekiness whilst Angela was full of life and vigor. Lenny growled as he watched them, Angela never done anything like that with him before and that was what made him jealous, how Gizmo was already in depth with her, how Gizmo got to her just like that with his 'Cute looks' and his: 'Heroic Deeds'. Lenny felt a churn in his stomach as he looked down at the floor heartbroken; it was like his body was breaking right there like a spell to the mind. \"Whoa Gizmo! Watch that you don't drop me!\" Angela yelled, as Gizmo lowered her down in front of him, his arm round her waist as she went, clinging to his neck for support. \"I'm trying not to; I'm just doing what comes to me.\" Gizmo said cheerily, as he looked straight into Angela's big, brownie eyes. Lenny clenched his teeth as he watched Gizmo lower Angela down, he looked straight at them, trying not to cry as he closed his eyes, trying to hold back the tears that were coming, he couldn't believe it, after all they had been through together, Angela had chosen Gizmo over him and he couldn't take it, not now, not ever, his heart was forever broken. He rubbed his eyes, cleaning out all the tears that were rushing at him like cannon balls, he wiped them on one his arms and snorted, his nose felt like it was going to run any second now. He then looked back at Angela, who looked like she'd seen him judging by her wide eyes and sudden gasp, he heard her call out to him but Lenny didn't look back. Instead, he turned round and ran for it, back up the stairs, going as fast as he could, not stopping for anything or anyone as he climbed back into the loft and slammed the trap door over, not caring how hard he slammed it, just along as he was away from those two below him, that was all he wanted. Right now, all Lenny wanted to do, was be alone and let all his emotions out because now... he was purely, utterly... heartbroken. Angela gasped when she saw her crush watching them. \"LENNY!\" Angela screamed, as she tried to break out of Gizmo's grip. But it was already too late as Lenny just suddenly vanished right in front of her eyes. Gizmo let go of Angela and she dashed for the door, peeping round it in alarm, searching for her long-time friend as she walked out, dashing everywhere on the downstairs floor. Gizmo watched her in confusion, eyes widening at Angela as she slammed the closet door back over again and started to take deep breaths to herself, as she looked up at the ceiling, trying to figure out if that was really Lenny, Angela figured that she might of just been seeing things but to her... he just looked so real especially with his cerulean tears spilling from his eyes and the snot escaping from his nostrils, he couldn't be a vision, could he? Gizmo frowned at Angela; he didn't like seeing her this way as he cared about her deeply, more than he did anyone else. \"Angela, are you ok? Is something wrong?\" Gizmo asked, as he stared on at her. Angela slowly turned back at him and sighed. \"It's nothing Gizmo, I just... thought I saw someone, I was probably just seeing things.\" Angela comforted, but she just couldn't help but have second thoughts. 9 hours later... The Peltzer loft radiated with energy as music boomed throughout the loft loudly, setting off a party vibe to it as many Gremlins were already on the dance floor, dancing their hearts out to the funky beats, manic grins on their scaly faces as they did but not without getting up to their usual mischief tactics of course. Many things were also flung from pillar to post such as bottles of strong tasting beer, delicate wines and bowls of food such as prawn crackers and sweet and sour popcorn which some Gremlins would use to fling at their enemies. Radiations of beer, popcorn, sweat, blood and dust flowed through the air, stinking up the loft to an extent, but it wasn't like anyone cared anyway. The disco lights pulled faces at the mayhem below them as they changed their emotions repeatedly on how the felt, from a cheerful sunshine yellow to a dangerous, fiery red and then to a royal, pampering purple. The music suddenly changed, which made the Gremlins below cackle in glee as they danced round, moving their heads and body's to the beat rather mischievously and at the top of the loft, on the karaoke, singing his heart out was no other than the Brain Gremlin himself, who was practically singing (It can be any song you want.) loud over all the laughter and the glass breaking but yet, Brain still had the talent, no matter what the conditions were, as he carried on, his eyes full of excitement as he sang, not missing a note as he let it all out, having a great time mind you though, in a civilised manner, memorising the lyrics in his head, his top hat, scruffy look and mysterious cloak still intact as he grinned down at the dancing Gremlins below him, having the time of his life on the microphone, his Gremlin band behind him one Gremlin playing an electric guitar while the other was playing the drums. But basically, the Gremlins were having the time of their life, getting up to their usual tricks of the trade. The same however, could not be said for the Gremlin leader, Stripe, who had only just woken up from his drunken faint. \"UH! Jesus Christ!\" Stripe moaned, as he sat up from the blanket that he was wrapped up in, Stripe rubbed his eyes tiredly before looking behind him, there was also a fluffy pillow with him too and he didn't even remember getting a fluffy pillow, a blanket and falling asleep, all Stripe could remember was talking to George and Lenny and then a few hours later falling straight on his face in some sort of daze, Greta screaming his name as he fainted, but that was all the Gremlin leader could remember. \"HOW THE BLOODY HELL DID I END UP OVER HERE!\" Stripe shouted, frustrated that he couldn't remember anything that happened earlier. One of the Gremlins, who was actually at the cards table nearest to him, turned round and grinned down at Stripe, showing off his devilish teeth. \"Well you're scariness; I see that you're awake.\" The Gremlin said, as he grinned at his leader. Stripe slowly stood up and growled at the Gremlin's stupidity. \"Of course I'm awake Ray, why else would I be moving around, huh?\" Another Gremlin, who was at the table decided to make a comment. \"Unless you were sleep- The Gremlin was then cut off, as Stripe gave him a death glare. Not wanting the Gremlin leader to kill him, the Gremlin just shivered: \"Not that you will sleep walk, my lord.\" Stripe sat down next to the Gremlin called 'Ray.' and asked: \"How the hell did I end up over there? I can't remember what happened cause right now my belly's churning still and my head's going round and round.\" Ray only smirked as he reached for his glass of beer. \"You were drunk, your evilness.\" Ray replied, before chugging the beer down his throat. Stripe widened his eyes at Ray in shock. \"DRUNK!\" He shrieked, as he stretched his arms out towards Ray, ready to randomly strangle the Gremlin if he felt it was needed. The other Gremlin nodded. \"Yeah. You were just stumbling round in some sort of daze and you looked kinda pale, the next thing we knew, you fell flat on your face, we tried to stir you but you were passed out, Greta was screaming your name like God knows what...\" The Gremlin paused as he rubbed his head sheepishly. \"So out of pure Love, Greta set up the pillow and blanket for you until you awoke. She even carried you over there, she did, wouldn't leave you for a second until she decided that she had to have some space.\" Stripe felt his ears bend down as he took the information in. \"Thanks for the info Trevor, how long was I out?\" Stripe questioned. Trevor grinned. \"About 3 hours.\" The Gremlin leader gasped. \"WHAT!\" Stripe then sighed. \"Bloody hell...\" He muttered, as he rubbed his head. Ray puffed on a cigarette as he turned to Stripe, a toothy grin still on his face. \"So your gnarlyness, you playing black jack with us tonight?\" But the Gremlin leader ignored the question as something else took his eye or should I say... someone, right in front of Stripe, on the opposite side of the room was Greta however, she wasn't full of cheer like she used to be. Instead, she just sat against the wall, completely demoralised to everything around her, her head down like a headless zombie, her slender Gremlin legs up against her like needles to the skin, she practically looked like the walking dead. Stripe smirked to himself as he stood up out of his chair and walked straight over to her, leaving the Gremlins known as 'Ray.' And 'Trevor.' Sitting there completely baffled. While he was gone, Trevor leaned over at Ray and said: \"I can't believe Master Stripe actually likes her.\" Ray nodded in agreement. \"I know, cause to me, she looks like a right pig!\" And with that said, the two Gremlins instantly burst out laughing. Stripe strolled over to Greta and sat up against the wall next to her. \"Hey.\" Stripe said, just to get her attention. Greta immediately looked up and smiled, her eyes suddenly full of happiness. \"STRIPEY!\" She screamed, as she instantly hugged the Gremlin against her. \"I'M SO GLAD THAT YOUR OK! I THOUGHT I LOST YOU AGAIN!\" Greta shrieked, as tears splashed down her face at the joy that she was feeling. Stripe couldn't breathe, due to being crushed by Greta's bear-hug. \"Greta I- *Breathe.* wasn't gonna die- *Breathe.* I was just- *Breathe.* DRUNK! Can't- *Breathe* Breathe Greta- *Breathe.* Squeezing me- *Breathe.* Too tight-*Breathe.*\" Stripe managed to say, before Greta finally let him go for which then Stripe gave out a big sigh to himself. \"You want to be careful with those hugs Greta, cause one day you'll make me pass out, which I was close to doing just then.\" Stripe whined, as crossed his arms. Greta only put her head against his body and nuzzled against his forest green Gremlin scales, closing her eyes as she stretched out to his muscular Gremlin body. \"I'm sorry Stripey, I was just worried about you, I thought you were going to die...\" Greta then paused as she looked up at Stripe, who had his arms relaxing against the wall behind his head. \"I love you Stripe... you know.\" Stripe looked down at her and smiled, releasing his arms from the wall and wrapping one around Greta's back and the other touching one of her green curls as he fiddled round with it, pulling Greta closer to his chest. \"Oh Greta, it's ok babe, I know that you were just looking out for me.\" Stripe then looked straight ahead of him. \"By the way, thanks for your hospitality Greta, you kind of saved me... thanks babe.\" The Gremlin leader then kissed her head, which made Greta blush immensely. For a moment, they both just sat there, listening to the beating music around them and taking in their surroundings, Greta snuggling into Stripe's chest, looking like she was about go to sleep any second, and Stripe, smirking like the leader he was, he then looked down at his lover and grinned. \"Greta, we need to talk about something.\" Stripe said firmly, as he looked down at Greta. Greta looked up at him. \"About what happened earlier?\" Stripe nodded. \"Yes.\" Greta smiled. \"Alright Stripey, say what you've got to say. I'm ready.\" Lenny and Angela smiled as they watched the Gremlins on the dance floor boogie to the 'Macarena.' Brain leading the way of course, showing the Gremlins how it was done as he spun round, the disco lights instantly grinning at the Einstein Gremlin with a seductive hot pink coming his way. Lenny looked over at Angela, who was practically laughing as a Gremlin toppled into another, causing a domino rally and Brain was immediately shouting at them in annoyance, telling them how 'Uncivilised.' It was to fall during the Macarena. Ever since his brief heartbreak, Lenny thought that he should give Angela another chance as she and Gizmo never got too passionate with each other whilst dancing, he never told her what he saw though so Angela just assumed that it was all good between them, she even asked him a few unsettling questions after she delivered the food to Brain to spread out which Lenny just managed to get through, he knew that she'd saw him, Angela just wasn't 100% though, Lenny was alright with Angela, at least, for now. If he heard one, just one, thing, about Gizmo... that was it. \"Hey Lenny, shall we go join in with the Cha-cha slide?\" Angela paused, as she pointed to Brain and the Gremlins, who had just started dancing. \"We could go on either sides of Brain.\" The Female Mogwai suggested. Lenny just shook his head. \"I don't really want to Angie; you can if you want to though.\" Angela frowned at Lenny as she touched his forehead. \"Are you sure you're alright Lenny, you're not coming down with a fever are you?\" Angela asked. Lenny instantly smacked her hand away. \"I'm fine!\" He growled. Angela widened her eyes; she had never seen this side of Lenny before. \"Alright... no need to be all angry on me.\" She snapped, before walking towards the dance floor and joining Brain's side. Lenny sighed as he covered his eyes with one of his hands, he was going to have to keep his temper under control if he wanted a good night with Angela I mean, and he worked hard for it, right? And he couldn't let tonight go to waste so he just had to, forget about what he saw, keep his temper under control and focus on having a good night. \"I mean, this may be my only opportunity to make Angie mine so... what have I got to lose?\" Lenny thought, as he watched Brain and Angela lead the pack of dancing Gremlins through more steps of the cha-cha slide. With those words in mind, Lenny dashed to the dance floor and went to the free side of Brain, dancing to the Cha-cha slide as he went. Angela's face instantly lit up when she saw him. \"LENNY!\" Angela cheered, as she danced whilst looking round at him. \"What happened?\" Lenny grinned. \"I changed my mind.\" Angela just gave him a warm smile while Brain managed to kneel down to Lenny and hold out his hand before saying: \"Good Choice lad, HI-FIVE!\" Lenny instantly hi-fived Brain before the three of them went back to leading the pack of Gremlins through the Cha-cha slide, the emotions of the disco lights, vibrantly changing. After finishing the Cha-cha slide, Brain immediately dashed to the microphone and ordered all the Gremlins to clear out from the floor which they all immediately did... after having the speakers turned up to hurt their ears so badly, one even ended up passing out because of the sound which then, 2 Gremlins had to come along with nurse hats and a stretcher to carry the Gremlin away from the booming music. Brain tapped his microphone to see if it was in sync and when he knew it was, he started his announcement. \"Gremlins, tonight were having this party for a reason, of course it's the night of the Gremlins dance.\" He then swished his cloak round him, making himself look mysterious. \"Hosted by yours truly.\"Brain then grinned as he pulled the top hat forward before shouting: \"Gremlins, welcome to the Gremlins dance, your free to do what you want though and what not. First up, is... Lenny and Angela!\" Angela squealed loudly as she gripped Lenny's arm tightly. \"IT'S US LENNY! WERE FIRST!\" She screamed, as she dragged Lenny forward to the floor. \"Hey! Angie! Not so fast!\" Lenny yelled, as he was dragged forward by an excited Angela as they pushed past about 3 or 4 Gremlins before finally making it to the floor. Brain turned to the Gremlin controlling the music and said: \"Cue the song!\" Instantly, the Gremlin pushed a button and a song blasted out from the radio (Once again, any song you want.) and Lenny instantly gulped as he took Angela's waist while she took his shoulder, Lenny then instantly started shivering, as soon as the song started, his legs wobbling like a plate of jelly and his heart pounding more than the speakers but he soon calmed down as Angela slowly nuzzled him, leaned to his ear and whispered: \"We'll be fine, just dance and go with the flow.\" Lenny only nodded as he and Angela intertwined hands at the end and started to waltz across the floor, the two Mogwai keeping their eyes ahead of them, trying to keep up with the beats of the song as they went, Lenny then lifted Angela up round in a circle before dropping her gently and once again, and just like she did with Gizmo, Angela showed off one of her own moves on the dance floor which shocked Lenny, Brain and the Gremlins who were actually watching the dance, Lenny finally grabbed her hand and twirled her outwards, which then Angela twirled into his arms before going out again. Lenny and Angela then strutted a few moves on their own before going back to the waltz position and started to go round in a square again and they waltzed round, the booming music ringing their ears and the disco lights watching them both like a hawk as they stamped across, trying to keep up with the beat as they waltzed. As they waltzed onwards, Lenny took the liberty to speak out. \"Angie, why didn't you tell me about your dancing talent?\" Lenny asked over the shouting music and the Gremlin mayhem. Angela's milk brown eyes reverted upwards to Lenny as she waltzed along with him but, there waltz was slightly more... elegant than when she did it with Gizmo. \"Because I was scared Lenny, I was scared of what you'd think...\" Angela replied quietly, enough for Lenny to hear. Lenny smiled down at her. \"Well, you know your dancing talent; I think it's beautiful, just like you.\" Angela immediately blushed immensely like a beetroot. \"Why, thankyou Lenny.\"Angela whispered, as she snuggled her head down on his chest. Lenny then swung Angela out in front of him. \"I must say Angie; I'm having a great night, I just don't want it to end.\" Lenny said, as he watched Angela twirl into his arms. Angela nuzzled him and sighed, her head sinking into his fluffy white belly, her milk brown eyes slowly closing. \"Yep, and it's all thanks to Gizmo.\" As soon as Lenny heard: 'Gizmo.' He instantly let go of Angela and looked her straight in the eyes, a frown growing on his face as he did, his maroon eyes full of anger. \"What do ya mean 'thanks to Gizmo?' I was the one that asked you to the dance!\" Lenny exclaimed, as his eyebrows narrowed. Angela only smiled. \"He helped me Lenny; he helped me prepare for the dance.\" She replied. Lenny growled as he took one step towards Angela, practically towering over her, with clenched teeth and eyes full of pure hatred. \"YEAH? BY WHAT? DRAGGING YOU ACROSS HIS COFFEE TABLE, YEAH! SOME PREPARING!\" Lenny shrieked, as he glared down at down at the Female Mogwai. Angela was so scared out of her wits that she fell back on to the floor, a scared look in her eyes as Lenny's giant, dismal shadow towered over her, making her seem puny to him. \"What do you- Angela then knew what he meant as she cut herself off and realization was slowly sinking in. \"You saw us, didn't you?\" Lenny nodded. \"Yeah, I saw you alright and Gizmo, he had his dirty paws all over you, wouldn't leave you alone!\" Lenny balled his hands into fists as he walked towards her, full of anger, his maroon eyes darkening as he marched forward, a glint of jealousy trapped in the ridge. \"I can't believe you Angela! After what we've went through together, you choose that bloody traitor over me and if I didn't know anything, it looked like that you liked Gizmo and that, he liked you, a lot to be precise, ay, Angie?\" Angela slowly stood up, unmoving from Lenny's gaze as he gritted his teeth at her, growling just like a grizzly bear, part of her told her that this was coming and now she was going to have to fight her way out of Lenny's dog house. \"Lenny, let me tell you this now, it wasn't what it looked like, me and Gizmo, we were having fun you know, like friends do, it was the most fun I had in years, I told him about the dance... he was happy for me.\" Lenny just held his gaze at Angela, his eyes still full of rage, anger and jealousy. \"SO WHAT? YOU THOUGHT THAT YOU'D DANCE WITH HIM? THE WAY HE WAS LEANING DOWN AT YOU, IT LOOKED LIKE HE WAS GOING TO KISS YOU, ANGELA, HE'S THE BLOODY ENEMY, HE NOT ONLY ABUSED STRIPE, BUT ME TOO AND IF ANY BONE IN YOUR BODY CARED, YOU WOULDN'T OF DANCED WITH THAT RAT!\" Angela hung her head down as she tried to fight the tears that was bubbling up like lava in a volcano but she just couldn't, she just had to let them erupt, holding them in was useless, she knew that to as she looked up at Lenny, her eyes blood-shot and stinging like hell whilst cerulean tears ran down her cream and white face. \"I DO CARE LENNY, I CARE ABOUT YOU MORE THAN ANYONE BUT, GIZMO JUST SEEMS SO INNOCENT, I ASKED HIM ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH STRIPE, HE BROKE DOWN SO BADLY THAT... IT SEEMED LIKE HE WAS TELLING THE TRUTH, I'M NOT SAYING THAT HE IS BUT HE JUST SEEMS TOO INNOCENT AND CUTE TO BE LYING!\" Lenny crossed his arms as he kept his eyes on Angela. \"SEE ANGELA? THERE YOU GO AGAIN, RAMBLING ON ABOUT GIZMO ALL THE BLOODY TIME, EVER SINCE YOU STARTED SPYING FOR STRIPE ALL YOU'VE EVER TALKED TO ME ABOUT IS THAT BLOODY MOGWAI, HE MAY LOOK CUTE ANGELA BUT HE'S NO ANGEL AND YOU KNOW SOMETHING? I'M JUST SURPRISED THAT YOU HAVEN'T BETRAYED US YET!\" Angela then gritted her teeth before slapping Lenny hard across his face, which instantly made Lenny turn round as he clutched where Angela had slapped him, tears were now escaping from his eyelids as he realised what they were coming to. For a minute, both the Mogwai were just frozen to the spot until Angela widened her eyes at Lenny, realising what she'd just done. \"LENNY! OH GOD! I'M SO SORRY!\" Angela shrieked, as she ran over to Lenny, who still had his back turned to her. Slowly, Lenny turned round to look at her, one hand still clutching his cheek, tears rolling down his face like snowballs on a hill, his maroon eyes no longer full of anger, replacing it was a great sadness, the glint of jealousy however, was still encased in the buck-toothed Mogwai's eyes. \"You know something Angie? I ain't backing you up no more, because I'm no longer your friend!\" Lenny yelled. And with those words said, Lenny instantly turned round and walked away from the dance floor, stomping off and pushing past many Gremlins, not caring where he was going, all he wanted now was to be as far from Angela as possible. Angela went to dash after him. \"NO! LENNY! PLEASE!\" She screamed, as she dashed forward to the Gremlin pile that Lenny went past but she was instantly stopped when George grabbed her round her waist, trying to stop her from going any further and the Female Mogwai instantly spotted him. \"GEORGE! LET GO OF ME!\" Angela shrieked, as she tried to get out of George's grasp. \"Angela, just karm down, I saw everything and I'll talk to Lenny in the morning, for now, just leave him be.\" George demanded, as he turned round, dragging Angela in tow with him from the dance floor. Angela just nodded, new tears still forming at the thought of Lenny. \"Yeah, I guess your right George.\" Angela whispered, as she walked off with George. As Brain watched the two Mogwai leave, he turned round to a Gremlin who was holding an electric guitar and asked: \"Is that how proms are usually ran?\" The Gremlin gave him a weird look. \"No.\" He replied. Brain nodded. \"Just checking, I need to know since I've never hosted one before.\" \"And he says that he's smart...\" The Gremlin muttered, as he checked out the strings on his Electric guitar. \"So what I'm saying is, I'm sorry Greta, it's just that, Brain had me at my limits earlier and Gizmo's still bloody alive and then Brain's there with his wise-cracks and his hocus-pocus and saying that I'm un bloody civilised every ten flaming- Greta immediately put a finger to the Gremlin Leader's lips, making him cut off his sentence. \"Shhh... its ok Stripey.\" Greta cooed, as she felt his muscular chest with her claws. \"You're just stressed is all, you just need to relax.\" Stripe smirked. \"Luckily though, your here to cleanse my anger, your beauty is all I need to calm down.\" Greta could only smile at her lover as they both stood up from there seating positions, a smirk on Stripe's face while Greta had a ginormus smile across her lips and as Stripe pushed some of Greta's fringe to the side all they did was stare into each other's eyes until Stripe broke the gaze and he grabbed Greta's hands and held them in his. \"Greta, I have to ask you something.\" Stripe cooed, as he looked into her big, lilac eyes. Greta's heart leapt as her smile got bigger. \"What is it Stripey?\" She asked, eager to know what her lover was about to ask her. Stripe kept his smirk on. \"Greta, will you go to the Gremlins Dance with me?\" Greta squealed happily as she immediately hugged Stripe in another one of her bear-hugs. \"YES STRIPEY! OF COURSE I'LL GO WITH YOU!\" Greta squealed, and as she hugged Stripe she gave him a great, big kiss on his cheek which made the Gremlin Leader grin even more seductively than before. \"Then what are we waiting for?\" Stripe yelled, as he grabbed Greta in his arms bridal style. Greta gave out a cheerful yelp as Stripe whisked her up from the ground. \"OH STRIPEY! YOU BAD BOY!\" Stripe grinned down at her, his red eyes glowing with excitement. \"What? I'm just escorting my lady to the dance floor!\" Stripe's eyes then froze as he saw Lenny stomp past them, full of pure rage. \"Hey Len! Are you alright? LENNY!\" Stripe yelled. But Lenny didn't answer, he just kept moving, not even looking at them as he stomped to the darkest part of the loft. Greta spotted her Lover's concern and looked up at him. \"Don't worry about him Stripey; he'll be fine after a bit of space.\" Greta comforted, as Stripe kept his eyes locked on Lenny. After the Mogwai was out of sight, Stripe looked back at Greta and nodded before walking through the Gremlin crowd until he was close enough to the dance floor before looking at Brain and yelling: \"HEY BRAIN! PUT ON ANOTHER GOD DAMN SONG CAUSE ME AND GRETA ARE COMING ON THE DANCE FLOOR!\" Brain sighed as he walked over to the speakers and turned on the music. \"Oh dear God!\" The Einstein Gremlin muttered to himself. \"I bet you viewers don't have to deal with uncivilised beings and if you do well, there nothing compared to Stripe and Greta I mean, ever since them two got together the whole loft has been on the blink of time itself, Gremlins having no manners, no order, it's unbelievable I'm telling you I mean, a fly could do a better job at ruling this loft than those two and sometimes... I JUST FEEL LIKE I'M SURROUNDED BY NO-ONE BUT BLOODY IDIOTS!\" Brain then looked back at Stripe and Greta, who were practically dancing their hearts out, Stripe with a rose in his mouth throughout the dance. Brain let out a groggy sigh as he muttered: \"So Uncivilised.\" For one last time before throwing the hat and cloak to the side, and walking off. \"I've had enough of this! I'm going to bed!\" Brain said to himself, as he walked off, trying to find the nearest blanket to sleep under for the night. Stripe grinned happily as he danced on the floor with Greta as he twirled her round like a ballerina before letting her go outwards, keeping up with the beat of the music as he danced (One more time, any song.) The Gremlin leader felt on top of the world as he danced, his plan to break Lenny and Angela up worked out successful all he needed to do now, was convince Lenny to join his gang, up to the big leagues besides, Stripe figured that someone like Lenny was an excellent addition to his gang, especially as the buck-toothed Mogwai didn't look the part, he would talk to Lenny later, all he wanted to do now was dance with Greta and as he rested his head on Greta's shoulder for their slow dance, he closed his eyes and smiled, glad that things were going well for himself. Lenny walked and walked until he couldn't walk anymore and as soon as he got to a corner of the loft, he instantly collapsed to the ground and let all his tears out, his nose snorting like a pig as snot trickled its way down his skin, Lenny instantly wiped his nose, clearing the snot out of his nose before crying some more and even wailing loudly, the buck-toothed Mogwai only wailed and wailed until his throat got dry which instantly made him cough for a moment or so before looking up ahead of him by doing this, Lenny saw that he was looking into a mirror, the buck-toothed Mogwai had looked in many mirrors before in his time. But this one... it seemed to have something that the others didn't have but it just couldn't be explained as Lenny walked forward to the mirror, looking at himself in such a monstrous state, his eyes were completely blood-shot and watery, his maroon eyes had a pang of sadness while the glint of jealousy was now replaced with a glint of depression, his fur never had that shine like it use to instead, it was soaked with wet tears and snot, making his three-toned fur look slightly greasy, his ears were drooped and slightly dusty and his skin was just purely snot-stained, he practically looked like the boogie man, only, with a slight change of appearance. Lenny sighed as he put one hand against the mirror and stared at himself. \"Wow Lenny... you don't half look terrible...\" The Mogwai said to himself, as he looked at the state he was in. For a moment, all Lenny did was stare into the depths of the mirror when suddenly, his reflection started to fade, Lenny's eyes widened as he watched his Mogwai reflection fade and in its place, stood a brown blob, which soon turned into something that Lenny did not expect: A Gremlin. But this Gremlin wasn't an ordinary Gremlin; this one was far from a new face. Its skin was light brown and all over the skin, except for the chest were black spots which covered the Gremlins arms and legs, leaving the rest of the body blank, its ears had small black stripes at the ridges and the odd black spot here and there, the Gremlin also had bright, dark orange eyes, which seemed to shine out even in the darkest of places but what stood out on this Gremlin the most... was the buck teeth, that were exactly, like Lenny's. Lenny widened his eyes at the reflection and started to back away, he knew this reflection well, this... was his Gremlin form, the form that he never wanted to go back to as far as he was concerned. \"No! Not now!\" Lenny shouted, as he hung his head down and held some of his fur with his fists. The Gremlin let out its trademark donkey laugh as it stayed in the mirror, seeming to speak to Lenny as it pushed its scaly hands forward towards the glass, trying to bust out of its contained prison. Lenny could only gasp as he stared at one of his previous forms, he wanted to run but it seemed that curiosity kept him frozen to the spot as he took a step forward to the mirror, to the Gremlin, and that's when Lenny felt a sharp pain in his head and not only that but he felt like something was there... something was talking... to him. \" Eat after midnight Lenny! You know you want to!\" The voice whispered, the words poisoning his brain. Lenny slowly lifted his head up to the mirror, the Gremlin was staring at him with an evil expression, the Mogwai gulped as he then realised what was talking to him. \"No! I won't! I vowed to myself that I'll never be a Gremlin again! Besides, what will it do for me?\" Lenny screamed, trying to be as forceful as possible but it came out more scared-like. The Gremlin drew back from its glass container before smirking down at the Mogwai, crossing its arms in a cool way, its wild, orange eyes gleaming with nothing but evil in them. \" Oh, it will do a lot for you Lenny for one, you can get that Angela where it hurts I mean, you loved her, right? And how did she treat you in return? Ay? She dumped you for that no-good Gizmo! And another thing, Mohawk always used to push you around, didn't he? Well, if you eat after midnight, you can get revenge for all that bullying besides, he'll be smaller than you anyway.\" Lenny's jaw dropped as he processed all the information that was being said, this Gremlin was giving him a chance to let all his anger out but as much as he wanted to, he couldn't besides; he still cared for Angela, even if they did break up a few minutes ago. \"My answer is still no!\" Lenny yelled to the mirror. His response instantly came when he felt a cackling sensation in his head. Alarmed, Lenny instantly held his head, trying to block out the Gremlin's whispering, donkey voice. The Gremlin's eyebrows instantly narrowed and his wild, orange eyes glowed with anger. \"WHAT ABOUT GIZMO? AY? DON'T YOU WANT TO KILL HIM, MAKE HIM PAY FOR WHAT HE'S DONE TO YOU? AY? And another thing, Stripe's taking a great likeness to us Lenny, as were the same being, you'll be up in his top ranks soon, you and him, you'll be unstoppable and if that Gremlin ever does double cross you, you'll be able to take him out... that is, if you're a Gremlin.\" Lenny just stared at his Gremlin reflection, seemingly unable to escape its mercy, this time though, the Gremlin seemed to have a point, especially with the bit about killing Gizmo, and it was something Lenny wanted to do now more than anything. But still, Lenny felt that turning into a Gremlin wouldn't solve his problems, it would only cause more trouble for him. \"As much as I want to kill Gizmo, my answer's still no.\" Lenny said firmly, as he looked his Gremlin counterpart straight in the eyes. The Gremlin immediately growled in anger as it banged on the glass, trying to get out of its imprisonment, which scared Lenny greatly, causing the Mogwai to immediately back away. \" YOU WEAK LITTLE MOGWAI! How can you not see that turning into me will solve your problems, ay? I mean, you turned into me at the Clamp Centre Building!\" Lenny immediately stopped dead. \"I know, but that was different, I never want to be a Gremlin again as far as I'm concerned.\" The Gremlin gritted its human-like teeth as it banged on the glass, trying to break out of the glass imprisonment, screaming out loud like a donkey before glaring down at Lenny, giving him a look of pure hatred. \" YOU MAY WANT TO BE A MOGWAI NOW BUT MARK MY WORDS PARTNER, YOU'LL LET ME OUT ONE DAY, ONE DAY, YOU WILL LET ME OUT! RAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGH!\" Lenny was purely frozen to the spot as he watched his Gremlin counterpart smash his way against the mirror, seemingly trying to break out of it, screaming like a donkey as it went. Lenny was absolutely terrified as he stood there; watching his counterpart, his maroon eyes full of fear, his whole body felt like jelly and his heart was beating more rapidly than a Chinese gong. Lenny felt a churn in his stomach again and as fast as lightning, Lenny started to reverse, keeping his eyes on the mirror as he did, the buck-toothed Mogwai kept reversing until he felt something come into contact with his back, something bigger than him. Lenny gulped, he knew what it was and as soon as he turned round, he closed his eyes and screamed as he prepared for the worst. \"Whoa! Karm down Len! It's just me!\" Lenny immediately stopped screaming and opened his eyes to see that it was just Stripe, who was standing there with a confused look on his face with his arms crossed. Knowing that he was safe, Lenny sighed before looking back at the mirror which no longer held his Gremlin reflection, all he could see now was himself and Stripe. Stripe widened his eyes at the buck toothed Mogwai, who kept his eyes on the mirror ahead of him, unmoving. \"Lenny, are you ok? You look like you've seen a ghost.\" Stripe commented, as he looked down at the Mogwai. Lenny looked up at him. \"Stripe, you don't want to know...\" He replied, before sitting on his bum and looking back into the mirror. Stripe sighed to himself before joining Lenny at the mirror by sitting next him and for a moment, all Lenny and Stripe did was look into the depths of the mirror. \"Lenny, are you feeling ok?\" Stripe finally asked, breaking the awkward silence between them. \"Because, I saw you go past me and Greta and I... couldn't help but feel worried about you.\" Lenny whimpered a little before looking back up at Stripe, his eyes stinging with tears. \"To tell you the truth Stripe, no... No I'm not.\" Lenny cried, as he once again wiped the dissolving tears onto his three-toned fur. Stripe held out his arms, gesturing Lenny for a hug. \"Aw, come here Len!\" Lenny immediately stood up and dived onto Stripe's lap, normally he would be a bit hesitant but at this point, he didn't care who was hugging him, as long as he could let his emotions out, it was all he needed. Lenny hugged the Gremlin Leader as tight as he could, letting his tears run down Stripe's scaly chest like a waterfall while Stripe slowly wrapped his arms round Lenny, hugging him back gently into his embrace. After about five minutes or so, Stripe let go of Lenny and looked into his sad, little maroon eyes before saying: \"Now you tell ol' Stripey what's upsetting you, k Len?\" Lenny only snorted as he once again wiped his nose. \"Its Gizmo, Stripe... he took everything from me and... I want to kill him Stripe, I WANT TO BLOODY KILL HIM!\" Stripe smirked. \"Me too Lenny, me too.\" Stripe paused and looked away as the images came back to his mind, images of dying to the sunlight and losing to his worst enemy. The Gremlin leader growled to himself before looking back at the buck-toothed Mogwai. \"See? Now you know how I felt when I lost everything to that... abomination.\" Lenny frowned; his small hands balling into tight fists as the image of Gizmo's face came to his mind. \"I know... and it doesn't feel good... I just feel more... angry than anything, and jealous, since Angela's all for him.\" Lenny explained. His face then softened as he thought of former friend and crush. \"But Angela... I still love her Stripe, more than anything and if she's still not mad at me... I may take her back tomorrow.\" Stripe immediately wrapped his arm round the Mogwai, pulling Lenny close to him. \"Oh no Lenny, you, DO NOT, NEED HER!\" Lenny widened his eyes at Stripe's reaction. \"Why don't I need her? She's my friend Stripe and she means so much to me and- \"Think about it Len! Say if you take her back tomorrow, how long is it going to be before her and Gizmo get PROPER CLOSE again, think about it Lenny, do you really want another heartbreak?\" Stripe questioned, as he looked down at the Mogwai, hoping that he could convince him to stay away. Lenny gritted his teeth together as he thought about what Stripe said. \"I don't know Stripe, I- The Gremlin leader instantly let go of the Mogwai, narrowed his eyebrows and crossed his arms however, his eyes were still locked on Lenny. \"SHE'S NOT WORTH GETTING UPSET OVER LENNY! Besides, your too valuable for both Angela and George.\" Lenny whipped his head towards the Gremlin, a sad look on his face and in his eyes. \"Maybe your right about Angie, I guess it was just wasn't... meant to be... but, I still love her Stripe.\" Stripe did a dastardly grin before getting to his feet. \"Oh don't worry my little friend; you won't have to worry about Angela for long, cause guess what? She won't be sticking round for long.\" Lenny's eyes widened after hearing Stripe's words and his heart started to pound in his chest once again. \"What?\" Lenny yelled, in complete shock of what Stripe just said. Stripe's grin got bigger as his red eyes flashed with danger. \"Yeah... she'll be out of your life faster than you can blink Lenny.\" The Gremlin Leader then licked his lips in a rather creepy way which sent shivers down Lenny's spine as he watched Stripe turn to leave. \"I'll see you in the morning Lenny, maybe you could come and play poker with me and the boys, I'll teach ya how to play, k? Anyway,\" Stripe turned his head towards Lenny, who could only see one half of Stripe's face as the other half was encased by the darkness but even then, it made Stripe seem scary standing there. \"I'll see you tomorrow Len.\" And with those last words, Stripe started to walk away, having a little cackle to himself as he did. Lenny could only stare at Stripe as he left, confusion was spread across his face as he stood there, trying to make sense of what Stripe had just said, he didn't even know what the Gremlin leader meant by his words, all Lenny knew was... it didn't sound good and despite the fact that he and Angela were no longer friends, he couldn't help but feel worried for her. \" She won't be sticking around for much longer... what the hell did Stripe mean by that?\" The buck-toothed Mogwai thought, as he turned back to the mirror. \" And that she'll be out my life quicker than I could blink huh? Hmmm... Even though I'm no longer Angie's friend, I still care for her... no matter what and things just don't sound too good for her right now but one thing just crosses my mind... what did Stripe mean? He's up to something... I know it!\" Lenny thought. The Mogwai then sighed as he looked into the dusty, ancient mirror in front of him and thought about what Stripe had just said to him, trying to make sense of the puzzle that the Gremlin layed out in front of him but he just couldn't seem to grasp it as he stared into the clear, glass mirror, the words poisoning his skull... \" She won't be sticking round for long...\" 13 CHAPPIES! WAHOO! ^^ Sorry if this Chapter was too long for you viewers, I'll try and shorten them down a bit. I hope you guys liked it though, I worked hard on it just for you guys :D Here are the Questions... 1 = Will Lenny and Angela ever get back together? 2 = Will Gizmo ever find out about his old enemies being back from the dead? 3 = Will Brain succeed in his plan's against Stripe? 4 = Will Lenny and George piece Stripe's riddle together? Oh, and see the review button, PRESS IT! If you do you get a free virtual chocolate from the Gremlins! If you don't, Stripe will be at your house faster than you can blink, ain't that right Stripe? Stripe: Yep, oh and no flames towards this story, only constructive criticism. *Is about to bite a virtual chocolate.* *Slaps Stripe's hand.* Get off! That's supposed to be for the viewers! Stripe: *Crosses arms.* Sor-ry! Anyway, come back soon for another exciting chapter of Gremlins 3: Stripe strikes back! ^^[Chapter 14] Ok everyone, here's the 14 th Chapter that you've all been waiting for. ^^ Oh, and the Gremlins are owned by the one and only, JOE DANTE! :D Gizmo: Yeah guys, why don't you go and read it? *Smiles cutely.* Ok, so far our Virtual Chocolates for Chapter 13 are going to Gremlin Productions, *Throws one to GP.* JM, *Throws one to JM.* and Yu7Yu7Me7Yume7, *Throws one to Y&M7.;* More will be coming out soon enough. *Smiles cutely again.* Thanks Giz, Hope you enjoy this chapter! :D \"Come-on Angela!\" Gizmo yelled, as he grabbed her wrist and ran down the corridor, dragging Angela with him as she struggled to keep up with Gizmo's quickening pace but, who can blame him after what happened... Stripe, Gizmo's worst enemy, was back from the dead, God knows how, but all Gizmo knew was that he had to get out of the house before Stripe could catch him and Angela and do God knows what to them. But whatever it was, both of the Mogwai didn't want to find out... Billy was dead. Kate was dead. Not a thing in the Peltzer Residence was alive anymore, Gremlin bodies were strewn across the floors of every room, organs and blood up the walls and there reptilian like eyes frozen in a coma-like state as they slowly rotted to nothing. Gremlins that they had killed to get away from Stripe, who had just killed Billy and Kate, who had merely given themselves up, just so Gizmo could carry on living. Even so however, Stripe knew that this wasn't enough, nothing was ever going to be enough for him until Gizmo, the Mogwai who had killed him, was at his feet, limp, bloodied, defenceless and suffering greatly with immense pain, just like he was at that water fountain... Gizmo had nothing anymore, all he had now was Angela, who he was determined to protect from Stripe the best he could. He loved her, she was his only friend now and he was not, going to hand her over to the clutches of his nemesis. The two Mogwai were practically running down the dark, dismal corridor of the house, which seemed to never end as both of them were panting hard, beady drops of sweat running from there furry foreheads. They were both exhausted, but they couldn't stop, they could never stop as Stripe was bolting after them down the corridor, the most evil smirk grimaced across his face as he clutched two giant butchers knives in his hands, which were dripping with blood, blood of two Humans who he had killed, just so he could get to Gizmo and give him his just desserts, something that Stripe couldn't waste any more time to not do. Angela did her best to keep up with Gizmo as she ran frantically alongside him, panting hard as she felt her heart practically beating back and forth in her chest. Gizmo was gripping her hand tight, which was kind of helping her to keep up with him, sweat was practically gushing over her and tears were beginning to form as she thought of Billy and Kate's death, who had both been so good to her for the past few days, even though she hadn't known them for that long, she was truly saddened at their death. She looked round at Gizmo, who really did not look his best either as a mix of sweat and tears were pouring down his face, his eyes stinging and becoming more blood shot with every passing second at the sadness he was feeling, he had practically lost his only family in just one day and he wasn't going to lose Angela as well. Gizmo kept his eyes ahead of him, and saw the kitchen right there in front of them. \"Quick Angela, we'll hide in here!\" Gizmo cried, as he looked back at Angela to see if she was ok. \"OH NO YOU DON'T!\" Stripe yelled. \"YOU'RE NOT GETTING AWAY FROM ME THAT EASILY GIZMO, NOT THIS FREAKIN' TIME!\" The Gremlin then threw one of his Butcher's knives straight at the Mogwai, who both screamed as the knife missed them by millimetres, but was now stuck in the wall, right next to Gizmo's head, blood slowly dripping off it to the floor, making a drip-drop like sound when it hit. Not wasting any more time, Gizmo grabbed Angela by her wrist, pushed her on the floor in the kitchen and quickly slammed the door over as Stripe had now reached the other side of the door and was trying to pull the knife out the wall it was embedded in. For a moment, all was quiet, as Gizmo panted hard, letting his exhaustion drop as he rested his back up against the door and looked up at Angela, whose eyes were wide with worry as she too started to lower down her tension. \"Don't worry,\" Gizmo assured Angela, as he looked into her big milk brown eyes. \"We should be safe in here.\" Angela nodded wearily, but she couldn't help but feel that their troubles weren't over yet, as she listened hard to the sounds on the other side of the wooden door. As it started with a sharp pop, then the shuffle of feet turning to a new direction and ended, with a fast, hard, fling of a- \"GIZMO, LOOK OUT!\" Gizmo screamed as two knives came straight through the door, landing right under his arms and quickly crawled backwards in alarm to Angela's feet, eyes wide, and heart once again beating like a millennium as both of the Mogwai watched in horror, as Stripe took his knives out and started jabbing through the door with them, hoping to somehow get in to them. \"GIZMO, WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO? HE'S COMING IN!\" Angela screamed, as she kept her eyes on the door ahead of her, watching as the bloodied butcher knives teared their way through the door to their sanctuary. Gizmo looked around frantically, hoping that he could find somewhere to escape from, he quickly looked towards the back door and spotted that the cat flap was still free, right from when he, Billy and Kate had first moved in the house. \"Angela, the cat flap, we could escape through the cat- The Mogwai felt himself cutting off as he turned round, expecting to see Angela's frightened face, but he never did, she had now completely vanished. \"ANGELA!\" Gizmo called, hoping that she would pop up from her hiding place. \"ANGELA!\" Gizmo looked round everywhere in the whole kitchen with only his head as he stayed frozen to the spot, hoping to find her somehow. \"Come on now Angie, this is no time to be playing hide and seek!\" The Mogwai shouted, before turning back to the kitchen door, which Stripe was still prodding knives through to demolish it down. Gizmo started shivering as he ran backwards from the kitchen door, he was all alone now, Angela was gone, nowhere to be seen, and his worst enemy was practically prodding daggers through the door to kill him. What could possibly happen that would make it all even worse? [WHACK!] Gizmo felt something hard come into contact with his head from behind as he felt himself sprawling on to the floor. The Mogwai slowly lifted himself up from the floor, keeping his eyes shut as he felt a sharp pain shoot through his head, he touched the left side of it and slowly opened his eyes to look, there he saw a red patch on his fingertips: blood. Gizmo widened his eyes and gasped in surprise as he wondered who in the world did this to him, but due to his hit in the head his mind was beginning to go cloudy and he practically couldn't think straight at all. But his prayers were about to be answered as his culprit went round to him, standing right there in front of him with a sinister smirk gleamed over there face, with their weapon in hand as they held it high over their shoulder, like they were going to use it again, but they never did. They just stood there, staring at him, until they finally spoke. \"Hello Gizmo...\" Gizmo slowly brought himself to look at his culprit, that voice sounded awfully familiar and he couldn't believe who it was, but he just had to look, to see if they were really there. Slowly, he lifted his head to look at his culprit and when he saw who it was, he practically got a shock of his life. \"A-ANGELA!\" Gizmo gasped, practically crawling away from her as he looked into her eyes, which were no longer sweet, but full of evil. Angela just stood there as she lowered her weapon down, which was a frying pan that was now dipped in Gizmo's blood from round the edges, which slowly hit the floor, on the brink of Angela's big toe; she kept her smirk on, just glaring at the other Mogwai with a mad glint in her eyes as she dropped her weapon to the ground. \"Surprised to see me Gizmo?\" She taunted. A scared Gizmo slowly got to his feet, as he held the left side of his head with his hand and walked straight over to Angela, getting right in her face. \"W-What's gotten in to you Angela?\" He shouted, as tears began resurfacing in his eyes. \"You're supposed to be my friend! Remember?\" Angela's expression never changed, it was like she didn't remember a thing that they did together. \"Friends?\" She pondered in a rather evil tone as she pressed her face closer to Gizmo. \"Is that really what we were Gizmo? Really, you are stupid if you think that!\" Gizmo began to shiver again as he backed off from Angela's gaze, the amount of evil in her eyes scared him greatly as he drew backwards, carrying on until he hit a wall behind him, which made him jump immensely as Angela stepped towards him, practically cornering him against the wall, just like a bully and its victim. And unfortunately for Gizmo, he was the victim. Just like in the Clamp Centre Building when Mohawk, George and Lenny had him cornered at the air vent... \"ANGELA!\" Gizmo yelled, as he tried to reason with her. \"Don't you remember the things we've done together? The places we've been? And how much you mean to me?\" Gizmo forced his head away from Angela for a moment, as he eyed the cat flap next to him, which was there only escape from Stripe, who was still prodding his butcher knives through the door. \"I can't talk about it now Angie, but don't you remember our mission here? We've got to get away from Stripe; he's going to kill us both. Now come-on, through that cat flap!\" Angela let out a gigantic evil laugh which sounded strangely... not like her at all as she pulled back from Gizmo's face before looking straight at him again, still with that glazed smirk. \"You don't understand, do you Gizmo?\" She taunted, as she pressed her face now only millimetres from Gizmo's, giving him a dastardly grin. \"I never wanted you to get away from my clutches.\" \"W-What are you talking about?\" Gizmo cried, confused as to why she was saying those words. But as Gizmo looked into her eyes, he noticed something about them: they had changed colour. They were no longer milk brown but a bright, bold, blood red. \"I never wanted you to escape in the first place!\" Angela shouted evilly, keeping her eyes on the scared Mogwai. \"In fact, I wanted you dead, I always have, and always will!\" But as Angela was talking, her voice grew deeper and scratchier and her tone was now more of a hiss, than her soft womanly tone that she used to have, it was like Gizmo was speaking to someone completely different. Gizmo practically shivered as he pressed his back up against the wall the furthest that it could ever go, his heart was beating nonstop, his fur stood on end and his eyes were the widest that they had ever been in a long time. But as Gizmo shivered profusely, he looked towards one of Angela's fluffy arms and noticed something extremely wrong. The fur on her arm was no longer cream and white; it was now BLACK AND WHITE. Gizmo widened his eyes at the arm and instantly gulped in terror, only one person he knew had an arm like that... He looked straight at 'Angela.' And saw that all her fur was completely changing colour, replacing her gentle cream was a demonic black which took over nearly every bit of the body with white, now only just on the wrists of the arms, same on the bottom of her legs, just before the feet, with two curved stripes down the belly along with a slight beard, two white patches by the ears and one, pearl white, crisp mohawk. Plus, the ears were no longer curved round; they were now more like bat wings, with frills going all round the bottom, which were also slightly curved. The new figure smirked at Gizmo, giving him an amused grin as they watched him cower back into the wall with pure shock and terror etched across his face, the figure cackled as he leaned towards Gizmo's ear, whispering the words: \" Gizmo, KAKA! \" In a rather menacing way before slowly leaning back out, grinning at Gizmo again in a menacing way as he crossed his arms in front of the Mogwai. \"Remember me?\" Gizmo was practically at his wits end, he knew that Stripe was back but... him too? It was like everyone in the world wanted him to die or something. Gizmo looked into the bold red eyes of his old enemy, one that he had not long killed. \"M-M-M-MOHAWK!\" Mohawk grinned at Gizmo's fear. \"Hey wimpo, long time no see.\" He stepped closer to the scared Mogwai, keeping one hand against the wall while the other just flopped down to his side. \"You know, it was kinda funny, you killing me like that.\" Gizmo only shivered some more, as he slowly edged away from Mohawk's arm in the opposite direction. \"But you know something; it's about time that someone killed you, just how you killed us Gremlins, and I'm the one that's going to do that!\" Mohawk declared, as he turned slightly more to Gizmo's direction, noticing that the Mogwai was trying to get away by doing the side steps so he copied Gizmo's actions, just like a mirror outline before stopping right in front of Gizmo, his intimidating figure making Gizmo seem puny to him, even if they both were Mogwai. Mohawk then gave Gizmo a harsh grin as he suddenly yelled: \"NOW COME HERE!\" Mohawk flew forward at the other Mogwai, hoping to catch him while he was cornered. But Gizmo was faster, as he dashed to the right, dodging Mohawk's attack as he practically ran to get a weapon, something to defend himself against his old enemy, he then spotted it: The frying pan that was left untouched in the middle of the kitchen, he turned back to Mohawk, who had just turned his head round towards Gizmo, giving him a really evil look. \"Aw, what's the matter Gizmo, aren't you having fun? Didn't you have fun on our last pway date?\" Mohawk taunted. Gizmo didn't reply, he couldn't, not when his life was practically hanging in the balance of his two worst enemies. Snapping his head back to the frying pan, he ran for it, running as fast as his little legs could carry him, he COULD NOT lose that pan, not when it was his only defence line. The Mogwai panted hard, not even looking back as he ran, his heart beating twice as fast. Mohawk snarled as he saw his enemy run for the frying pan, he ran after Gizmo like a bolt of lightning, not even stopping as he kept his eyes on his prey, just like a lion in the safari, watching his flock of Zebras flee him. Mohawk seemed to get the speed from somewhere as he was not far from Gizmo now, closing in on him. He smirked at this but then his victory then went to dust as Gizmo went to grab the frying pan. Mohawk gritted his teeth together harshly as he thought fast on his next action; he then sprung into the air, doing a freestyle flip before landing straight on top of Gizmo, stopping him from grabbing his weapon as Mohawk grabbed at his fur, pulling it harshly as he pulled Gizmo back, Mohawk was on his back as he wrapped his feet round his belly, cutting Gizmo's windpipe off as he fell back into Mohawk's belly. The evil Mogwai tried to stop Gizmo's fall on top of him but he ended up joining in as Gizmo collided with him and the two Mogwai ended up just like a snowball, knotted together with brown, white and black as they rolled around the kitchen floor, biting, scratching and clawing each other like mad as they rolled round the kitchen. There ball finally broke as Gizmo went head first into a cabinet, Mohawk on top of him, punching his face left and right repeatedly, not even stopping for mercy as blood began to dribble from the heroic Mogwai's mouth. Gizmo, a bit dazed from his knockout, snapped his eyes open to see Mohawk punching him in his face and even once in the stomach as he felt the wind get knocked out of him. The Mogwai decided that he had to do something, something extreme, anything to get Mohawk off him. Feeling his fists ball tightly, he threw one straight at Mohawk's face, forcing him right off Gizmo as he went flying halfway across the kitchen before landing with a hard thump on the floor as he slowly pushed himself up, surprised from his enemy's dagger punch. Gizmo never even looked at Mohawk and ignored the bruises forming on his face and the blood dribbling from his mouth as he ran to the kitchen door, which was where Stripe was STILL prodding his knives through, Gizmo then grabbed one of them as it once again went through the door. He then looked around as he held the silver, gleaming knife tightly in his hand, trying to find out where in the world Mohawk went, his head spinning frantically as he quickly breathed in and out like mad. \"YAHOO! Hey Goody-Goody boy!\" Gizmo quickly spun to see Mohawk right next to him, holding Stripe's other knife in his hand as he licked his lips, wiping the blood that was once dribbling out. \"Now come-on Gizmo, where's the action? Where's the adventure? Where's ya fancy gimmick that YOU USED TO DEFEAT ME WITH?\" Mohawk then ran at Gizmo with his knife, which Gizmo just about dodged as he held his up in defence, which made both knives clash together, they both used them to fight, just like lightsabers as they clashed back and forth with them, the knives making horrendous clanking sounds as they collided together repeatedly. They both did this for a few minutes before Mohawk finally growled, getting impatient as he thought that they weren't getting anywhere. He then ran straight at Gizmo and kicked him in the shin, which made the Mogwai instantly drop his knife and start to stumble backwards as he held his shin in pain, letting out small little squeaks as tears started streaming down his face because of the pain that he was going through at the moment. Seeing the tears in Gizmo's eyes, Mohawk laughed in amusement at his enemy's pain as he watched Gizmo stumble around the kitchen. Gizmo couldn't take anymore, and he knew that too as he held his shin and it wasn't the only thing that was hurting him neither. His head was spinning; he could barely think straight, blood was dribbling from his head and mouth, his stomach felt as if it got the worst pumping ever and his shin was aching like mad. Not only that but Gizmo had lost the only family that he ever had, he was all alone now, so what was the use of going on? What did he have now? Gizmo then felt himself collide into a cupboard which made a good darn whack sound as the Mogwai fell to the floor, seeing nothing but stars. A glass jar of sugar hit the Mogwai on the head, sending his head to the side as he fell even more to the floor, covered in soft, sparkling white sugar, glass all around him as he felt his eyes closing and his whole body descending to a world of darkness as it slowly came over him. Gizmo was fading and this time, he knew he couldn't stop it. Mohawk's jaw dropped in happiness as he watched Gizmo get knocked out, right there in front of him, he went closer to the Heroic Mogwai, who was now barely breathing, stopping about a centimetre or two away as he looked down at his fallen enemy, a maniacal grin spreaded across his furry face as he then let out a terrifying laugh before kneeling down to Gizmo and saying something that he never thought he'd say. \"HA! In your face Gizmo! You never thought that you could beat us again? Did you?\" He paused as he thought about his question. \"Pffft, I bet you did, well, I'll tell you something else buddy boy, you were wrong! YOU WERE REALLY WRONG! HAHAHA! We've won you out Gizmo, don't try and deny it, me and Stripe, were going to rule the world now and as always: THE GREMLINS WILL ALWAYS TRIUMPH! SO GET READY FOR YOUR DEMISE GIZMO BECAUSE WERE SURE AS HELL READY TO EXTRACT IT!\" That was the last thing that Gizmo heard as Mohawk let out his chilling laugh, which seemed to echo throughout the kitchen as it suddenly became darker and the last thing the Mogwai saw was Stripe, finally breaking through the kitchen door with his feet, as the door landed face first on to the floor. Gizmo was unable to move as Stripe grinned at the scene before him, he then marched over to Gizmo and grabbed him harshly in his hand, squeezing the last bit of life out of him. The last thing Gizmo could remember was being hoisted up to Stripe's scary mug before slowly fading away as darkness overcome him. Gizmo whimpered in pain as he strained to open his eyes. So far, from what he could tell, he was in a very dark room of some sorts, he tried to move his arms but soon found out that he couldn't as he looked over and found that rope was tied tightly round the wrists of his arms and legs, bounding him to the table and preventing him from getting up. He looked to his left hand side and saw that there was loads of surgical equipment such as needles, scissors and much more stuff that would scare the living daylights out of you if you ever did see them at your local hospital. Gizmo gulped. Whatever his enemies wanted to do to him, he just wanted it to be over with. He then looked the other way, trying to think of a way to escape when he came face first with Stripe, who was standing there in a surgery jacket, which was practically ripped and covered immensely in blood from god knows who, he also had a surgery mask over his mouth, which was also slightly ripped, so you could clearly see that the Gremlin was grinning. Mohawk was there with him too however, unlike Stripe, he had a small nurse hat on, which was ripped and bloodied, and he too had a savage grin on his face as he stood on the table next to Stripe. \"H-Hello Stripe.\" Gizmo stuttered, as he began shivering all over again. The Gremlin's expression suddenly turned angry. \"Hello? Is that all you can say? It won't be hello by the time we've finished with you!\" He turned to Mohawk, with that savage grin back on his face. \"Nurse Mohawk, could you get me 'the weapon.'?\" Mohawk only kept his eyes on Gizmo before turning round to jump off the table. \"Of course doctor Stripe.\" He replied evilly, before jumping off the table and running off to God knows where, his figure vanishing in the darkness. Gizmo watched as Mohawk vanished before turning back to Stripe, shivering like mad as he gulped. He was tired with all this suspension, whatever it was that they were going to do, Gizmo just desperately wanted it over with, he was scared to even ask about what they were up to, but he had to know. \"W-What are you going to do to me?\" The Mogwai asked, as he looked straight at his enemy. Stripe's grin seemed to go past his nose as he replied: \"Well Gizmo, were going to kill you, nice, and slow... make you wish that you never spawned us, were going to make you suffer, just like you did to us!\" He then turned angry as he stated: \"SEE? NOW YOU WILL KNOW, HOW WE FELT, YOU LITTLE PIECE OF S- \"I got em Stripe!\" Mohawk cooed, as he skipped in happily with his usual, brooding, evil expression. Gizmo slowly leaned up and just about managed to see what the other Mogwai had brought over with him, in Mohawk's hands were two of the same weapons except, one was bigger than the other. The weapons were basically giant garden cutters, which were bigger than any normal cutters and if you looked closely, you could see mega strikes of electricity flowing through them. Gizmo let out a shriek as Stripe's hand came flying towards his face and pushed it back, forcing the Mogwai once again back into his first original position. Stripe quickly spun back round as he took the bigger Garden cutter off Mohawk and began to push the handle bars of it together with his hand, making the points go in and out, just like cutting a hedge. The Gremlin smirked, glad that their weapons were fully functional for their job. \"Excellent Mohawk, excellent...\" The Gremlin whispered as he looked at the tip of the cutter, admiring its shining beauty before touching the tip to see if it was sharp enough and when he did, he instantly gritted his teeth as he cursed many things to himself, it gave him a bleeding finger but hey, at least it was sharp enough to do the job. Gizmo was shivering like hell as he watched what was going on around him; he turned to the left as he heard Mohawk climb up to the table, holding his garden cutter. The other Mogwai gave Gizmo a dirty grin as he pushed on both handles of the cutter, one hand on each as he pushed the points together repeatedly, his red eyes locked on Gizmo's bound, shivering frame as he pushed the points of the cutter together repeatedly and slowly, getting complete pleasure from his enemies fear. Gizmo could feel his heart about to leap out of his skin as he watched Mohawk push the cutter together threateningly, and that horrible grinding sound it was making wasn't helping him neither, it was only making him feel worse. The Mogwai began to see stars again as he thought of the many possibilities that Stripe and Mohawk could try and do to him with garden cutters. As Gizmo tried to whack the life into himself, he saw Stripe walk round to the right hand side of the table, as Mohawk was already on the left, who was holding the garden cutter in his small hands pleasurably. Stripe then put his weapon down for a moment as he fiddled with the surgery mask round his mouth. Gizmo looked at Stripe's cutter and instantly widened his eyes at the sheer size of it, who knew that you could get a cutter THAT big? The Gremlin then picked up his weapon again, grasping it tightly in his claws before lifting an arm up to his mouth and threw off his mask, grinning down at Gizmo in pure pleasure. \"Sod the mask!\" Stripe shouted rather happily as he glared down at the shivering Mogwai. \"I don't care where the blood goes on this one, in fact; I want to be covered in it.\" He then licked his lips before pressing his face closer to Gizmo, giving him one of his most evil looks ever. \"I don't even care if I have to taste it, I'll gladly do it, and as I can tell by your fear, I'm sure it'll be, nice... and juicy. A Vengeance dish, served nice and messy! Just how I like it!\" The Gremlin then pulled away from Gizmo's scared face and looked at Mohawk, who was looking straight back at the Gremlin, his garden cutter gripped in one hand as he waited to extract his vengeance, a glazed smirk trounced along his baby peach skin as he waited for Stripe's command. The Gremlin then raised his cutter in the air; points faced down above Gizmo and began pushing the pointers open as he began his speech. \"Nurse Mohawk, I believe that this patient needs a severe operation.\" He snapped the points together for a moment, making a clank that seemed to echo throughout the whole room due to how quiet it was. Stripe smirked down at Gizmo, after all these years... Revenge was his, he wanted to savour this moment for the rest of his life, Gizmo would finally be rid of the world and this time, no-one could stop him. \"Let's say we go to...\" He paused before pressing his face towards Gizmo again, giving him a sly grin as he whispered a word. \"Extraction.\" Gizmo's eyes and head instantly spun as soon as Stripe had said the word, the Mogwai knew everything now, they were going to rip him open and tear his insides out which was definitely far from quick and painless, it was nice, and slow, just like they said, ripping through his body until it simply... faded away. The Mogwai looked towards Stripe, who was about to force the garden cutter through his stomach, at the moment, it was just there, hanging in the air like a pendulum knife, the Gremlin was now lowering it and Gizmo couldn't contain his fear any longer, using all the strength he could muster, he screamed, not even stopping for a moment as he let it all out, he didn't even care if Stripe or Mohawk beat him up for it, as long as someone heard his cries, it was his only hope for getting out of- \"Gizmo buddy are you alright?\" Gizmo popped his eyes open and looked down at his feet, he was back home where he belonged, he slowly looked round the room and spotted that nothing was destroyed, it was like the room hadn't been touched by any Gremlin at all. The Mogwai looked up at the double bed next to his small, makeshift one and saw Billy peering over at him in concern. He knew why too, his fur was drenched in sweat, he practically screamed out loud just now and his fists were tightly clenched, like he wanted to punch someone. Gizmo frowned as he lowered his head down, his ears drooping like dead, wiltering flowers. \"I'm alright Billy.\" Gizmo replied sadly before slowly looking up at his friend, tears beginning to take surface on his sweat stained face. \"I...\" The Mogwai sniffled and snorted as he wiped his nose for a moment, tears now cascading down his face as he looked back up at Billy. \"I just had a nightmare is all.\" Billy's eyes widened, he knew that Gizmo would frequently have a nightmare every so often, especially about one certain Gremlin that they had faced. \"Was Stripe there Giz?\" He asked. Gizmo nodded sadly as he wiped his tears. \"And Mohawk too...\" Billy's eyebrows raised in surprise. \"Mohawk too?\" Billy then looked at the ceiling in thought, he hated seeing Gizmo scared and tonight was no exception in fact, he looked worse than normal. His eyes were bloodshot and teary, his fur drenched in sweat, his throat raspy as he spoke, snot running out of his nostrils. Billy had never seen Gizmo so... ruined, the Young adult looked at his clock just by his side of the bed which read 2:01am before getting out of bed, going over to Kate's side and grabbing the bottle of coke next to her on the bedside table, he then looked back at Gizmo, who was staring at him with a quizzical expression written across his face. Billy gripped the bottle tightly; he had to do the right thing. \"Come-on Giz, you can sleep with me and Kate tonight.\" Billy said warmly, as he walked back round to his side of the bed. Gizmo didn't even object as a brimming smile spreaded across his face, he bounded over to the bed with a big spring in his step as he grabbed the mattress and pulled himself up with ease, despite the fact that he was still slightly sweating. Once Gizmo was on the bed, he crawled forwards to the middle, careful not to wake up a sleeping Kate as he did so, who was right next to him curled up on her left hand side facing the window. Billy then climbed into bed next to Gizmo as he pulled the covers over before passing Gizmo the leftovers in a small bottle of coke. \"Here.\" Billy said, as he passed Gizmo the bottle. \"Get this down ya; you look like you need it.\" Gizmo didn't object Billy's offer as he gently grabbed the bottle of coke out of his hand and opened it up, taking great big swigs out of it; after all, he needed it, as his throat was intensely dry. When he had finished, he turned back to the right hand side, expecting to see Billy's face, but he didn't, the Mogwai began to panic again but slowly relaxed as he saw Billy come in from the bathroom with a towel and went over to the Mogwai as he began to dry the sweat off him from head to toe, it kind of dried Gizmo off but it was hard without water or soap, but Billy couldn't do it, after all, if he did... one of the three rules would be broken once again. Billy then put the towel on to his bedside cupboard as he got back into bed, pulling the covers over himself and tucking Gizmo in before slowly laying down. \"Don't worry about the sweat Giz, it'll probably be gone by tomorrow besides, there's still a bit on you but it won't bother me.\" Gizmo only nodded slowly as he began to frown out of fear, the thought of having another nightmare like that... it was just too much for him. Usually, Gizmo would just go back to sleep afterwards, even if he did sweat or shiver but this nightmare, something in it was stopping the Mogwai from ever going to sleep again. Billy spotted Gizmo's quietness and turned on his side towards him, his eyebrows narrowing in concern at the Mogwai. \"Hey Giz... what's wrong?\" Billy asked. Gizmo felt the tears bubbling again as he thought about his nightmare, to him, it was so realistic, and it looked so real, it was like it was going to happen someday, just like a prophecy told in many storybooks however, this prophecy, wasn't a good one. Gizmo looked straight at Billy, the tears once again streaming down the Mogwai's face as he too turned on to his side to face his friend, he had to tell Billy what he thought. If he didn't, he was sure to feel insecure for the rest of the night. \"Billy... I'm scared.\" Gizmo whisper-cried as his eyes diverted from his friends gaze. \"I'm scared of having another nightmare with Stripe, and Mohawk, and...\" Gizmo paused as he let his tears fall, wiping them out of his eyes once again with his furry arm before looking back at Billy for the final time, continuing his explanation. \"I can't go through another nightmare Billy, I just can't do it, it looked so real and... they... they wanted to RIP MY BODY OPEN TO TEAR MY INSIDES OUT, IT WAS SO SCARY BILLY, I JUST- \"Shhh, Gizmo.\" Billy comforted, as he held an arm out to stroke the Mogwai's fur in an attempt to karm him down. \"Don't worry about that nightmare, ok? Whatever happened wasn't real, and it's going to stay like that...\" Billy paused for a moment as he looked into his friend's scared brown eyes, continuing to stroke his fur as he attempted to karm him down. \"And Stripe and Mohawk, there not coming back... there never coming back, there dead Gizmo, you've got to be tough and move on from the past.\" Billy paused once again before speaking. \"I know it's hard, but... you're going to have to do it Giz cause there not coming back, and they never will come back, all they are now is distant memories, everyone has to move on from things Giz, heh, even me.\" \"But Billy, I'm not t- \"Of course your tough Giz, if you weren't tough, you wouldn't have killed two mean Gremlins off would ya, you little dark horse!\" Gizmo smiled through his tears as he suddenly felt rejoiced, Billy's words were certainly taking affect on him, thoughts of his heroic acts and deeds rushing up to his mind, he had killed two of the most savage, brutal gremlins to ever exist, all by himself and that was definitely something which had great toughness in it. Billy was right, he was tough, in his own little way and for the first time in many years, Gizmo pushed the thoughts of any Gremlins to the back of his mind. \"So don't worry about them nightmares Giz and if you do have one, maybe you could twist it and instead of them beating you like always, maybe this time, you could beat them at their own little games.\" Billy then ruffled one of Gizmo's cheeks, which made the Mogwai giggle in happiness. \"Just like you always do Giz, because I know that you have the courage to beat em.\" Gizmo sniffled as his friend said kind words to him; he wiped his eyes for one last time, clearing off any remaining tears that lingered on his face before looking up at Billy, his dark brown eyes sparkling in happiness. \"Thanks Billy.\" Gizmo whispered softly, as he began to lie down and pull the covers over his small, furry body. Billy smiled, glad that Gizmo was now happier and free of any Gremlin insecurities, good words always prevailed in circumstances such as these, and it certainly worked for Gizmo. \"No problem Giz, goodnight.\" Billy said, before letting out a giant yawn, and turned over on to his other side as he let sleep overcome him. Gizmo let out a cute little yawn himself and smiled as he turned to lie on his back, facing the wall ahead of him. \"Goodnight Billy.\" The Mogwai replied, as he snuggled under the covers and closed his eyes, hoping that he wouldn't have another nightmare, and if he did, he hoped that somehow, he could turn it all around, and be the one to prevail against his two worst enemies, dead or alive, many good thoughts rushing through his whole body as sleep overcame him for a second time round. The Sun was once again spreading its arms out in happiness, extracting glorious, golden light from its whole body, which sparked throughout the whole of New York City, waking everyone up to a fresh, new day and the Peltzer residence of course was no exception including its loft, which was a brand new nesting place for many Gremlins, including some old 'friends.' Of Gizmo. It was around 9:00, and Angela was currently scampering through the loft like a rat hunting for its food, the thing she was hunting for however was none other than her crush, Lenny. After what had happened between them last night, Angela desperately wanted to talk to him, try to convince him that what she did with Gizmo was nothing more than a bit of fun, which it actually was, even if Angela did feel a slight attraction to the Heroic Mogwai, she couldn't let that break her chances with Lenny. She dashed desperately round the loft, skimming her way past many Gremlins that were up to their usual antics including Daffy, who was currently holding on to a Gremlins nose by his small Mogwai teeth, wiggling his body and laughing like crazy, his wild, orange eyes rolling round and round nonstop like an out of control Ferris wheel, just like he did with the police officer in the Clamp centre building, the Gremlin frantically tried to pull Daffy off as he stumbled into other Gremlins which once again started another domino rally in the loft for the second time since they had landed here in the first place. But Angela paid no attention to the chaos around her; all she was focused on was finding Lenny and getting him back with her, he was everything to her, her heart, her soul and her joy, Lenny truly made her happy ever since she had met him in that dark, unsettling, germ full place. Many people say that there lovers are a sunshine on rainy days, Lenny was Angela's sunshine and he was the only sunshine she had and for that, Angela loved him. She didn't care about those two front buck teeth that stuck out of Lenny's mouth, to her, it was what made Lenny who he was and also more beautiful to her than ever. The Female Mogwai's head spun round like mad as she tried to find her crush, hoping that he was in the mood to talk to her after that night, it was one of the things that Angela feared you see, it was that Lenny would never speak to her again, it would doom her for the rest of her life. Angela's button mouth grew a giant smile as she gasped in happiness at the sight ahead of her, her milk brown eyes widening greatly. Just ahead of her, was none other than Lenny who seemed greatly happy as he walked ahead of him, away from Angela's direction with a great, big smile as he looked up at the Gremlin next to him, it was actually Stripe, the evil Gremlin leader of the clan, who was currently telling Lenny something that was hard for Angela to hear from her view, but whatever Stripe had said, Lenny had found it funny and was laughing his usual donkey-like laugh in amusement. Wasting no more time than she had to, Angela ran like hell towards Lenny and Stripe, panting hard as she did, all sounds, smells and things around her just flew past her like a strong prevailing wind, her eyes plastered to Lenny's back as she ran towards him, he was the only thing on her mind, and Angela wanted him back. \"LENNY!\" She screamed out, as she ran onwards towards her crush. Lenny felt himself freeze to the spot as he heard that beautiful, silvery voice that he used to love with all his heart, he now hated it with frustration, that silvery voice always reminded him of what Angela meant to him and now, it reminded him of her betrayal... and his terrible heartbreak... and Gizmo's cute looking, bug-eyed face, one which now Lenny hated with burning passion. He felt his shoulders tense up as he heard Angela stop right behind him, Stripe included, who was watching both Lenny and Angela as an awkward silence tensed between them, neither saying a word to each other, Lenny keeping his back, not saying a word to her but waiting for what she had to say to him, his heart practically beating so loud that he could even hear it. A few minutes had passed, and both Mogwai hadn't said a word to each other, the awkward silence still remaining until Angela took a deep breath and stepped forward in confidence, someone had to say something, and it might as well be her. She gently touched Lenny's shoulder with her hand and looked straight at the back of his head as she broke the silence. \"Lenny, please, I just want to talk about what happened. Please... just give me a chance.\" Lenny slowly twisted his head towards her but only half way, you couldn't see the whole of his face but you could just see his big, maroon eyes, sparkling out with sadness, tears were starting to form in the buck tooth Mogwai's eyes as he stared at his old friend and crush, he couldn't do it, not now, it was too soon, he needed time if he was ever going to talk to her about all the chaos. He looked in to Angela's eyes, those big, milk brown eyes that he missed like crazy and her beautiful face, which he desperately needed. Lenny wanted her dearly, she meant so much to him, he wanted to hold her, tell her how much he loved her and kiss her with full on passion, but he couldn't. The reason? He was scared, scared of getting heartbroken once more. \"I'm sorry Angela...\" He whispered, as he stepped forward and pulled away from her touch. \"I just can't talk right now, it...\" He paused as he looked down at the ground, trying to hold back his tears. \"It's over Angie, our friendships over!\" The Mogwai then gulped as he lifted his head up towards the wall and stood up straight, he was about to force some words out that he'd never thought that he would say. \"Now, go away! Leave me alone!\" Angela's eyes started forming tears of their own as she stared at Lenny, now completely heartbroken at his words; this wasn't what she had been planning. \"But Lenny, you don't understand!\" She yelled, tears now streaming down her cream and white face as her eyes sparkled in sadness. \"If you just talk to me about it, we could be friends again.\" Angela paused as she stared at the back of Lenny's head, waiting another minute or two for his reply, when she spotted that he said nothing to her plea, she continued. \"Lenny, I know that... this has been hard for you and... I know that you want your space but, you won't get anywhere if you don't talk about your feelings cause, I'd like to know, I really would, your my best friend Lenny and... You and our friendship mean so much to me and I don't want to break up with you over a simple misunderstanding.\" The Female Mogwai's face then turned into a slightly more smiley one as she held out her hand towards Lenny, hoping and praying in her head that he would take it. \"So, what do you say Lenny? Want to talk?\" Lenny just kept his back to her, unmoving to his gaze at the wall, Angela's words resounding back and forth through his head like an echo room, he wanted to go with her and chat, he really did but his both his jealousy and fear held him to the spot, which instantly made his decision. \"Just... go away Angie, I... I just don't want to talk now, k?\" Lenny whispered, as he slowly turned round to face her, his voice cracking at the tears forming in his eyes at this very moment. Angela's face drooped at her crushes statement, she really thought that Lenny would converse with her; it was like he was a completely different Mogwai now more... hesitant and Gremlinized, the tears slowly began to come back to her as thoughts without Lenny began to rush at her. \"But... Lenny... I want to be your friend.\" She paused as she panted for a moment to calm down, practically pouring her heart out to Lenny. \"EVEN IF YOU DON'T WANT ME TO LENNY, I'LL ALWAYS BE THERE FOR YOU.\" Lenny felt the tears ball up even more in his eyes as he watched Angela pour her heart out to him. \"No matter what...\" At Angela's speech, Lenny couldn't take it any longer, he just wanted her to go away, just so he couldn't feel the guilt that he was feeling right now, it was all too much for him, he needed space, time, if he was ever going to heal... \"I said, leave me alone.\" The Female Mogwai's face contorted in sadness, as her voice cracked through her tears. \"But Lenny- \"I SAID LEAVE ME ALONE!\" Lenny screamed out harshly. The buck tooth Mogwai then sharply turned away from his crush, simply wanting nothing to do with her right now. He then fell to his knees in sadness as he began to cry in his own tears, letting out giant wails, just like he did the night before at that mirror. Both Angela and Stripe watched Lenny as he wailed and whimpered, guilt filling Angela's conscience, she watched as Lenny's hands suddenly turned to fists and sighed dearly as her crush started to pound the floor out of anger. Angela looked all around her as she felt so guilty, so hurt, and so incomplete, she had to do something, she couldn't just stand there and let Lenny loose himself, with that thought in mind, she rushed forward, determined to break Lenny out of his heartbreak. \"LENNY, PLEASE, I- HUH!\" The Female Mogwai gasped as a giant, green, scaly foot stomped right in front of her, stopping her from getting to Lenny, the green foot belonged to none other than Stripe, who was now standing right in front of Angela, growling in anger at her, his lips curved into a low snarl, red eyes practically flashing at her in anger as his white streak of hair stuck up in the air like a shark fin, however, unlike the shark, he wasn't offense, he was defence. Angela slowly stepped back; the look that Stripe was giving her scared her greatly. \"St-Stripe, could you please move? I... I need to, um...\" The Gremlin just gave her a dark stare as he leaned down towards her threateningly. \"Why should you? Lenny doesn't want you near him, can't you see that? Can't you see that you've put him through enough already you little shight!\" Angela gulped, she was the target of Stripe's rage, which wasn't a good thing at all on her part, she looked into Stripe's bold red eyes and saw nothing but daggers, bold, glaring, daggers, she had no idea how she was going to get past Stripe, as he was now defending Lenny and was putting him more and more out of her reach, she scanned all around her for a way around the Gremlin but found nothing besides, if she tried to run past him, he would easily catch her and kick her up the backside or something else much worse. Knowing that all of her ideas wouldn't work, Angela only had one thing left to convince the Gremlin to move: her voice. \"Stripe...\" Angela pleaded, \"Can I please speak to Lenny? I promise you I won't hurt him or anything, I just want to talk to him about what's happened.\" Stripe only stared at her, his eyes holding no mercy or pity for the Female Mogwai; he crossed his arms as he kept in his leaning position for a moment before pulling back from her, his expression also never changing, not even a smile glazed over him. \"YEAH? SO YOU CAN WHAT? HURT HIM AGAIN?\" Angela slowly looked towards the floor. \"No... But- \"EXACTLY!\" Stripe yelled, as he pointed his finger towards Angela. \"YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A SNIPPY LITTLE HEARTBREAKER!\" Angela cringed as she heard the Gremlins insult fly straight at her, striking a great bullet in her heart. \"No...\" Angela whispered. \"It was a mistake, a simple- Stripe cut her off as he glared down at her, it made him seem like a giant from the way he was standing and looking, he gritted his teeth at Angela, wanting nothing to do with her excuses or explanations. \"I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANY OF YOUR BLINDING EXCUSES!\" The Gremlin shouted, he then leaned down to her again however this time; his face was now mere millimetres from hers. \"Now...\" Stripe growled, his face now twisting into a smirk as his red eyes started to spark out in a whole new way at the Mogwai. \"Why don't you make yourself useful!\" He then swung his arm down towards Angela, instantly scooping her up in to his hand and brought her towards him, Angela let out a surprised yelp as Stripe's claws tightened around her, making her unable to breathe. At this, Lenny's head spun round as his eyes widened, his sight had greeted him with Stripe clutching Angela in one of his hands, giving her a threatening glare, he knew that Stripe was only doing this to defend him, but he couldn't help himself as he felt a slight urge to go over there and help Angela however, he stayed put, his maroon eyes plastered to both the Gremlin and Mogwai as he sat in his crumpled position. Stripe stared at Angela for a moment as he squeezed her for a few more times, watching as a pained whimper escaped from her lips before continuing his speech. \"And continue your spying missions for me with your little boyfriend, ay Angie?\" Both Lenny and Angela's eyes had widened when Stripe had referred to Gizmo as Angela's 'boyfriend.' Nobody had seen this one coming at all. Before anyone could even react to what was happening, Stripe began to set Angela down and looked straight round at her, giving her a devilish grin. \"Now get going!\" The Gremlin demanded, giving her a sharp push forward with his hand, which made Angela fall flat on her face. Slowly, she stood up shakily from her position as she dusted herself off. When she had finished, she looked back up to Stripe, who was heading back towards Lenny, who was sitting there, frozen in his crumpled position, keeping his maroon eyes on Angela, he now felt even more guilty, as he made her go through all the torture, all because he wouldn't budge an inch to her advances. Stripe then stalked past him, his back turned at Angela and a triumphant smirk glazed over him. \"Come-on Lenny,\" Stripe demanded, as he took a few more steps before turning back to Angela, deciding to rub more insults in to her. \"You don't need a little girl like her following you around, she's only going to break your heart again besides, she barely has one herself.\" Stripe gave Angela one last evil glare before turning round and heading off in a direction, leaving Lenny and Angela alone. Lenny stood up from his position as he kept his eyes on Angela, a sorrowful look stemmed on his face as he stood, he actually felt sorry for Angela, he really did, it was all his fault, if he had only- \"LENNY, COME ON!\" Stripe shouted, as he tapped his foot on the ground, indicating that he wanted Lenny to shift it. \"C-Coming Stripe!\" Lenny yelled back. He turned his head to look at Angela for the last time, she had the same look that he had on his face: guilt and sorrow. He looked into her beautiful brown eyes for one last time before sighing to himself and walked away from her, slowly stepping towards Stripe as he pulled away from her gaze, following the Gremlin Leader into a whole new world. Angela only stood there, completely dumbfounded as watched Lenny follow Stripe down through the loft. She sniffled as she once again tried to fight more of her oncoming tears; she shut her eyes tight, blocking the tears from escaping there jail cells. Lenny, her best friend and crush, was gone, vanished, pulled away from her like a magnet and it was all because of a simple misunderstanding. Stripe wasn't helping neither, especially with his insults and name calling, in fact, Angela thought that if the Gremlin wasn't there, she would have had a better chance of getting back with Lenny. She looked towards Lenny again and her heart broke, she couldn't do it, she could not, put herself through looking at her beloved crush and then start crying whenever she saw him, knowing that her and Lenny... we're never going to be friends, lovers, or anything for that matter, it was too painful for her. With all those painful thoughts drawn up in her mind, Angela turned away from her crush and headed towards the loft door, ready to continue her mission in the only place left that she was appreciated: Gizmo's place. Angela slowly unlocked the padlock with her extra long claws and let it drop as she swung the door over face first; she looked around for Lenny for one last time and saw him nowhere, Angela could only frown in sadness as she wiped out a tear from her eye before putting on a fake smile, turning round and jumping down into the Peltzer Household once again, ready to be with Gizmo, her only friend left in the world. Lenny and Stripe strode through the loft together as they walked past many chaotic Gremlin escapades in hopes to cleanse their boredom, wondering what in the world that they should do for the day. However, as he walked beside Stripe, he couldn't help but feel guilty, Angela was giving him a chance to get back with her and he blew it all because of his petty paranoia, he wished now that he could turn back the clock and stop himself from making his mistake, he had also thought about sneaking away from Stripe when he weren't looking and running back to Angela to tell her how sorry he was and to scoop her up into his arms. But he couldn't do that now, know why? Cause Lenny had figured that Angela had gone on her big spying missions, which included spying on Stripe's worst enemy, Gizmo. Gizmo... that name, that face, it sparked anger through Lenny's body as he felt his fists tense up at the thought of that... that... abomination. Lenny really wanted to kill Gizmo now, make him pay for taking Angela from him plus, for killing him in the Clamp Centre Building even though he didn't actually do it, Lenny figured that the little furball had some part in it but mostly, for taking Angela's affection away from him and for that, Gizmo had to be annihilated. If Gizmo had no idea of what he had done to him, he'd get a good idea when it was Lenny's turn to have a crack at him. With the thought of Gizmo in mind, Lenny looked up at Stripe; there was one paining question that Lenny had to ask him and one spectacular speech that he had to make afterwards. \"Um... Stripe?\" Lenny questioned, as he tried to get the Gremlins attention. \"How do you think that things are going up here, y'know, hiding and planning how to kill Gizmo?\" Stripe looked down at the Mogwai as he stopped in his tracks with a confused look on his face. \"Why do you- \"I just want to know Stripe.\" The Gremlin paused for a moment as he looked up at the ceiling, pondering Lenny's question in his head for a moment before finally thinking of his answer. \"Yeah, I'd say things are doing well up here so far. They haven't found us yet, right?\" Lenny smiled at the Gremlins answer, at least now he knew that they could be one step closer into killing Gizmo, which was exactly what he wanted. He also figured that he needed to owe Stripe for all things that he had been doing for him, Stripe had been so good to him yesterday, and even earlier, even though Lenny detested against that one, he knew that the Gremlin did it for a good cause, he was now about to give his speech and Lenny couldn't help but smile at the Gremlin, as a ray of happiness tingled its way through his body inside, and out. \"Well Stripe, I-I'd like you to know that... no matter what happens, I'll always be there for you, no matter what...\" The buck tooth Mogwai declared, as he looked into the Gremlin's razor red eyes. Stripe widened his eyes as he kneeled down next to the Mogwai, confused as to why he was so happy and dependant for him. \"Why Lenny? Why do you want to be there for me so badly?\" Lenny's dopey smile instantly grew bigger, his eyes growing droopy and soft as he answered: \"Because, through these past couple of days, you were there for me when no one else cared. You were like a big brother to me Stripe and... I just... want to do the same for you, just to say, thanks...\" Stripe felt his heart melt at Lenny's words as a warm smile grew across his green, scaly face. Even though most of it was all a trick, the Gremlin leader couldn't help but feel... needed, something he had never felt in his whole life, not even when he was with Greta and he liked it, this was part of why Stripe had taken a liking to Lenny in the first place, because he was an angel and a devil in his own way, a neutral to be exact and that was how the Gremlin leader liked his workers, nice... but naughty. Stripe's bold red eyes, for the first time ever, had no danger in them what-so-ever as the glints grew softer and his eyebrows furrowed as he scooped Lenny up into his grasp, clutching the Mogwai gently in his hand before laying Lenny across his arm like he was in a hammock bed. Lenny only smiled as he pushed himself up against Stripe's chest for support and stretched his legs out like he was sunbathing. Stripe smiled down at the Mogwai as he made himself comfortable on his arm. \"I don't know about you Lenny but, I'm going to play poker with the boys, you want to play with us?\" Lenny gulped at Stripe's question, poker really wasn't in his schedule but still, he wanted to have a go, even if it meant sitting next to the biggest bullies of the Gremlin hideout. \"Sure Stripe.\" Lenny answered. \"But I... um... I, um...\" Stripe instantly knew what Lenny was trying to say. \"You don't know how to play? Well, that's no sweat Len; the king of poker will explain all!\" Stripe exclaimed, as he grinned down at Lenny and pointed a finger at himself when he said: 'King.' Lenny could only smile as Stripe started strutting past the many Gremlins in the loft, Lenny on his arm like a bandaged armsling as they both neared the poker table. \" Ha! Lenny's almost mine now... it's all going to plan!\" \" Stripe doesn't seem so bad , but I'm still real nervous... and Angela... I hope that she's not too mad at me, oh who are you kidding Lenny! Of course she's mad at you! She tried to make peace with you, and you spat in her face... oh Angie, I really am sorry...\" Stripe leaned towards Lenny's ear as he whispered: \"Grab the free seat next to mine.\" Before setting Lenny down to the floor and letting him walk over to a stone grey table, where 4 Gremlins and a Mogwai waited for them. As soon as Stripe sat Lenny down, the Gremlins bombarded there way over to Stripe, pelting him with questions about Lenny and why he was late to the poker table. The Gremlin Leader let out a giant sigh as he answered all their questions grumpily. Lenny stared at the poker table, trying to remember which two seats were free before finally remembering which ones and jumping into his place, which was two seats to the left of the Mogwai. As Lenny tucked his chair in, he peeped round to see who he was sitting with and when he found out who it was, he instantly gulped. It was no other than Mohawk, who was currently building a tower with the poker chips, his beady little eyes scanning the table before sighing and looking up at his surroundings to see none other than Lenny, who was practically trying not to tremble as he met Mohawk's gaze. Red eyes met maroon as Mohawk's bored frown turned into a sadistic smirk. \"Alright then everybody, let's play!\" Stripe cheered, as he took his seat in between the two Mogwai before reaching for the pack of cards and opened them, instantly taking them out as he started to shuffle. As Stripe shuffled the cards ready for their game, Mohawk leaned round to Lenny as he grinned in amusement. \"Hey Lenny, how's that babe of yours, huh?\" Lenny's head instantly shot up at Mohawk's mention of Angela, his eyes wide and alarmed but he didn't dare answer. Stripe watched as Lenny tensed up out of the corner of his eye. \" God damnit Mohawk...\" The Gremlin leader mentally cursed. Mohawk smirked at Lenny as he leaned round on the table with one furry arm, trying to look cool as his bright red eyes sparked with excitement. \"Is she still smokin' hot as always?\" Mohawk cooed, as he leaned forward towards the other Mogwai, holding himself up with his hands, drool starting to take shape on the edge of his mouth as he thought about Angela in many disturbing ways, saliva practically gushing from his mouth as his eyes and head lead him to a world of his own. Lenny closed his eyes and shivered as he watched Mohawk drool over the thoughts of Angela, his whole body practically turned to jelly as he held his hands out in front of him and breathed heavily as millions of emotions rushed at him at once like a fire spreading. Jealousy, Anger, Guilt... it was just all too much right now and Lenny knew that to as he felt the teardrops sting in his eyes, which forced there jail cells open, revealing Lenny's tear stained maroon eyes, demoralised with guilt. As soon as he saw a tear in Lenny's eye, Stripe instantly felt his fists ball as he slammed his eyes shut, shivering with anger as he left the poker cards in their normal position, right in front of him. \" God damnit Mohaw k, why do you have to go and ruin everything ya little brat!\" The Gremlin leader practically cursed in his head as he slammed both fists on to the poker table, making the cards disperse like a ball of baby spiders, the four Gremlins and Lenny practically jumping out of their seats in alarm. Mohawk however, was still in his own world. THIS. WAS NOT. PART OF THE PLAN. How was Stripe supposed to get Lenny on his side if Angela was being mentioned at every turn? This was Stripe's BIGGEST obstacle of getting Lenny on to his side. Angela , his long time friend and crush, someone that soon he was going to dispose of... somehow. But the thing was, he didn't want Lenny on his back, he hated to see Lenny sad, especially now. But as Stripe snapped his blood red eyes open and glared at Mohawk, he felt the frustration bubble up at his obstacle, he wasn't angry because Mohawk hurt Lenny's feelings, he was angry because his plan was practically going to shreds. Raising one of his green Gremlin fists in the air, he whacked Mohawk round the head, forcing him out of his daydream and head first into the poker table, the Gremlins and Lenny instantly gasping in shock as Mohawk slowly removed his head from the table and glared straight at Stripe, anger flashing in his eyes. \"HEY! WHAT WAS THAT FOR? I WAS HAVING ONE FREAKIN' GOOD DREAM AS WELL TILL YA WHACKED ME ROUND THE HEAD!\" Mohawk yelled, as he looked the Gremlin Leader straight in the eye, not even a twinge of fear in his conscious. Stripe glared straight back at the Mogwai, getting right in his face. \"FOR MENTIONING THAT GIRL AT THIS FREAKIN' POKER TABLE! DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT LENNY'S BEEN THROUGH, PURE HELL HE'S BEEN THROUGH, DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS YA LITTLE SKANK?\" Mohawk peeped round Stripe and smirked at Lenny, that mischievous look back in his eyes, devilish glints sparking out towards the other Mogwai. \"Awww, you broke up with your babe, how sad...\" Mohawk cooed, as he put on an affectionate voice, one that wasn't exactly good either as his expression instantly turned back to pure evil. \"Ah well, at least I can take her for my own now and show her a right good- HEY!\" Stripe roughly grabbed Mohawk's arm and forced him to look at him as he pointed a Gremlin claw straight at the Mogwai's face, only millimetres away from the fur. \"DON'T YOU DARE MAKE FUN OF LENNY! CAN'T YOU SEE THAT HE'S GOING THROUGH PURE HEARTBREAK AT THE MOMENT?\" Lenny's eyes widened as he watched Stripe defend his corner. \"Stripe, it's alright, really...\" He glared at Mohawk. \"I can take him, or anyone else.\" Stripe kept his back to Lenny but his mind wasn't changed. \"NO LENNY! IT'S NOT ALRIGHT! HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO MOVE ON WITH THAT BRAT,\" Stripe pointed towards Mohawk as he turned back to Lenny. \"NAGGING IN YOUR EAR, AY?\" Lenny was about to say something, but he knew it was true, how could he move on from Angela when she was practically everywhere he looked, everything he thought about, and someone that many people talk about, how the hell was going to do it? He didn't even know how long he could do it neither but all he could do now was watch as Stripe fought for his behalf. \"NOW, IF YOU DARE SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THAT GIRL AGAIN I SWEAR TO YOU, I'LL- Mohawk crossed his arms and stepped towards Stripe. \"I'll behave.\" Stripe widened his eyes at Mohawk as he slowly pulled back from his gaze. \"What?\" he asked, surprised at the Mogwai's answer. Mohawk sighed as he rolled his eyes. \"I'll behave...\" He whined out slowly as he looked down at the table that he was standing on. \"Besides... it saves me from getting a god damn fist round my freakin' head.\" The Mogwai snapped, as he whipped his head backup towards the Gremlin. Stripe grinned, he had won the case, which was one thing he loved about being a leader, always being able to get his own way, he then turned to the Gremlins who were all leaning back on their chairs under Stripe's death glare with wide, frightened eyes. \"And that goes for you lot too, and if I see, one,\" The Gremlin leader pulled his finger out towards them and slowly scanned it over every one of them. \"Just one of you, insulting Lenny about his love life, your all gonna freakin' get it, kapeche?\" All four Gremlins quickly nodded, showing that they understood as the all leaned back even more in their chairs. Stripe grinned at their mercy. \"Good, cause if I do have to strike, that Gremlin will get a GOOD whacking round the head but this time, they won't be coming back up, you got that?\" The Gremlins once again done there scared nods as they all simultaneously leaned forward and tucked their chairs in slowly, waiting patiently for their leader to deal the cards out. Lenny frowned as an awkward silence descended over there area, all that was heard now were Gremlins in the background, and Stripe, shuffling the cards with a giant grin across his face, his red eyes glued to the table. The Buck tooth Mogwai was about to say something, but couldn't as Stripe had quickly covered his mouth with one of his hands before letting go seconds later as he kept his head down at his henchman in front of him, scaring them greatly before finally lifting his head up to look at them with a great big smile, the danger and anger now gone from his eyes. \"Now...\" Stripe whispered, as he shuffled the cards. \"Let's play poker!\" The four Gremlins were all frozen with freight as they sat in their seats, gripping the bottom of their chairs with their claws out of nervousness. One even gulped as he felt his heart beat fling back and forth like a paddleball and prayed silently, that he and his pals, would make it out unscathed by their leader's deadly poker game. The slamming of the door to the Peltzer Residence was heard, as Gizmo and Angela had just stepped in from the outdoors with giant smiles on their furry faces as they chatted about their latest topic: The Futterman's. Right now, Billy and Kate, along with Gizmo and Angela had just come back from their house, which they had gone to for a good few hours. The Futterman's really liked Angela and said that she could come visit again with Gizmo anytime and right now, Gizmo was telling her about how the Futterman's are linked in with his Gremlin enemies. \"And that's why Mrs. Futterman thinks that her husband's gone slightly loopy.\" Angela widened her eyes at Gizmo's explanation. \"Really?\" She asked. \"Geez... who knew that a few Gremlins can do that to you by driving a snow plow through your living room.\" \"Mr. Futterman isn't crazy.\" Gizmo explained, as he climbed up to the first step of his home. \"His wife just worries too much but hey, who can blame him for being slightly distressed, they were almost killed for pete sake!\" The Mogwai then sighed as he began climbing the stairs. \"You know something, if I could go back to that day when Stripe made his existence, I would fli- \"So, Gizmo,\" Angela said rather nervously, as she tried to get Gizmo off the subject of one of his worst enemies, who was now practically her master. \"What board game should we play? You said we would play one when we get home.\" Gizmo turned back to her, his face softening to Angela's gaze as he smiled warmly at her, one furry foot on the next oncoming step ahead of him. \"Yeah, sure!\" The Mogwai then turned his head away for a moment, as he tried to think which game would be best. \"Chess sound good to you?\" He questioned, as he turned back to Angela. Angela nodded enthusiastically. \"Sure.\" She replied. \"But you'll have to teach me.\" \"Don't worry,\" Gizmo explained. \"You'll learn well, even if it does take time, I used to play with Mr. Wing in that Chinese shop before I met Billy, he beat me loads but... sometimes I did win against him.\" Gizmo then turned away from Angela again, his head down and mouth whimpering slightly as he thought about his former owner's death. He was about to cry but quickly stopped himself as he brushed the forming tears out of his eyes and held his hand out to Angela. \"Hey, you need help climbing the stairs?\" Angela widened her eyes at Gizmo's gesture. Her mind was telling her to resist, especially because Lenny was still her crush, even if she did break up with him as friends, she just couldn't go that far with Gizmo again after that. But her heart was telling her the opposite, Angela could feel it beating as she looked at Gizmo's hand and then into his giant, dark chocolate eyes. Gizmo was always attractive to her and second best, mostly because she had Lenny as her main crush but... he was gone now, out of her life, he had made it clear earlier when she tried making peace and he wasn't coming back, not now, or ever again... Gizmo was all she had. Her Mind practically fought her Heart and her heart won. Gently, she grabbed Gizmo's hand, who helped her up some more steps until they were on the same step, where they looked into each other's eyes. Milk Chocolate eyes met Dark Chocolate as Angela leaned over to Gizmo because she had taken notice of him crying slightly, and whispered soothing words in his ear. \"Don't worry about it Giz, it's all in the past now.\" Angela then leaned out from Gizmo's ear, giving him a warm smile as her face started to turn red. Gizmo smiled warmly at her as he nodded slowly, taking note of what the Female Mogwai had said to him, her silvery voice echoing in his mind as he to, blushed bright red to her gaze, he could hear Angela giggle to herself as they both resumed to climbing to the top of the staircase, Gizmo's face bright red all the way as they climbed. Once they had both reached the top, Angela let go of Gizmo's hand and headed straight towards the bathroom. \"Look, Giz, I just need to go do some business, maybe you could get the chess board out and set it up on Billy and Kate's bed.\" Gizmo nodded to her. \"Yeah, sure, you can meet me in there after your done, k?\" \"Ok.\" Angela replied, before going to the bathroom, smiling at Gizmo for one last time and closed the door over. Gizmo smiled to himself as Angela had closed the door over. \" Gosh, Angela's a really cool girl, I really like her, and she's kinda sweet, like me.\" That thought was in Gizmo's head as he skipped merrily down the corridor to the upstairs closet, ready to get the game of chess from it. He pushed the door back a few times and after like the tenth one, he managed to get it open and pulled out the chess box from the floor, Gizmo was lucky that the game wasn't on the shelf otherwise, he would of had to make himself get up to the shelf somehow, which in his case, would take a long time. He picked up the chess board, his arms turning to jelly on the games weight, Gizmo wasn't the strongest Mogwai after all. He headed to the bedroom with a brimming smile and shaking arms as he stumbled quickly to the room. Once he was in, he set the game down on the floor, wiped the sweat off his forehead and practically fell back onto the floor, immersing himself into his own world as many joyful memories came to Gizmo's mind. Images of him defeat Mohawk with a fiery bow and arrow after he had pushed him too far, something which happened rarely for Gizmo. Images of him defeating Stripe by exposing him to sunlight, images of him, Angela, Billy and Kate being together like a family of four. Gizmo smiled at these memories, for he now knew, that nothing terrible, would ever happen again. \"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!\" Gizmo instantly shot up as a manic laughter resounded through the upstairs floor, a laugh that was very familiar to the Mogwai. A chill began to spring down Gizmo's spine as he felt his body go to jelly; practically shivering to death as many laughs of a Gremlin resounded through the entire floor, freezing Gizmo to his spot as he slowly touched his heart, which was beating like mad. This was just like his nightmare, only, it was a lot worse and a lot more... real. Shivering profusely, he reached for a nearby baseball bat, which was right up against the wall in the room. \"C-C-C-Come out you S-S-Stupid Gremlins!\" Gizmo stuttered, as he held the baseball bat high, ready to swing if any harm came his way. \"I'm ready for ya!\" No response came. Only more laughter as it seemed to echo throughout the whole house. Gizmo's teeth began to chatter as he crept forward slowly, trying not to make a sound as his head spun round like crazy, trying to find out where the laughter was coming from, the baseball bat slowly slipping from his grasp as his palms began to get sweaty out of fear. All the rooms on the upstairs floor were wide open so Gizmo doubted that the laughter was coming from anywhere upstairs, he also doubted that it was anywhere below him, as he hadn't heard Billy and Kate scream or take any reaction. The Mogwai slumped himself up against a wall, trying to karm himself down, his breaths coming out short and raspy as he tried to beat some sense into himself. \" Don't be daft Gizmo! There's no Gremlins, know why? Because you haven't spawned any! That's why! And Stripe and Mohawk, there dead for god sake! They won't come back for you! Unless... I must be hearing things... I really, must be, hearing things... unless Angela... no! Don't you even think that Gizmo! \" Gizmo slowly began to karm down as the laughter began to cease for the moment. Because of this, he lowered the baseball bat; he wasn't going to use it, but he still had it firmly in his grasp if he did need it. The Mogwai looked up at the loft, which was right above his head and saw something for the first time that he had never seen before: An open hatch, which was small enough to just about fit a Mogwai through. As Gizmo looked through the hatch however, he never saw a thing... only darkness, pure, insane, darkness. Gizmo then turned his attention from the loft to the ceiling above him; he narrowed his eyes, trying to find any source of the stomping Gremlin feet above him. For a moment, nothing happened, an eerie tension spreaded throughout the upstairs floor as Gizmo kept his eyes on the ceiling, eyes narrowed and teeth gritted into a snarl, it was like as if the Gremlins knew that Gizmo was watching them at this very moment. The Mogwai stared at the ceiling for more mere minutes and still, nothing happened. Gizmo sighed as he began to head back towards the Chess Board he left in the bedroom; he figured that he was just overreacting... [CRASH!] A deafening crash, broke through the house, seeming to come from above as Gizmo dashed back to the loft, looking up at it with a scared glint in his eye and gulped before grabbing the washing basket and put it in the position under the loft that he once was, as well as grabbing a giant pole, one that people use for washing lines to hold them up. \" I've got to check!\" Gizmo frantically thought, as he climbed up onto the washing basket, the giant pole still in hand. \" Because if I don't, it's going to drive me crazy! I'm sure there's no Gremlins, but I just want to make sure.\" Stretching his arms up towards the loft door, Gizmo lifted the pole up and proceeded to silently push the hatch away... \"GIZMO! WHAT THE BLEEDIN' HELL ARE YOU DOING?\" Gizmo instantly jumped and turned to the sound of the voice to see none other than Angela, who had only just come out from the bathroom, her eyes wide as Dinner plates and her soft, cream fur seemed to stand on end more than usual as she kept her gaze on Gizmo, who was frankly frozen to the spot, his arms still straight up holding the pole, unmoving as he wondered what to say. \"Um, well, I thought I heard a tarantula in the loft.\" Gizmo stated, as he finally lowered his arms down. \"What's with the pole then?\" Angela asked, as she kept her eyes on the giant wash pole in one of Gizmo's hands. Gizmo looked at the pole, then slowly looked back at her. \"I was going to use this... this... this pole, to hit it with when I was up there.\" He lied. Angela crossed her arms at him. \"Well, that does explain the wash basket under your feet then.\" She claimed, as she reverted her eyes to the wash basket under the other Mogwai's feet. Gizmo saw this and instantly went red as he too looked at the wash basket that he was standing on. Angela grinned as she saw Gizmo's embarrassment. \"So, aren't you going to set that game up then Gizzy, or am I going to have to tickle you to death for not doing it?\" The Female Mogwai cooed, as she grinned slyly at Gizmo. Gizmo's head instantly shot up at Angela's request as he quickly threw the pole down to the floor and jumped off the washing basket. \"Um, sure I will.\" Gizmo replied, before running stealthily towards the bedroom, where they would both soon begin their game of chess. Whilst Gizmo was setting the game up, Angela climbed up to the washing basket that Gizmo was on, grabbed the pole and slowly closed the loft over with a relived: 'Phew.' Before jumping off and began to push the washing basket back up against the wall. Personally, she was relieved that she had came out the bathroom when she did otherwise, the Gremlins secret Hideout would of been found before they had begun plus, her dark secret would of been found out too. \" Personally, I think that was way too close...\" Angela thought, as she finished pushing the washing basket up against the wall, her head then turned to Gizmo, who was putting all the pieces in their respective places for the game and began walking over to his location. \" But, what I want to know is... what made him go over there? I'm sure it's more than just a Tarantula phobia... I guess I'll confront him about it tomorrow, when things have settled down a bit more...\" \"Aw man Stripe!\" Mohawk yelled, as he threw his hand of cards on the table out of frustration. \"You beat us all again! And I was so FREAKIN' CLOSE as well!\" Stripe grinned down at the Mogwai as he collected all cards from the table. \"Oh Mohawk, stop being such a bad sport after all, I AM the king of poker!\" Mohawk frowned as he cursed many things under his breath, crossing his arms out of annoyance, his head then snapped towards Lenny, who was staring into space. \"Even buck face there beat me at freakin' poker for one game, and it was HIS FIRST BLOODY TIME AS WELL!\" The black and white Mogwai then layed his hands across the table before putting his head on top of his arms as he pouted with frustration. \"I'll never win a bloody poker game...\" He muttered. Lenny snapped out of his daydream at the mention of him and widened his eyes as Mohawk pouted in frustration at his many losses. \"Mohawk, you say that like I'm an expert, I'd say that it was all just beginners luck.\" Mohawk perked up and pointed his finger at the other Mogwai. \"YEAH, IT BETTER BE!\" He yelled, before going back to his last position. Lenny rolled his eyes. \" He's so immature...\" He then turned to Stripe, who was getting the box for the cards. \"So Stripe, is this the last game?\" Stripe nodded as he put the cards back in the box. \"Yep, six games is all we got time for boys.\" Mohawk instantly jumped up from his position, turning into that whiny child once again. \"Aw, but Stripe- The Gremlin leader covered Mohawk's button mouth as he turned to his underlings with a giant grin. \"Alright Gremlins, your free to go now, have a nice day!\" All four Gremlins never even hesitated as they all instantly jumped off their chairs, ever since Stripe's little incident with Mohawk earlier they couldn't wait to get out of there, god forbid, they were all lucky to still be alive at this very moment as everyone at the table actually played fair after their leader's death sentence. \"Thankyou your cruelness, it was fun playing with you.\" One Gremlin said, as he quickly backed off from his poker chair. \"Yeah boss, we should play again sometime!\" Another declared, as he followed his pals into the loft. Stripe smirked evilly as he watched his henchmen go. \"Anytime boys...\" He whispered rather creepily. \"Anytime...\" He then turned to Lenny, who was looking up at the Gremlin leader innocently, his furry face puffed with happiness. Stripe knew that this was the perfect time to tell Mohawk about his BIG Revenge plan that he had been keeping to himself ever since they had gotten into the loft, at least now... he could give Gizmo, the Mogwai who had taken everything away from him, a taste of his own medicine... something the Gremlin leader wanted to do for a LONG time... but to do that, he needed Lenny out the way as there was... certain bits that the Mogwai couldn't hear about. \"Um, Lenny, is it ok if you go and hang with George for a bit?\" He turned back to Mohawk, who was practically fighting to get Stripe's hand off his mouth, his small nails digging into the Gremlin's hand as he fought for air, Stripe kept grinning into the Mogwai's face as he made his statement. \"I want to talk to Mohawk in private about something... extremely important.\" Mohawk stopped struggling as his eyes instantly reverted to the Gremlin Leader, his red eyes widening at Stripe as he mentioned the words: 'Private.' And: 'Important.' Lenny's eyes were now glued to Mohawk, who had Stripe's hand practically stuck to his mouth and instantly had a churning feeling at the pit of his stomach as he thought about the many things Stripe may do to the Mogwai. Not wanting to be on the other stick of Stripe's pain, he instantly jumped off his chair before innocently pushing it in and looking up at the Gremlin Leader. \"Sure Stripe, you'll be with me later won't you?\" Lenny asked, as his maroon eyes sparkled towards Stripe. Stripe only grinned down at the Mogwai below him. \"Of course Lenny.\" He stated softly. \"Of course... now run along! I have business to attend to.\" Lenny then focused his eyes on Mohawk for one last time, looked at the grin Stripe was giving the other Mogwai and instantly gulped. \"O-Ok.\" Lenny stuttered, before slowly removing his eyes from the two of them and leaving the poker table, to look for his friend. Stripe watched as Lenny walked into the sea of Gremlins, that manic grin still on his face. Slowly, he removed his giant hand from Mohawk's mouth and turned towards the black and white Mogwai, who was practically breathing heavily for a gasp of air. Stripe stared at Mohawk as he regained his composure. Mohawk spotted this and instantly whipped his whole body round towards the Gremlin, annoyance clearly flashed on his face as he practically shouted: \"HEY! What was that for? Was there any need to cover my mouth?\" Stripe kept his grin on. \"Oh Yes, yes there was my friend, I couldn't have you ruining our own liddle chat now can I?\" The Gremlin replied, putting on a sweeter voice as his tone changed from: 'liddle.' Stripe then balled his fists together as he thought about his worst enemy, one certain little Mogwai. \"In fact, I was going to talk to you about... a certain little enemy of ours.\" Stripe then slammed his left fist down on to the table, as Mohawk was to his right, the angry adrenaline pulsing through Stripe's left arm as he kept his head down, before slowly turning towards Mohawk with one of the most vengeful expressions anyone could ask for. \"One that we all need to dispose of A.S.A.P!\" Mohawk gritted his teeth as he to, remembered the pain he went through... all because of Gizmo. \"I know Stripe...\" The Mogwai replied, as he felt frustration rush through his whole body, practically taking control of his mind. \"I FREAKIN KNOW! WE NEED A PLAN, AND WE NEED IT NOW, WE CAN'T JUST STAY HERE IN THIS BLINKIN' ATTIC STRIPE, WE NEED TO ACT AND WE NEED TO ACT NOW!\" The Mogwai screamed, as he slammed one fist into his other hand. Stripe felt his mouth twist into a smirk as he thought about his upcoming plan, one that he wanted to take to action, ready for Gizmo's demise. \"As a matter a fact Mohawk,\" Stripe trailed off, his voice getting low and bouncy. \"I already do have a plan... one that will make Gizmo regret ever getting wet and spawning us for the rest of his life.\" Stripe then paused as he thought about what he just said. \"Wait? Rest of his life? HE WON'T EVEN HAVE A FREAKIN' LIFE ONCE WERE DONE WITH HIM! HAHAHA!\" Stripe then let out his evil laugh as images of a dead Gizmo flashed through his brain, dousing the Gremlin into his own world. Mohawk narrowed his eyes as he watched Stripe go into a laughing fit. \"You done with your crazy laughing?\" The Mogwai asked, still frustrated. Stripe instantly snapped out of it as soon as he heard the Mogwai but all he did was stare out of bewilderment, he was surprised by how Mohawk didn't want to waste time. Mohawk took that as a yes. \"Good. Now what's the plan Stripe? Come on, Spit it out!\" The Mogwai shouted, he really wanted to know what this plan was and boy was he desperate, anything to get Gizmo out of their lives. Stripe practically sighed in frustration as he pulled out a roll of paper, which was tied together by an elastic band and passed it to Mohawk. \"Here.\" Stripe said, as he was waiting for Mohawk to take it from his claw. Mohawk's eyes flashed with impatience as he stared at the rolled up paper in Stripe's claw. \"A ROLL OF FREAKIN' PAPER, STRIPE, WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO WITH A ROLL OF FREAKIN' – \"Just. Look at it.\" Stripe growled, the roll of paper was still in that same position in his claw. Mohawk gave the gremlin a cold glare before swiftly snatching it out of his hand, chucking the elastic band who knows where and opened it up, his bright red eyes scanning what was on it, Mohawk felt himself grin evilly, as his frustration slowly died away whilst looking at the sheet of paper and even laughing to himself as he looked down at its contents. Stripe saw this and smirked. \"Like what you see Mohawk?\" Mohawk only nodded, his eyes practically glued to the paper as he gave out a dastardly smile. Stripe wrapped one of his arms round Mohawk. \"Well that my friend,\" The Gremlin lowered his face down to Mohawk's level, as he too looked at his plans. \"Is what I'm going to do to Gizmo. I can see it now Mohawk, us Gremlins standing over a bloodied Mogwai corpse...\" Stripe ruffled Mohawk's hairstyle as he removed his arm from round his neck and continued his speech. \"And then taking over the world... me and you ruling the world with an iron fist, ay Mohawk?\" The Gremlin whispered, still ruffling Mohawk's hair as he peered down at the Mogwai. \"All we need to do... is execute the plan... and were good as gold.\" Mohawk grinned at the ceiling as images flashed through his mind, images of a bloodied, bruised and broken Gizmo... at his feet, images of him and Stripe... ruling over a sea of Gremlins, waiting on their next orders from both Gremlin Leaders. Mohawk cackled out loud towards the ceiling and let out an evil laugh and for a Mogwai, it was really dastardly. The Mogwai then looked back down at Stripe's roll of plans and scanned over them again, this time with more focus and when he finished... he widened his eyes at the picture; this was going to be a BIG problem for them. \"Stripe... we may have a problem here.\" Mohawk said, as he looked at The Gremlin's plans. The Gremlin grinned down at him. \"And what may that be Mohawk?\" He asked. Mohawk looked back at Stripe, straight into his bold red eyes. \"How are we going to build this thing Stripe? Cause, it says here...\" The Mogwai paused as he looked at the sheet. \"Made from many materials built together. How are we going to do it Stripe, we barely know anything about building machines!\" Mohawk exclaimed, as he waved both his arms and the plan sheet in the air out of frustration before quickly pinning them to his sides as he turned back to Stripe. Stripe seemed to keep his composure as he answered: \"Well, that's just it Mohawk, were not the ones doing it. Brain is.\" Mohawk's eyes widened at Brain's name. \"WHAT!\" He yelled. \"Stripe, do you seriously think that- \"Of course he will.\" Stripe replied. \"Besides, he knows more than us don't he? Plus, we all want revenge against Gizmo as much as each other; I doubt that he won't work with me for it. He's smart enough to not fail me.\" \"BUT THAT'S JUST IT STRIPE! HE'S TOO FREAKIN' SMART! HE COULD TURN ON US AT ANY GIVEN TIME... Y'KNOW!\" Mohawk shouted, he then breathed extremely heavily as all his emotions cleansed again back to calmness, he looked back at Stripe, who was looking at him with a shocked expression. The Mogwai sighed. \"I'm sorry... it's just that... I don't trust Brain very much, that's all, especially since he took MY army in the Clamp centre building...\" Stripe patted the Mogwai's head playfully, once again flattening his hairstyle. \"It's ok Mohawk, I understand, my trust in Brain is only 25% since all those... pranks and stuff he did to me. But we need his smarts Mohawk, without them, we'll be stuck in the ditch I mean, he wants revenge on Gizmo too... right?\" Mohawk sighed again, seeming to think about it as he lowered his fluffy little head down before slowly lifting it back up, weariness crossing his face as he stated: \"Yeah... I guess your right there Stripe.\" He then tensed up. \"But I still don't trust him, even if he does want revenge on Gizmo, all I'm concerned about is that he's gonna turn on us, know what I mean Stripe?\" The Mogwai declared, looking Stripe straight in the eye. Stripe nodded as he looked at the ground, seeming to think about what the Mogwai had said. \"Don't worry Mohawk, I KNOW what I'm doing and if he ever does turn on us,\" Stripe punched the wall behind him, which started to form a hole where the Gremlin's fist had hit it, crumbles falling to the ground as Mohawk watched intently with wide eyes, Stripe however kept a smirk as he gave out his threat. \"He'll have a taste of my fist! And trust me, it won't be pretty.\" Stripe then removed his fist from the wall and turned his head to look around the loft. \"Now, all we gotta do is find that nerd... wherever the hell he is.\" Mohawk nodded to the Gremlin before turning round himself to look for Brain, he gritted his sharp Mogwai teeth and lifted his arm to his forehead, kind of like he was in the military and scanned the area ahead of him. As Mohawk got to the end of his loft scan, he saw the Einstein Gremlin down the bottom of the loft and from what he could tell; Brain seemed to be working on something, however, Mohawk couldn't figure out what it was but he had a feeling that they would soon find out. \"Stripe!\" Stripe looked down at Mohawk. \"What is it? You found him?\" Mohawk looked back at the Gremlin Leader. \"Yep, he's over there with his boring old hocus-pocus stuff.\" The Mogwai explained, as he pointed towards where Brain was. Stripe looked at where Mohawk was pointing and gave out a devilish grin. \"Yeah, but we may need some of that hocus-pocus.\" Stripe then leaned forward as he called out to the Einstein Gremlin. \"HEY BRAIN!\" Brain turned his head to the sound of Stripe's voice and stared at the two Gremlin Leaders, who were now walking over to his location. \"OH CRAP! They can't see this!\" Brain thought, as he quickly looked at his stuff. Quickly jumping out of his seat, he pushed all of his top secret gear away such as his mixing bowl, many ingredients and of course, putting the genetic sun block back in his jacket pocket before turning back to Stripe, who was sitting in Brain's seat, his left arm resting on the desk, a savage grin spread across his face. And Mohawk, who was standing on the desk with his arms crossed at the Einstein Gremlin however, unlike Stripe, his expression was full of anger, an evil glint in his big red eyes as his fluffy eyebrows narrowed at Brain and his sharp white Mogwai teeth gritted together like two attracted magnets. \"Ah Stripe, Mohawk, come to poke fun at me have you?\" Brain growled, as he walked towards them. Stripe smirked as he practically jumped out of the chair and wrapped his arm round Brain's neck, who cringed at Stripe's embrace. \"Um, no, actually. Brain, you see- Mohawk grinned as he cut Stripe off. \"As much as we'd love to do it.\" Both Gremlins looked at the Mogwai with annoyed expressions as he finished his sentence. \"Oh Shut up Mohawk!\" Stripe snapped. He turned back to Brain, who was still under his arm. \"What were you working on anyway? You didn't have to hide it from us Einstein, even though we might have teared it to pieces afterwards.\" \"Oh, it was nothing special really.\" Brain replied, looking at Mohawk more than Stripe. \"Just some samples of things.\" He then broke out of Stripe's arm as he took his seat back on the chair, resting his Gremlin claws in his lap. \"I could show you some if you like.\" \"YEAH BRAIN!\" Mohawk yelled. \"SHOW US SOME OF YOUR BLOODY SAMPLES! Because I gotta feeling that- \"NO SAMPLES!\" Stripe shouted, as he turned his head towards Brain. \"Listen Brain, we may need your help with our revenge against Gizmo.\" Brain smiled intently as his big yellow eyes widened with curiosity. \"Really? How so?\" Stripe held out his roll of paper to the Einstein Gremlin, who gently took it out of his claw, slowly removing the elastic band from its bind sensibly. \"We need you to make this machine, think you can do it?\" Brain opened the roll up, analysing all the details in front of him, taking notes of all labels that Stripe had written down before looking up at the Gremlin leader with a giant smile. \"My my, you really have gotten smarter since your last encounter with Gizmo Stripe.\" Brain commented, which made Stripe grin at his compliment. The Einstein Gremlin then went back to the paper and scanned over it again before once again looking up at Stripe. \"And as for the machine... I'll make it, I can really see why you need me here and I'll be glad to help.\" Stripe clasped his hands together in happiness as an evil grin once again spread across his face. \"EXCELLENT!\" The Gremlin cheered. \"How long will it take to make Brainy-o?\" Brain seemed to pause as a claw rested on his lip, seeming to think it over. \"Hmmm...\" Brain pondered, as he tried to avoid Mohawk's demonic look from the desk next to him. \"If I start tomorrow, it will probably take a day or two to make.\" Brain answered. \"Will that be ok for you Stripe?\" \"Of course it will!\" Stripe replied. \"The sooner it's done, the better and when it's done, I'll be able to GET RID OF GIZMO AND SOMEONE ELSE, WHO I HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO GET RID OF A.S.A.P!\" Mohawk swiftly turned to Stripe at the mention of his second victim to the machine; he desperately wanted to know who the Gremlin meant. \"Who's the second target Stripe?\" Mohawk asked. Stripe only leaned to the Mogwai's ear as he began whispering there name before slowly leaning back out. Mohawk crossed his arms in frustration because of who it was. \"AW! But Stripe- The Mogwai was cut off as Stripe began whispering the reason of their demise to the machine, something that made the Mogwai perk up a bit. \"Ah well, at least it was nice knowing them ay...\" Mohawk commented. Brain sighed at all the bickering. \"Anyway,\" He continued. \"I'll definitely have it ready for you A.S.A.P!\" Stripe's mouth practically dropped to the floor at Brain's statement. \"OH YEAH! DEATH TO GIZMO BABY!\" Stripe cheered, as he practically done a victory dance. He then held his hand out to Brain. \"Deal?\" He asked, with a savage smirk. Mohawk's red eyes shiftily swept back and forth from Stripe to Brain before finally stopping on the Einstein Gremlin, waiting for his answer. \"Hmmm...\" Brain pondered, as he spun round in his chair, keeping the back of it to Stripe as he thought about it for a moment before slowly turning round, lifting his hand forward and putting it into Stripe's, looking up at the Gremlin with one of his most evil expressions. \"Deal.\" He stated lowly, as he and Stripe shook hands on it, making the deal official. Mohawk only watched, stunned as both Gremlins shook on the deal right in front of him. \" I have a feeling that this isn't going to end well...\" Stripe then turned to leave, walking straight past the Einstein Gremlin. \"Alright Brain, I really can't wait to see how you do on my machine.\" Stripe then stopped still and turned his head towards the other Gremlin. \"All I'm going to say to ya Brain is, good luck!\" Stripe then started to walk into the darkness of the loft, Mohawk jumping off the table and following The Gremlin. Brain sat there for a few seconds as he watched Stripe leave, looking down at the floor before turning to yell: \"WAIT A MINUTE!\" Stripe stopped and turned his head back to Brain, saying nothing to his call. \"Don't I get something in return?\" The Einstein Gremlin asked. \"For you know... building that machine for you.\" The Gremlin Leader scoffed. \"Pft, nah! Nothing from me. Your enemy will be out of your life, won't that be good enough for ya?\" Stripe asked. Brain sighed, knowing this won't be going anywhere at all. \"Yes, yes I guess so.\" He replied, as he looked down at the floor. Stripe grinned, eyes and glints illuminating in the darkness. \"Good.\" The Gremlin stated gruffly, before walking off, Mohawk walking smoothly not far behind him. Brain kept his eyes ahead of him as he slowly lifted his head up, watching as Stripe and Mohawk walked the same way before stopping, doing a hi-five to each other and going their separate ways, Stripe going straight ahead of him while Mohawk went to the left, pushing himself past the many Gremlins in the ancient Peltzer loft. Noticing that both Stripe and Mohawk were out of his sight, Brain dashed back to collect all of his secret stash and put it back on to the table in front of him, panting heavily because of all the strength it took him after all, that box was extremely heavy. He stood on his chair, grabbed Stripe's plans and stuffed them in the box before pushing back some of the other items he had in there to get the one he wanted. Brain then gasped in delight as he layed his eyes on a certain familiar bottle: His Strength Potion! Not even hesitating, he grabbed the bottle and pulled it out of his box of science and jumped off the chair, which made it instantly reverse but, for the first time, the Einstein Gremlin didn't care as he twisted the lid open on the bottle and chucked it into the box behind him. Brain sighed as he looked into the bottle at the neon pink liquid, thinking of what he was about to do... right here, right now. \" I've got to do it!\" Brain thought, as he stared the bottle of potion. \" Because if I don't... this may fall in to the wrong hands and, Oh god, I don't want to think about it... and Stripe, he'll only get even more invincible so, I've GOT to DO IT, for my sake...\" Brain lifted the bottle to his mouth and was about to drink it and... \" NO! I won't, NOT YET! NOT NOW! No...\" Brain thought as he lowered the bottle down again. \" But... I'll be stronger, and that is what I'll need if I want to defeat Stripe!\" With this thought in mind, Brain never even hesitated as he lifted the bottle to his mouth again and... Drank it. As he drank, he could feel it, the power surging through his body, the everlasting glory protruding to his mind, as the Strength Potion did its work. \"Yes... Yes...\" Brain cheered to himself, as he threw the bottle to the floor, making the glass break into a million pieces as he felt his muscles get a little buffer, just a little. Brain then gritted his teeth to stop himself from screaming as he felt pain surge through him from head to toe, as the potion did its work. After a bit, the pain slowly died down, revealing that the potion had done its duty. Brain didn't look stronger on the outside, apart from his muscles and chest getting slightly buffer but on the inside, he felt spectacular as the power surged through his whole body, ready to strike out at any wrong doer in his path, just like a superhero. The Einstein Gremlin smiled as he turned his head towards a mirror and gasped at his buff arms, rubbing them slowly with his hands before turning around and heading towards his table. \"You know something.\" Brain said to himself as he grabbed his box. \"Just wait until Stripe witnesses my power, he's totally fooled, I'm only helping him with his little machine project to get him on my good side.\" The Einstein Gremlin explained, as he plonked his box in a corner and covered it over with a cloth. \"But I'm telling you this now, when I see that... that... white streaked maniac, I'll give him what for, not now of course, when it's the right time to, and when that comes...\" Brain smirked as he turned away from his location and started walking. \"I'll be ready!\" The Einstein Gremlin then stopped as he laughed evilly to himself, as an image of a defeated Stripe came to his mind. As his laughter ceased, he walked off into the crowd of Gremlins, wondering to do next as he politely excused himself through the crowd, like a potion had never even been drank in the first place. But what Brain didn't know was that the Mystery Gremlin had once again caught him at his dirty work, as they stood there in the shadows, grinning with all their glory, glad... that they had once again... found something out. WAHOO! Chapter 14 finally done! :D I hope you guys liked this cause trust me, it took a bit of time to work on. Anyway, here come the Questions! AND ACTION! 1 = Will Gizmo ever find out about his old enemies being back from the dead? 2 = Will Lenny and Angela ever confess their feelings for each other and get together? 3 = Will Stripe succeed in his plans, or will Brain stab him in the back first? 4 = Will the Mystery Gremlin ever make his appearance known? If so, who are they? And what is there goal in all this? 5 = Welp, let's just say I'm going to let you viewers think of the 5 th Question, you can tell me your question in the Review Box below. ^^ However, I will NOT answer them; you will just have to wait and see, hee hee. Gizmo: Yep, wait and see! Angela: Yeah guys, see you in Chapter 15! Stripe: Yeah, if I don't kill Gizmo and Angela first. Gizmo & Angela: *Gulps.* Welp, I gotta go guys, go to the Review Box below, and I'll see you in Chapter 15! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Gremlins characters except for Angela. Oh and just to let you kn"},{"Movie":"Coyote Ugly","Title":"Of Tragedies and Triumphs","Author":"Mags","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6671989","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: From Violet's POV: Losing a child is tough on anyone, but it's especially tough when you're rearranging your life for it. Violet's journey from loss to life again. Chapter 1: Prologue: Shock and Remembrance Dr. Mary Racer's Office Manhattan 1:30pm May 3rd , 2000 \" I'm so sorry to say this, but Violet, your baby died in utero,\" the doctor said to me. Now wait a minute, what did she just say? My baby died? He was fine this morning, moving and everything. Now he's dead? How did he die? Was he in pain? Questions were swimming through my mind that I wanted to ask but was too afraid to. Instead I just nodded. \" We need to deliver the baby as soon as possible. The nurse will take you next door to the hospital so we can induce you. A C-Section is probably what you want but is unnecessary. It would cause you more pain than what you're in right now, emotionally,\" the doctor said to me. Again I nodded, said goodbye and left the exam room, numb and confused. I went into the waiting room, sat down on the couch and waited for the nurse to come and get me. The first thing I did was get out my cell phone and call Kevin. He was just getting out of class so now was a good time to call him. \" Hey honey. Judging from that sad sigh something is wrong.\" Kevin said to me. I started to cry. \" Kevin, he was fine this morning but…\" I said between sobs. \" Violet, what happened to the baby? Tell me please!\" Kevin shouted. \" He died Kevin! The doctor couldn't find a heartbeat, she did an ultrasound and he wasn't moving! He's gone Kevin! He's gone!\" I sobbed louder. \" He's…gone? Baby where are you? Are you still at the doctor's office?\" Kevin asked me as I calmed down. \" Yes, I'm waiting for the nurse to come and get me to take me to the hospital. I need you now more than ever,\" I said wiping away tears. \" I'll be right there. St. Luke's, right?\" Kevin asked. \" Yes,\" I replied as I said goodbye to him and hung up. Then the nurse arrived with a wheelchair and I sat down in it and she wheeled me over to the hospital. It was a long ride in the elevator so I started to think about the beginning of what was to be a long nightmare. Flashback Violet and Kevin's Apartment Manhattan 12 noon September 25, 1999 Violet was sitting on the couch with her computer trying to finish a song when the door opened. It was Kevin with flowers and champagne. Violet just stared at him. \" Honey, what's wrong? You're not changing your mind about the engagement, are you?\" Kevin asked her. \" No not at all. Kevin, I have something to tell you,\" Violet said as Kevin sat down and faced her. \" Okay, I'm sitting down in case it's bad news,\" Kevin said. \" It's not bad news, not exactly. It's life changing, actually,\" Violet said. \" Violet tell me please before I pee in my pants!\" Kevin said. \" Okay, okay. I'm pregnant, Kevin.\" Violet said. Then there was silence for a minute before Kevin finally said something. \" Okay, now I'm so glad that I was sitting down otherwise I would've passed out. But now I have to go.\" Kevin said. Violet got a sad look on her face. \" To the bathroom, I mean, because I really have to go.\" Kevin said as he excused himself to the bathroom. It was a couple of minutes before Kevin came out. Then Violet started to cry. \" Violet, what are you doing? I'm not mad, see?\" Kevin said hugging her. \" I messed up our lives. What are we going to do?\" Violet said. \" Well, first of all we have to tell your family then our friends. Then we have to get rid of our spare stuff in the spare room and put it in storage,\" Kevin said as Violet stopped crying. \" So you're actually happy about this?\" Violet asked him. \" Sure I am. Are you?\" Kevin asked. \" Yes I'm very happy. Better sooner than later,\" Violet said giving Kevin a kiss. End Flashback The elevator doors opened and the nurse wheeled me towards room 502. Once we were in the room I got out of the wheelchair and sat down on the bed. \" Here's a gown. Roni and Sandy will be in here shortly to get you ready for the induction,\" the nurse said as she left the room. I put the gown on and laid down on the bed and covered myself up with the sheets. Then Roni and Sandy came in slowly. Roni was the first to give me a hug. \" Aunt Mary feels really bad about this and so do I. I wish I knew what you're going through but I don't,\" she finished. \" Well kiddo, I don't know if I can top what Roni said to you but I'm so sorry about all this and wish I could take all the pain away that you're feeling right now but I can't. How about we get you ready for the induction. Dr. Racer will be here shortly she's just finishing up with her patients at the office. She'll perform the induction,\" Sandy said as she and Roni started preparing me for the induction. Then Dr. Racer came in and did the induction then got paged away. Then Kevin came in and immediately went straight to me and gave me a hug as I cried in his arms. \" It's okay baby. I'm here. I'm here,\" He said trying to fight the tears coming to his eyes. Flashback Dr. Racer's Office Manhattan 3:00pm December 23 rd 1999 \" Hello Violet and Kevin ready to see your baby?\" Dr. Racer said as she came in the exam room. \" Yes ready as we'll ever be,\" Violet said as she laid down on the exam table. Kevin just nodded as he sat down next to Violet and held her hand. \" Let's see what we can see here…oh here we go. There's the head and a hand and both legs. The baby's pretty active. Want to know the sex?\" Dr. Racer asked as Violet and Kevin looked at each other and Kevin nodded his approval. \" Sure,\" Violet said as Dr. Racer moved the wand around until she smiled. \" Congratulations you two. Looks like you're going to have a little boy,\" Dr. Racer said. Violet and Kevin just smiled and hugged each other. End Flashback I couldn't take it anymore. It had been seven hours since Dr. Racer induced me and I was having the worst contractions but I was still dilated nine centimeters. Sandy told me that sometimes labor stalls at nine centimeters. A few minutes later Dr. Racer came in and checked me again. \" We're at ten centimeters. Violet, you're all ready to push. Do exactly as I tell you and this will all be over in a few minutes okay?\" Dr. Racer said to me as I nodded. Then the nurses started prepping for the delivery. Kevin and I gripped each others hands and prayed that this would all be over soon. \" Okay Violet we're ready. When I tell you to push, you push with all you can okay?\" \" Okay.\" I said quietly \" Okay, push!\" Dr. Racer said and I did what I was told. After that she told me to push again and I did. Then I felt burning then a pop then Dr. Racer said the head was out. Another couple of pushes and I was done. Since the baby was already dead there was no crying just silence. Dr. Racer handed him to a nurse who dried him off and wrapped him up in a blanket. \" Do you want to hold him?\" she asked me. I looked at Kevin who had to blink back tears but nodded for me to take him so I did. The nurse put the baby in my arms. I pulled back the blanket so I could see his face. When I did I couldn't help but cry. He was so beautiful, he had the face of an angel. He had a little bit of brown fuzz atop his head and his hands were soft and smooth. By the time I was done Kevin was crying and I knew that this was very tough on him. We had 7 more minutes with him when the nurse came back in. \" I'm sorry to interrupt but I have to take him to the morgue now. I'm so sorry,\" she said as she took him from me. \" What happens now?\" I asked softly as Kevin held me. \" The social worker will come in to talk with you shortly and help you make the arrangements.\" the nurse said as she left the room. Then Roni came in. \" You up for a visitor? Your Dad is here to see you,\" she said. My Dad peeked his head around the corner. \" Come in Dad,\" I said as he came in slowly. \" Um I got the message from Judy to come over here as soon as I got off of work. Since I never lost a child I don't know what you're going through now but I'm here to listen and give hugs,\" he said. \" Can I have a hug now?\" I asked. \" Sure,\" he said as he went over and gave me one and I just lost it. I cried into his shoulder so hard Kevin couldn't stand it and had to leave the room. Twelve Hours Later I was sitting up in bed eating breakfast while Kevin was still asleep on the cot when the social worker came in with some paperwork. \" Hi you must be Violet Sanford. My name is Theresa Robinson I'm the unit's social worker and I'm here to talk to you about what's going to happen next,\" the social worker said. \" So what's going to happen next?\" I asked. \" Well usually when a baby is born stillborn most parents will consent to an autopsy to find out the cause of death. Your son is in the morgue and we need to know what funeral home to call so whichever one you choose will pick up his body. Then there comes about what name to put on the death certificate,\" she said. \" We were going to name him Josiah, Josiah Andrew O'Donnell. He'll take my fiancé's last name,\" I said. \" Okay I'll put that on the paperwork then. Then what funeral home were you going to go with?\" she said. \" Martenson Funeral Home in South Amboy, New Jersey. That's the funeral home that handled my Mother's funeral,\" I said. \" Okay I'll make the phone calls to them for you. Is there anything else I can do?\" Teresa asked me. \" No nothing else thank you,\" I said to her as she said sorry and left the room. Kevin woke up. \" So that was the social worker?\" Kevin asked. \" Yes I didn't want to wake you up. She just wanted to know his name and what funeral home to call,\" I answered. \" You said Josiah Andrew right? And what funeral home did you choose?\" He asked me. \" The funeral home that handled my Mother's funeral and will handle my Grandmother's funeral when she dies, Martenson Funeral Home in South Amboy,\" I said. \" That's good. I'm going to go to the cafeteria. I'll be back soon,\" He said giving me a kiss and left the room. A few minutes later the door opened. It was Lil and Rachel. \" Hey Jersey I won't ask how you feel but I will give you a hug,\" Lil said as she came over and gave me a hug. Rachel did the same. \" I heard the news from Roni and Lil heard from your Pop. I am so sorry about all this,\" Rachel said. \" Yeah thank you,\" I said. \" Cammie would've been here but she's…\" Lil started to say. \" Having her baby right now. I know she called me. She knows everything,\" I said. \" Well if you want someone to talk to about this both of us have been through what you're going through right now,\" Lil said. \" Really? I didn't know,\" I said surprised. \" Yes Big Mike forced me to give up our only daughter when I was 26 years old. He didn't want any kids,\" Lil said. \" My son Caleb was stillborn. He was Jackie's twin brother. That's the reason she was born early. He died just 8 hours before and they couldn't just deliver him they had to deliver Jackie too,\" Rachel said. \" Wow. I'm so sorry.\" I said. \" It's okay Jersey we're fine. Well we have to get going. The liquor truck will be at the bar any minute now,\" Lil said as they said their goodbyes and left the room. Kevin came back in when they were just leaving. \" So, Lil and Rachel stopped by. What did they say?\" Kevin asked. \" They said they were sorry and that they been through what we're going through, something which I didn't know about them,\" I said. \" Really? I would've never guessed. Mind if I have a spot next to you?\" \" Sure,\" I said as I moved over so he could lay beside me. \" I have to say something, I've never experienced anything like this before and it's really been hard on me.\" \" It's hard on me too. I mean I held him and was expecting him to look at me but…\" I started to cry again and Kevin just held me close and started to cry too.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 2: Going Home and Facing Reality May 5th 2000 I was packing my overnight bag and getting ready to leave the hospital when the social worker stopped by. \"Violet, may I come in?\" Theresa asked. \"Sure,\" I said. \"I'm sorry I couldn't stop by yesterday I was so busy with admissions and discharges. I just wanted to let you know that the funeral home picked up your son's body yesterday and made an appointment with me for you and your fiance to discuss the arrangements with them. It's tomorrow at 1:00pm. Here's the card. Here's my card also if you want to talk.\" Theresa finished handing me two cards. \"Thank you.\" I said smiling a little. She left the room and Kevin came in. \"The car's out front. You all set?\" Kevin asked. \"Yes let's get out of here.\" I said taking his hand in mine and walking out of the room and the hospital together. 15 minutes later we arrived at our apartment building and opened the door. It looked very clean. I took my jacket off and sat down on the couch and turned on the TV. Kevin went into the kitchen and got us something to drink. Suddenly I heard Brahms Lullaby playing and I thought the music box got bumped into by my cat so I went into the spare room, which was supposed to be Josiah's room and ran my fingers along the railing of the crib then came to where the rocking chair was and sat down in it and started rocking myself slowly. The cat rubbed my leg marking me with her scent then jumped into my lap and I started petting her. \"Clancy, what are you doing?\" Kevin asked the cat as he came into the room with the drinks. \"She must've rubbed the music box and set it off,\" I said still rocking myself. \"Let's go in the living room okay? I'll shut the door so she can't get in here.\" Kevin said taking my hand, leading me out of the room and shutting the door after Clancy got out. I was kind of hoping I could spend more time in there but knew it wasn't right, not now. May 6th 2000 Kevin and I sat in the lobby of the funeral home, waiting for the funeral director to get us and lead us back into the family room to discuss the arrangements of the funeral. \"Hello you two must be Violet and Kevin. My name is Joe and I'm one of the funeral directors here. I'll be helping you out today. Come with me.\" he said as he lead us down the hall into the family room. Once we were there we saw a gift bag on a chair with a card attached to it. \"What's that?\" I asked, pointing to the gift bag. \"That's from the hospital. It's a keepsake book. You can open it when you feel the time is right.\" Joe said. \"Does Jill still work here?\" I asked. \"No she works in East Rutherford now at a different funeral home. Now on to business shall we? What church were you thinking of going to so I can pull up the pricing information.\" \"St. Andrew's here in South Amboy, the church my family goes to.\" \"Okay here it is. St. Andrew's requires you have the funeral there and it costs $300 to use the church. Are you going to have a meal there?\" \"No the meal will be at my Dad's house.\" \"That's good.\" he said as he continued on with the package prices. After a half an hour we were done and walking back to the car so we could go to the church and meet with the priest. 7:00pm May 6th Kevin and I were sitting at the kitchen table. He was studying for an upcoming test and I was finishing my supper. Then a knock sounded at the door. I went to answer it. It was Keith, my cousin. He must've got off of work just now. \"Hey Keith come in,\" I said opening the door. \"Hey Vi. I just wanted to stop by and see how you two are doing?\" Keith said sitting down. \"We're fine. Just shocked that's all.\" I said smiling a little. \"That's good. Okay I'll cut to the chase. I'm sorry for what happened. I can't find the right words to comfort you and console you so I'm just going to say I'm sorry.\" Keith said. \"Yeah thanks Keith. It means a lot coming from you.\" I said. \"Don't mention it. Oh and Kevin the dean at the fire academy just wanted to let you know that he's granting you a two week leave of absence. You can wait to take that test until after the two weeks are up.\" Keith said. \"Okay tell him thanks for me.\" Kevin said. \"Well I gotta go. Take care.\" Keith said as he left. Later that Night Kevin and I were asleep when I started have nightmares and night sweats. I woke up in a panic and felt a need to go into the spare room but it was locked. Kevin must've locked it up. I went to wake him up. \"You locked it? Why?\" I said angrily. \"Locked what?\" Kevin asked half asleep. \"The spare room. I need to go in there. I had a nightmare and I need to be in there.\" \"Violet I locked it because I can't stand to see you sitting in there pretending that he's still alive because he's not he's gone and we have to face reality.\" Kevin said defending himself. \"I'm going to my Dad's. Don't follow me.\" I said packing a small suitcase. \"Violet, why are you doing this?\" \"Because I can't be with you right now. I need to be alone.\" I said as I left the apartment.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 3: A Talk with Dad and Grandma's Secret 11:00pm May 6 th I got out of the car and went up to Dad's front door and let myself in. \" Judy? Are you home?\" I asked but no one answered so I went over to the couch, laid down and went to sleep. Fifteen minutes later the door opened and I heard my Dad and Judy laughing. \" What the? Who's in here?\" Dad said noticing the light on in the living room. \" It's just me Dad.\" \" Violet, what are you doing here?\" \" Me and Kevin had a disagreement. He wouldn't let me in the spare room. I had a nightmare and I needed to be in there!\" I said as I started to cry. Dad held me close until I calmed down. \" Violet, I'm going to tell you something. You need to understand it okay?\" \" Okay.\" \" Kevin's a sensitive guy. He loves you more than anything else on this planet and doesn't want to see you sad or upset. He wants you to be happy. That time at the hospital after Josiah was stillborn he had to leave the room when you cried into my shoulder. He hated seeing you like that. He's just trying to protect you from heartache. That's the truth.\" \" You're right. I was too hard on him. But I'm trying to grieve here. I just lost my baby and I want to just feel what I'm feeling right now.\" \" When's the funeral?\" \" May 9 th .\" \" You can grieve then. But as long as you're under my roof there is to be no crying got that? I hate people crying anyways.\" \" I got it. Thanks Dad. In the morning I'll go talk to Kevin.\" \" Before you talk to Kevin maybe you should talk to your Grandma first. I never told you this, but your Grandma lost a child before so she knows what it's like.\" \" Really? I didn't know.\" \" She's always kept that secret from you, Keith and Howie but it's about time you get to know the uncle you never had.\" May 7 th I woke up and my phone was ringing. I went to answer it but was too late. I checked my voice messages and noticed one was from Kevin. He was telling me that he decided to go to Chicago for a week to take time for himself so he could think things through. I was so upset that I threw the phone at the wall. It didn't break. \" What's all the commotion? Did Kevin call you?\" Dad asked me. \" He left me a voice mail saying that he was going to Chicago for a week to think things through. This is all my fault I shouldn't have left.\" \" Maybe he needs time to be alone, just like you.\" \" Yeah maybe we do need some time apart, to think. But what about the funeral? Kevin won't be back in time.\" \" I'll call the funeral home and the church and tell them to postpone the funeral.\" \" Okay well I better go and see Grandma.\" \" Oh Violet Gloria just called here again. She's sorry about the baby and wants to see you too so you might as well swing by her and Danny's place in Newark.\" \" All right I'll do that.\" I said as I left the house. 10:00am May 7 th I walked up to the retirement home that my Grandma lives at and saw her waiting for me. She broke her hip a few weeks ago and was sitting in a wheelchair. \" Hello Violet. I was just starting to think you wouldn't show.\" Grandma said. \" Sorry I'm late. Got stuck in traffic.\" I said. \" Well, how about you give me a ride back to my room so we can talk.\" I agreed with her and wheeled her back to her room and parked her in front of the couch and I sat down eager to hear about my late uncle. \" Can you get me those three photo albums that are sitting on the table please?\" I went to get the albums and set them down on her lap. \" Thank you. Now let's see here…Oh here we go. Here is a picture of your Dad, your Uncle John and your Uncle Joey. They were a set of triplets. Your Grandpa and I didn't know I was pregnant with triplets until the doctor kept on saying \"there's another head, and another head\" during the delivery. We only had one of everything and your Grandpa had to go out and get two more of everything.\" \" So who was the youngest?\" \" Your Uncle Joey was the youngest and smallest. Your Dad was the oldest and Uncle John was the middle child.\" \" So what happened to Uncle Joey?\" \" We went swimming at the Jersey Shore. The boys were three at the time and Joey was in the shallow water when a tide came in and swept him 50 ft. offshore. The lifeguard went after him but couldn't get to him because of the tide and the waves. He drowned 5 minutes later. I kept on screaming no, no not my baby. I was so upset your Grandpa had to carry me to the car and a neighbor helped get your Dad and Uncle John in the car so we could go home. That was the worst day of my life. I was so lost, helpless and depressed that your Grandpa had me committed to a psych ward at a local hospital. I spent three months there before I was released.\" \" Did you ever have nightmares or dreaming that he is still alive?\" \" Yes I did for a few months but the doctors and nurses told me that I had to face my fears and face the fact that he was gone and remember the good times I had with him and to honor his memory and that's what you need to do Violet. You need to cherish the time that you got to spend with your baby even if it was short but it's what you have and if I were you I would take a look at that keepsake book you got from the hospital. It will help you to heal and move forward. You can still grieve but don't push the people that love you away. I almost lost your Grandpa by doing that.\" \" Wow, you are so right Grandma. I think I need to go to Chicago, to explain things to Kevin but first I have to apologize to Gloria. I've been ignoring her phone calls so I better go see her.\" I said as I gave my Grandma a hug and a kiss on the cheek, thanked her and left. 12:00pm May 7 th I pulled up to Gloria and Danny's apartment building and saw Gloria sitting on a park bench watching a neighbor's kids playing on the playground. I went to sit down next to her. I kind of scared her. \" Violet don't scare me like that. Why didn't you return my phone calls?\" Gloria asked. \" I haven't been dealing well with Josiah's death these past few days and you're about to have a baby and Cammie just had her little girl and I couldn't be around babies and pregnant women after what happened. My Grandma told me today that I shouldn't push people away and that's what I've been doing. I pushed you and Kevin away and I might not have Kevin after this so I'm really sorry and I hope that you can forgive me.\" I said. \" So you found out the truth about your Grandma's little boy huh?\" \" How did you know about him?\" \" My Grandma and your Grandma were neighbors, remember? She was there when your Grandma's little boy drowned and helped your Grandpa get your Pop and Uncle in the car.\" \" Oh yeah they're also close friends and were in the police force together. Sorry my brain is so fried I can't even think straight.\" \" That's okay you've been through a lot these past few days. Your pop called a few minutes ago and said that Kevin went to Chicago. You need to go after him Violet. You love him and he loves you. You can't afford to lose him. I used to not like him but I see how he treats you and now I believe that he's the right man for you.\" \" Gloria do you really mean that?\" \" With all my heart. Now go get your man back.\" I gave Gloria a huge hug, thanked her, got in my car and drove off toward the airport. I caught the next flight out to Chicago hoping that Kevin will want to see me.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 4: Chicago and Kevin O'Hare Airport Chicago When I got off the plane I went straight out the airport doors and hailed a cab. While I was in the cab I called Kevin's cell phone. \"Hello?\" Kevin said sleepily \"Kevin, it's me, Violet. Before you hang up please let me explain things. I'm in Chicago, in a cab going to the nearest restaurant so if you want me to explain why I left you the way I did please meet me there.\" I said. \"Which restaurant?\" \"The cab driver said he's taking me to Rossetti's Pizza Place. It's at 576 Rushmore Ave. You gonna meet me or what?\" \"Of course let me get dressed first.\" Kevin said as we said goodbye and hung up. When the cab driver pulled up to the restaurant it reminded me of Pete's a lot so I paid the cab driver and walked into the restaurant. The waitress greeted me and I ordered a slice of Chicago style pizza and a Pepsi. 15 minutes later Kevin showed up dressed in a blue t-shirt and blue jeans. He saw me and smiled. I smiled back as he sat down. \"I thought you weren't going to show.\" I said. \"I was having second thoughts but you deserve a chance to explain so I'm listening.\" Kevin said. \"Well first of all I was mad that you wouldn't let me in the room so my first instinct was to leave and go to my Dad's. When I talked to him he suggested I talk to my Grandma because she had lost a child too, my would've been Uncle Joey when he was three. So I talked to her and she told me that she pushed away her loved ones just like I did and she said that my Grandpa almost left her. I'm afraid that the same thing that almost happened to my Grandparents is going to happen to us. I don't want to lose you Kevin, I mean that from the bottom of my heart. That's why I came to Chicago, to explain myself.\" \"Violet, I don't know what to say. So you really mean that?\" \"Yes I do. If you want to stay in Chicago for awhile I'll understand.\" \"Well, I came to Chicago to get away from New York, because I thought we were almost through, just like the time I got mad at you for not singing at the Elbow Room. But things are different from last time, we lost a child, a part of both of us and it may be hard for you but it's just as hard for me too. I loved him the second you told me you were pregnant and I was excited to be a father because I never had a father and I wanted to raise him the way that he should be raised with love and discipline, just not as harsh as my many foster parents were to me. I wanted to have a chance to be needed for once, that's all.\" \"But you are needed Kevin, by me, by my family, by our friends and as soon as you graduate from the fire academy you will be needed by your fellow firefighters and the city. You are such an important part of my life and everyone else's lives. Please don't forget that.\" \"Okay now you're going to make me cry,\" Kevin said wiping away a tear and giving me a hug and a kiss. Everyone overheard us and was clapping. Then the waitress came over. \"I overheard what you were saying and you guys sound like you got quite a support system back in New York and you should go back. Not that I'm saying Chicago is bad but I made the mistake of leaving my home town for Chicago and I wish I didn't. I had such a great support system back home and I threw it all away for a man who just left me for another woman. So go back to New York you won't regret it,\" the waitress said. \"Thank you I think you just made up our minds,\" Kevin said. \"Your Welcome,\" the waitress said as she went to another table. \"So should we head back to your hotel and pack?\" I asked. \"Yes let's go so we can get on the next plane home,\" Kevin said as we left the restaurant hand in hand. An hour later we caught the next flight to New York and a few hours later we were back in New York and came home to my Dad, who was waiting for us at the airport. \"Hey Dad what's wrong?\" I asked noticing that he had a sad look on his face. \"It's Gloria. She was in a car accident with Danny. Her, the baby and Danny may not make it,\" he said.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 5: Hospitals and Good News, Bad News St. Mary's Hospital Newark, New Jersey 10:00am May 8 th , 2000 When we got to the hospital we went to the Intensive Care Unit waiting room. Gloria and Danny's parents were there along with their grandparents. My grandma Rose was sitting next to Gloria's grandma Ethel trying to comfort her. Gloria's Mother wasn't too pleased to see me. \" Well look who decided to show up. She obviously cares more about her love life than her best friend,\" Gloria's Mom said. \" I wasn't gone that long and if I knew sooner I would've been here sooner,\" I said about to cry. \" Shush Doreen the accident happened at 6 pm and they were on their way home so don't blame Violet and Kevin they didn't cause the accident the stupid idiot who was drunk behind that semi was responsible and he's going to get what he deserves so just shut up!\" Ethel said. \" Okay fine I'll shut up. I'm sorry I forgot that you just lost a child so I'm sorry,\" Doreen said giving me a hug. \" So what happened to Gloria and Danny?\" Kevin asked. \" They were broad sided by a semi. The driver of the semi was drunk. They slammed into a concrete divider. They were on the way to the hospital because Gloria was ready to have the baby. After the accident they were taken to the hospital and the doctors performed a c-section to deliver the baby, who's a boy. He's in the NICU in critical condition. Gloria and Danny are critical too. They'll only let family in and I tried asking them if you could come back but they said no,\" Gloria's father finished. \" That's okay I can wait here,\" I said when the doctor came in. \" Can I speak to the family only please?\" The doctor said to Kevin, my dad and I. \" Now listen here doctor my daughter and your patient are like sisters they do everything exactly the same so if you want to speak to the family only that's fine,\" my dad said. \" I'm sorry I didn't know well then I suppose you three can stay. Gloria and Danny had internal bleeding and multiple broken bones and I'm giving them a 50/50 chance of making it. While it may look promising they aren't out of the woods yet. There is good news they're pupils are reactive meaning that there's still brain activity going on but that may change. I can see about letting your daughter go back to see her friend I'll go check.\" The doctor said to my dad as went back to the treatment area. He came back and gave me the okay to go back there. \" How about Gloria and Danny's parents go back to see them first then the grandparents and then the best friend. They're in separate rooms so two people at a time in each room please and 15 minutes each visit,\" the doctor said as he went back to work. \" We better go back there. We'll be back in 15 minutes,\" Doreen said as she and Charles, Gloria's father went back there. I went over to where Ethel was and sat down next to her. \" So when's the wedding date or should we talk about it?\" Ethel asked. \" Me and Kevin were going to decide on a date after we had Josiah. We didn't expect him to be stillborn,\" I said. \" Yeah I'm very sorry for your loss but you have to be strong not only for you but for Gloria as well. She needs you now more than ever please remember that.\" \" I will Ethel I will I promise,\" I said as I started to cry. I went over to Kevin and I hugged him tightly. He wiped my tears away and held me close. 45 minutes passed and Kevin and I were allowed back to see Gloria first then Danny. She was wrapped in bandages and was on a ventilator. Her leg was in a sling. I went over to her side and took her hand in mine. \" Gloria I'm so sorry this had to happen to you. I feel like it's all my fault. I shouldn't have left you I should've stayed and protected you. You tried to protect me after I lost Josiah but I pushed you away. Please don't leave me Gloria please!\" I cried as I ran into Kevin's arms and he led me out of Gloria's room. I couldn't even bring myself to see Danny I just had to get out of there before I really lost it. Everyone took one look at me and started crying even my Grandmother started to cry. We just sat together until a doctor came up to us. \" Hello is this the Vanetti/Malenero family?\" the doctor asked. \" Yes what doctor are you?\" Doreen asked wiping away tears. \" I'm Doctor Morgan the neonatologist who is taking care of your Grandson up in the NICU. I just wanted to let you know that he has no sign of brain damage just a couple of broken bones that were taking care of. Do you wish to see him?\" the doctor asked. \" Of course we should all see him. It would do us good,\" Doreen said as we all followed the doctor upstairs to the NICU. When we got up to the window of the NICU the nurse rolled the isolette over to the window so we could see the baby up close. He was a big baby with his left arm and right leg in a cast. He was still on a ventilator but would be taken off of it in 8 hours the doctor said. \" What were they going to name him again. She told us at the baby shower remember Violet?\" Doreen said. \" I think it was Aaron Daniel for a boy and Violet Grace for a girl,\" I said smiling. \" Aaron Daniel it is. We'll wait to put it on the birth certificate until Gloria and Danny wake up. They might change their minds,\" Charles said as we continued to look at the baby finally relieved. New York City 12:00pm May 8 th Kevin and I opened the door to our apartment and Clancy was meowing at us wanting to be fed so I got out some cat food and fed her. The music box in the spare room was playing again. Kevin and I looked at each other and sighed. \" You thinking what I'm thinking?\" Kevin asked me. \" Yes I am. Give the music box, small furniture and clothes to Gloria and Danny and the big furniture to a thrift shop,\" I said. \" Wait, you don't want anymore children?\" Kevin said. \" Oh yeah I do just not now. Tell you what, we'll put the big furniture in storage and when we need it we'll get it out.\" \" That's better. We should decide on a date for the wedding instead of putting it off because of all this.\" \" You're right but we should wait until Gloria and Danny wake up and recover first then we'll decide.\" \" Okay I can live with that. Let's start boxing up that stuff,\" Kevin said as we started taking down the spare room. Everything seemed all right again, at least for now.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 6: Improvements and Changes 10:00 am May 22nd, 2000 I was busy with housework when the phone rang. I went to answer it. \"Hello?\" I said. \"Hello is this Violet Sanford?\" The voice on the other end said. \"Yes it is. Who is this?\" \"Yes this is Joe the funeral director at Martenson Funeral Home calling. We haven't heard from you regarding rescheduling your son's funeral and I just wanted to know when you want to do that. If we have to keep your son's body another week we're going to have to charge you a holding fee.\" \"I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner but my best friend and her husband were involved in a car accident and they're still in the ICU as well as their newborn son and I have been going back and forth from Newark to see them so it's been pretty hectic but I have some time now to reschedule the funeral. Can we just have a graveside service instead of a funeral at the church?\" \"Sure we can that will change the price. We already have a plot reserved for him by your Mother and Father's plots in Hillview Memorial Park so sure we can arrange a graveside service. When would you like to have it?\" \"May 25th if that's okay?\" \"Sure is. The priest is available that day. Would 12 noon be okay?\" \"Yes that'll work.\" \"Okay I have it down in the books. See you on the 25th.\" \"Thank you, bye,\" I said as I hung up. That was over, I thought to myself as I continued to clean the house. 3:00pm I got to the hospital and was surprised that Kevin was there. He had a big smile on his face so I knew that there was good news. \"Hey, what're you doing here?\" I asked him. \"I'd thought I would meet you here after my classes were over. I just heard from Gloria's father that she woke up along with Danny. He's back there with them now,\" Kevin said as I hugged him. Then Gloria's father came out. \"Oh Violet you're here. Good news they just woke up and Gloria's asking to see you, and the baby. I don't know how we're going to arrange that maybe we can get the nurses to take pictures of him.\" her father said. \"I'm sure the nurses can take pictures of him. I'll go see her first then we'll see the baby,\" I said as I went back there. When I got to Gloria's room there were a couple of nurses in there. They came out and said hi then I went in. \"Hey Gloria, how are you feeling?\" I asked. \"Like I've been ran over by two semi trucks. How are you doing?\" she asked a little weak. \"Good but please don't scare me like that again. I was so worried about you.\" \"I'm sorry Vi. Did you see the baby yet? Boy or Girl?\" \"Yes I did and you had a boy. So is Aaron Daniel his name or what?\" \"You remembered what I said at the baby shower. Yes that's his name. Aaron after Danny's little brother who died of leukemia at age 5 and Daniel after Danny.\" \"That's sweet. I'm going to visit with you some more and then I'm going to go to the NICU to get some pictures of the baby for you and Danny to look at.\" \"Sounds good. Gosh I'm so tired. Waking up takes a lot out of a person.\" \"Then I'll leave you to rest and I'll go see the baby. I'll be back in a few hours,\" I said to Gloria as I gave her a hug and left the room. I looked into Danny's room and saw he fell back asleep. I went back to the waiting room where Kevin and Gloria's father were. \"She's pretty tired right now. I told her we would see the baby and get pictures to show her and Danny. She liked that idea.\" \"Well let's go see him now,\" Gloria's father said as the three of us went up to the NICU to see little Aaron. When we got up there a nurse was giving him a bottle. Another nurse let us in and told us to wash up and put gowns on over our clothes. We went over to where the baby was. He didn't notice we were there at first but then he started to look around and noticed. He started moving his good arm and good leg around and cooing softly. \"So, have the parents woken up yet? We need a name for him,\" the nurse who let us in said. \"It's Aaron Daniel Malenero, and yes they just woke up.\" I said. \"Okay thank you. I'll put it on the birth certificate and have them sign it in the next day or two.\" the nurse said as she went back to work. \"Would any of you like to hold him?\" the nurse holding the baby asked. \"You should hold him first,\" I said to Gloria's father as he nodded and took the baby from the nurse. He held him close for 20 minutes speaking to Aaron in baby talk. \"Okay who's next?\" Gloria's father said to me and Kevin. Kevin nudged me and I couldn't resist. \"I'll take him,\" I said as her father handed me the baby and I sat down in the rocking chair and rocked him gently. It took everything in me to not start crying and thinking of the baby as my own but I did it. \"He's so beautiful. He looks just like Danny,\" I said. Kevin and Gloria's father agreed. Kevin didn't want to hold the baby because he wasn't too sure of himself so I put the baby back in the isolette and we had the nurse take pictures. When we got back to the ICU Gloria was waiting for us. I went up to her and showed her the pictures. She cried when she saw them. \"He looks just like Danny, he's so beautiful. Did you guys hold him? I heard he had a couple of broken bones but he looks good doesn't he?\" Gloria asked. \"Yes he looked so good and we did hold him.\" I said. \"Good. Did you reschedule the funeral for your little boy yet?\" \"Yes I did. I tried to schedule it after you got out of the hospital but they would've charged me a holding fee to hold his body and we couldn't afford that so it's on the 25th of this month in 3 days.\" \"That's okay you had to do what was best for you and Kevin so we totally understand.\" \"Thank you. We better be going. See you later Gloria.\" \"Bye Vi and thank you. You're the best friend a girl could ever have.\" I smiled at her and left the room with Kevin. When we were out of the ICU Kevin and I started talking. \"I was so proud of you today, holding the baby. It was really a Kodak moment there,\" Kevin said. \"Yeah I can't believe I made it through without crying,\" I said. \"Now we just have to get through our son's funeral.\" \"Yes we do but we'll do it I'm sure,\" I said as we left the hospital.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 7: The Funeral and Setting a Date 11:45am May 25 th Hillview Memorial Park, South Amboy, New Jersey I was sitting in the family room which is inside the mausoleum at the memorial park where my mother is buried playing with my fingers and thinking about what was going to happen 15 minutes from now. I was going to lay my son to rest. We still haven't heard back from the coroner who did the autopsy to find out Josiah's cause of death so we still don't know the real reason he was taken from us so soon. Kevin walks up to me and sits down next to me. \" Hey, are you okay?\" Kevin asks. \" I'm fine. I don't know why I'm so nervous,\" I said. \" You don't have to be. You have me and your family beside you so you don't have to worry. The priest is ready to start.\" I nodded my head and took Kevin's hand as he led me out of the mausoleum and through the park to where my mother was buried. Josiah's grave marker was already there. It read: Josiah Andrew O'Donnell Born and Died May 3, 2000 A Sweet Little Boy Now an Angel Among Angels It was perfect and fit him perfectly. I started getting teary eyed when I saw his light blue casket slightly above ground. The priest began talking about when a baby dies it's painful especially for the parents who waited nine months to hold and spoil their baby but it's suddenly taken away from them. Then the priest said the same prayer that was said at my mom's funeral. That's when I started to cry. Kevin and my dad put their arms around me to hold me up. Then it was time to put the roses on Josiah's casket. Everyone took a rose, said a little something and put their roses on his casket. When I got up there I whispered \"I love you my dear sweet little boy, be good for grandma\" and put the rose on his casket. After a few minutes the park caretakers lowered his casket into the ground and we all started to walk away to our cars to make the drive to my dad's for lunch. Before I started to head towards the car I had a leftover rose which I put on my mother's grave and asked her to keep Josiah safe. I then headed to the car. At my Dad's house people were coming up to me and telling me to stay strong. One person tried to change the subject and asked when the wedding was. I said I didn't know. Then my phone rang. It was the coroner. I went into the downstairs bedroom and shut the door. \" Hello?\" I answered. \" Is this Violet Sanford?\" the coroner said. \" Yes this is.\" \" Hello Violet this is Barry Roberts, the coroner for the city of New York calling. I'm sorry for not getting back to you sooner but we've been so busy lately with autopsies but now I have the chance to talk to you about the results of your son's autopsy. Do you have a minute?\" \" Yes I do.\" \" Good. I'm going to say this first, you did nothing to cause your son's death in any way, okay? Your Son died of an aneurysm that burst in his brain. It happened so quickly that he was in no pain at all. You did everything right with your pregnancy just know that, okay?\" \" Okay thank you for calling. I'll let my fiancé know. Bye.\" I said as I hung up the phone. \" Who was that?\" Kevin asked me, coming into the room. \" That was the coroner. Josiah died of an aneurysm that burst in his brain. He said that it happened so quickly that Josiah was in no pain. He also told me that I did everything right in my pregnancy,\" I said. \" Well that's a relief. How about we leave here and go to the pier to relax? We need to talk about setting a date for the wedding. Everyone's been wondering about that.\" \" Okay that sounds like a plan,\" I said as we said goodbye to everyone and left my Dad's house and drove to our spot at the pier. Once we got there we got on top of the roof of the car and looked out at the bridge. \" Okay I'll start. How about we choose the date first then where we're getting married,\" Kevin said. \" Well how about a July 2002 wedding? Since you're graduating from the fire academy in December of this year and you'll be working as a rookie for almost a year after that that 2002 would be a perfect year for the wedding. I was thinking July 14 th ,\" I said. \" July 14 th sounds good. I was thinking we could get married here, at the pier.\" \" The pier? But there's a trash barge down here and sometimes there are dead fish,\" I protested. \" Then we'll order a bunch of good smelling flowers. That will mask the smell,\" he suggested. \" Okay you win. We'll have the wedding at the pier. I just hope it'll be nice outside on the 14 th,\" I said as Kevin leaned in closer. \" Like I always say, I like winning,\" he said as we kissed. 4:00pm St. Mary's Hospital Newark, New Jersey Kevin and I went to the hospital to see Gloria, Danny and Aaron who were all in a regular room together. When we entered the room Gloria was changing Aaron's diaper with the help of a nurse while Danny was looking up something on the internet on a laptop that the hospital loaned him. \" Hey you two come on in. I'm almost finished with changing Aaron. How was the funeral?\" \" Good. Kevin and I have something to tell you two,\" I said. \" What? Is it about the wedding and setting a date?\" Gloria asked. \" Yes we set a date. The wedding's going to be almost 2 years from now, on July 14, 2002.\" \" Oh that's a great date for the wedding Vi. In the middle of summer so it'll probably be a nice day out.\" \" Yeah and I hope you'll be my maid of honor Gloria,\" I asked her. \" Of course I will. Me and Danny will have to do physical therapy for 6 to 8 months so that gives us time to get ready.\" Gloria said. \" We kept you and Danny and your recovery in mind and the fact that Kevin will have to get used to being a firefighter too.\" \" Once Danny and I get out of here you and I will have to look at dresses.\" \" Sure that'll be great,\" I said as we talked some more. I just knew that everything was going to be fine from here on out.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 8: Meeting Cammie's Baby Girl 11:00am June 1st, 2000 I was doing the dishes from last night when the phone rang. I looked at the caller id. It was Rachel. \"Hey Jersey. How're you doing?\" Rachel said. \"Fine. I was actually waiting for you to call. I want to see Cammie. I haven't been a friend to her lately considering what happened and I just need to apologize,\" I said. \"Jersey, you don't have to apologize to Cammie. She understands what you're going through and she's given you space to heal.\" \"I know but I haven't even met her baby girl yet. Do you have time to pick me up and take me to Brooklyn to see her?\" \"Sure I do. I'll ask my cousin's girlfriend if she'll watch Jackie for me.\" \"Okay see you in 30,\" I said as I hung up and got the gift I was meaning to give Cammie after she had her baby out of the top drawer of the bedroom dresser. It was a stuffed animal, a lamb that was praying. It played \"Brahms Lullaby\" when you wound it up. 30 minutes later Rachel was honking her car horn so I grabbed my purse and the stuffed animal and headed to Rachel's car. We made our way to Cammie and Al's apartment in Brooklyn. 30 minutes later we arrived there to the sound of little kids playing in a nearby school yard and birds chirping. We entered the apartment building and knocked on the door to apartment number 5. Cammie opened the door. \"Hey Rachel. Oh my gosh Violet! It's so nice to see you! Come on in you two. Al's at work and the baby's about to wake up from her nap,\" Cammie said shutting the door behind us. \"Cammie, Violet wants to say something to you,\" Rachel said nudging me. \"Yeah I wanted to say thank you for giving me some time to heal and I'm sorry for not seeing you sooner,\" I said. \"Oh honey there's no need to apologize. I understand what you went through so it's okay. Oh, the baby's crying. Come with me to meet her,\" Cammie said as she led me to the bedroom. When we got in there it smelled heavily of baby powder. Cammie went over to a light pink bassinet and lifted the baby out. She was dressed in pink, of course and had a pink headband on her head. It had a pink bow attached to it. \"Here she is. Sarah Evangeline Carter. Sarah means \"Princess\" in Hebrew and Evangeline was my mother's name. She was killed in a car accident along with my father in Russia when I was 10.\" \"Oh she's beautiful Cammie. She looks a lot like you but has Al's hair.\" \"I know Al's always joking about that. He takes all the credit for her hair. Want to hold her?\" \"Sure,\" I said as we went back to the living room. I sat down on the couch and Cammie put Sarah in my arms. \"She likes to be cuddled close to your chest,\" Cammie said as I held the baby close to my chest and she cuddled into it. I wanted to cry then and there but I didn't. I just smiled. \"I have something, for the baby. Rachel will give it to you since I can't,\" I said as Rachel gave Cammie the stuffed animal. \"Ooh, it's adorable! I love lambs!\" Cammie said. \"Wind it up. It plays \"Brahms Lullaby\". I picked it because it did,\" I said as Cammie wound it up and the song started to play. \"Aww Violet thank you. I'll put it in her bassinet so she has it to sleep with every night,\" Cammie said as she put the lamb in the bassinet. \"So, when are you going back to work? Lil must really miss you.\" \"Yeah she really wants me back. The new girl that's filling in for me isn't doing well at all. Rachel can tell you the rest. I go back next week Monday but Lil's probably going to convince me to come back this week sometime.\" \"Yeah, the new girls she finds don't really do well. Let's move on to the next subject. Kevin and I set a date for our wedding.\" \"Ooh, when is it because I need to plan ahead.\" \"It's on July 14th, 2002. Can I ask you something Cammie?\" \"Anything you know that.\" \"Okay I was wondering if you wanted to be my bridesmaid.\" \"Really? Of course I will. Will the dresses be pink? You know I like pink.\" \"No you're thinking of your wedding. They'll probably be baby blue.\" \"That's good. I look good in baby blue too. I can't wait!\" \"Me neither,\" I said. An half an hour later we left Cammie and Al's apartment and Rachel dropped me off at my place. Kevin was on the couch studying. I sat down next to him and he put his book aside and took me in his arms and we cuddled on the couch together, watching TV. 9:00pm Kevin and I ended up falling asleep on the couch still snuggled in each other's arms when the phone rang. It was Rachel. \"Hello?\" I said into the phone. \"Jersey, you need to come down to St. Vincent's Hospital now. Al got himself into an accident on the bridge and Cammie's a wreck. She's down here with the baby,\" Rachel said. \"Okay, I'll be right down there. Just give me a few minutes,\" I said as I told Kevin what happened and he offered to drive me to the hospital. I just hoped Cammie would be okay after I got there.[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 9: Cammie's Heartbreak 10:00pm June 1st, 2000 St. Vincent's Hospital Kevin and I got to the hospital to see Rachel and her cousin Conner standing outside the entrance to the ER. We got out of the car and walked up to them. \"Hey Rachel what's going on? Where's Cammie?\" I asked. \"In the family room with the baby. The reason I called you first was because Cammie asked for you after she saw Al's body.\" Rachel said. \"Wait a minute. Al's…dead?\" \"Yes he is. He was killed on impact. As soon as I heard about Al from my cousin I went to tell Cammie and of course she broke down and said they got into a fight when he was already drunk. He's been doing that lately, getting drunk and then fighting with her. Well this time she told him that she was going to leave him if he didn't stop drinking. That's when he got in the car and drove towards the bridge and met a semi truck head on.\" \"Wow. Cammie did mention to me that Al drank off and on. Where's the family room?\" \"Down the hall past the exam rooms. I'll go with you,\" Rachel said as Rachel and I went to the family room. When we got there it was empty. Rachel then went to exam room 3 and saw Cammie sitting in there rocking Sarah. I went up to her and touched her arm gently. She looked up and saw me and smiled. \"Violet you're here. Rachel must've told you what happened,\" Cammie said wiping away a tear. \"Yeah she did. You know, how about we go to the cafeteria and get something to eat. The guys from the morgue are here to take Al's body there,\" I said. \"Okay. I've said my goodbyes already. Let me just get Sarah's stuff out of the family room,\" Cammie said as she went to the family room and grabbed Sarah's diaper bag and car seat which I took from her. Then we made our way to the cafeteria. Once there we found a small table that we sat down at and I went to the coffee machine and got us two cups of coffee, one decaf for Cammie, and I sat back down. \"Thank you for coming here. You didn't have to,\" Cammie said. \"Are you kidding? You're my best friend Cammie. I was actually surprised that you were asking for me,\" I said back. \"Yeah. You're like my sister Violet, even though I have a sister. You understand me and that makes a great difference.\" \"Cammie, I don't know what to say but thank you.\" \"Your welcome. Not another police officer,\" Cammie said as a cop was coming towards us. \"Hello, Camille Valenov I presume. I understand that you were Al Carter's girlfriend, correct?\" the officer asked. \"Yes I was. He was going to propose to me but never got around to getting a ring,\" Cammie said. \"Okay. We need to know if Al had any family so we can notify them of his death.\" \"The only family he has is his sister but she's in jail for armed robbery. She's serving a 5 year sentence.\" \"Okay we'll let the prison system know. Did he have a will describing his wishes?\" \"Now that you mention it he did. He had a life insurance policy he took out before our daughter was born and he put her down as the beneficiary. Not me in case we broke up.\" \"I see so that means that your daughter is in control of the estate but since she's just a baby and your her guardian that would leave you in charge.\" \"Oh. So I get to make the funeral arrangements and everything?\" \"Yes you do but I would consult with the lawyer that drew up his will. Do you know his name?\" \"William Rogensburg. I actually have a friend that's interning for him so she can help me.\" \"Okay that's all we needed to know. Thank you for your time,\" the officer said as he left the cafeteria. Just then Lil, Zoe and Rachel came into the cafeteria. Zoe and Lil ran up to Cammie and gave her hugs. \"Honey if there's anything we can do just ask,\" Zoe said. \"Actually Zoe I'm glad you asked that because the lawyer you happen to be interning for drew up Al's will and I need some pointers on what to do next,\" Cammie said. \"Sure. I'll talk to him tomorrow and give you a call to set up a time to meet with him to go over the will.\" \"Okay thank you. I have to walk around to release some energy. I'll be back in fifteen minutes,\" Cammie said as she got up and left the cafeteria. Then Sarah started to cry. I picked her up and cradled her in my arms. She snuggled up in them and fell asleep. \"You're a natural, Jersey. No wonder Cammie made you and Kevin guardians,\" Lil said. \"Really? She did?\" I said amazed. \"She didn't tell you? Maybe she just forgot but yeah she made you both guardians in case something would happen to her so Sarah would have someone to take care of her.\" \"Wow she must really trust us.\" \"She does. She trusts you and Kevin with all her heart. She looks up to you. You're her idol.\" \"I have to go find her. I'll be right back,\" I said as I got up without waking up Sarah then I walked down the hall. I found Cammie in the chapel, crying. I went up to her and wrapped my arm around her and she put her head on my shoulder. We just sat together wondering what will happen next. I was going to thank her for making me and Kevin Sarah's guardians but now wasn't the time. Maybe someday, but not now.[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 10: Reading of the Will June 3rd, 2000 11:00am Kevin and I were waiting at Al's lawyer's office for Cammie to come. She was having an early lunch with her sister Lydia to discuss moving back in with her, her boyfriend and twin son and daughter, Cammie's niece and nephew who were two years old. We didn't have long to wait because Cammie came with Rachel and Lil then we were called back into the lawyer's office where Zoe was waiting. \" Welcome, now that we have everybody here we can begin,\" the lawyer said putting on his glasses.[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 11: Kevin's Biggest Test Yet June 16th 2000 Violet and Kevin's Apartment Kevin was looking at the newspaper and nursing a cup of coffee when I came in the room my hair wet from taking a shower. \"You still nervous about today?\" I asked him. \"A little. Deep water rescue is really not my thing,\" Kevin said. \"You'll do fine just clear your mind and focus and everything will be fine,\" I said giving him a good luck kiss and going to the bathroom to dry my hair. FDNY Fire Training Center West Side Pier 29 \"Attention you have been training for this test for four weeks you should have the routine down by now. I will call your names one by one and you will dive in the water after the rescue dummy is thrown in and you will have five minutes to rescue the dummy. This test can not be taken again if you fail so make this one count. If you fail you have to repeat the semester which will push your graduation back to June of next year so good luck,\" one of the teachers of the fire academy said as he started calling out names. Kevin was swaying back and forth to calm himself. \"O' Donnell, you're up.\" the teacher said as Kevin got into position. When the whistle went off Kevin dove into the water and started swimming deeper and deeper until he saw an human like object at the bottom of the river. He swam to it and picked it up and started to swim back up but his foot got caught in a vine and he couldn't get free. \"Wait a minute. O'Donnell got caught in a vine. Somebody's got to go get him, no wait, never mind he got free. He's got a minute left,\" the teacher said as seconds before the time was up Kevin popped his head out of the water and held up the dummy for the teacher to see. Everyone clapped especially Keith who was one of the assistants. \"Okay O'Donnell get out of the water. You almost didn't make time but you did good and therefore passed this test. See you next semester,\" the teacher said as he went to the next name on the list. \"You did it man! Violet's going to be so happy for you!\" Keith said as he gave Kevin a pat on the back. \"Yeah she is going to really happy for me. She was rooting for me all along,\" Kevin said as he and Keith walked to the training center to change. 7:00pm Mario's Bistro \"Attention everyone, I like to make a toast. To Kevin, who passed the biggest test of his life today and who also inspired me to be a better firefighter, cheers!\" Keith said as he clinked glasses with me, my dad, Keith and Paige, Keith's daughter. \"Thank you Keith that really means a lot. I wanted to thank everyone at this table especially Violet who has supported me all the way and never left my side. Thank you,\" Kevin said as he gave me a kiss and I blushed. After we said goodbye to everyone we left the restaurant hand in hand. \"Kevin, I just wanted to say how proud of you I am. You really did great and I'm very lucky to have you in my life,\" I said. \"Violet, you mean the world to me and I'm so lucky to have you too,\" Kevin said as we went down to the subway station to catch the subway back home.[Chapter 12] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 12: Kevin's Graduation December 12, 2000 7:00pm FDNY Auditorium at the training facility My family and I were sitting in the sixth row of the auditorium waiting for Kevin's graduation ceremony to start. My heart was pounding in my chest and I was anxious for the ceremony to start. The Dean of Students came out first and gave the opening speech then he brought the class out on stage. \"Dad there he is! Take a picture!\" I said as Kevin was walking across the stage with the other graduates grinning from ear to ear. The graduates sat down on the stage and waited for their names to be called to get their diplomas. It took a while for the dean to get to the O's and when he called out Kevin's name Kevin stood up proudly and walked across stage to get his diploma and we all cheered for him and he waved to us. 9:00pm My family and I were waiting for Kevin to come out of the auditorium to greet us. Then Kevin came out, saw me and started to run towards. I did the same and I jumped into his arms and gave him the biggest hug I could. \"I love you Vi, more than you realize. Thank you for believing in me,\" Kevin said giving me a kiss. \"I love you too Kevin. I knew you could do it,\" I said kissing him back. \"Ahem.\" my dad said as he, my cousins, my uncle and my goddaughter came up to us to congratulate Kevin. Everyone was on cloud nine that night especially Kevin and I. When we got home we took off our shoes and sat down on the couch, found a movie to watch on pay per view and snuggled into each other's arms and ended up falling asleep halfway through the movie. December 13, 2000 3:00am In the middle of the night I ended up having to run to the bathroom to throw up and had a sharp, stabbing pain in my abdomen and called out to Kevin in pain. He got up and rushed to the bathroom, took one look at me and ran back to the living room to call 911. While he did my world suddenly went black.[Chapter 13] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 13: An Uncertain Future St. Luke's Medical Center December 13, 2000 4:00am All I remember was coming to in the ambulance and looking at Kevin before my world became black again. Then everything after that was a blur. When we arrived at the hospital the doctors were asking Kevin a dozen of questions as they wheeled me to a trauma room where they had a x ray machine right in the room. They started taking x ray after x ray and pressing on my stomach. When they hit the spot that hurt I screamed bloody murder. \"Doctor looks like she has a severely ruptured appendix,\" the radiologist said. \"We need a surgical consult stat!\" the doctor said to the nurse as she made a call to the surgery unit and minutes later a surgeon appeared and looked me over then he gave the order to have me wheeled to surgery. The nurses escorted Kevin to the surgery waiting room and he started making calls first to my dad, then to everyone else. \"Hello?\" Bill answered the phone. \"Mr. Sanford, it's Kevin. Violet's at St. Luke's Medical Center and she's not doing good. The doctors say she has a severely ruptured appendix and they're operating on her now. You're going to be on your way? Okay see you soon. Bye.\" Kevin said as he hung up the phone. Kevin then called the rest of my family and all our friends then he sat down and waited for my dad. 8:00am The sun was starting to come up when the surgeon came into the waiting room. \"Is this the family of Violet Sanford?\" the surgeon asked. \"Yes this is. How is she?\" Kevin asked. \"Well I'm not going to lie to you but her appendix didn't rupture it burst doing some extensive damage to her colon and one of her ovaries. We had to remove the damaged ovary and repair some arterial damage and do a colostomy. She's going to be on a ventilator for about 48 hours and then will be in a lot of pain just to let you know.\" the surgeon said. \"When can we see her?\" Kevin asked. \"As soon as they get her settled into the SICU then a nurse will come and get you and take you back to see her,\" the surgeon said as he left the room. Fifteen minutes later the nurse came into the waiting room. \"Mr. O'Donnell? Hi, I'm Julie one of your fiancé's nurses in the SICU. I can take you and her father back to see her now,\" the nurse said. Kevin and my Dad got up and followed the nurse to my room. I was hooked up to IV's and monitors and a ventilator. Kevin took one look at me and he fell to his knees, crying hard. My dad and a nurse helped him off the floor and walked him over to a chair at my side. He looked at me again and took my hand in his. \"Hey baby, I hate seeing you like this. You have to get better, you have to!\" he said as my dad patted him on the back. After 10 minutes Kevin left the room so my dad could be alone with me. He went to talk to our family and friends. \"How is she?\" Keith asked. \"She's in serious but stable condition. She'll be on the ventilator for a couple of days then they'll take her off it to see if she can breathe on her own. Then they said that she'll have a lot of pain after she's off the ventilator,\" Kevin said. \"We'll be praying for her Kevin,\" Lil said hugging a crying Cammie, along with Rachel. Just then my dad came out and sat down next to Judy who gave him a huge hug as he cried. Kevin went over and hugged him too. It was going to be a long 48 hours for all of us.[Chapter 14] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 14: Waking Up and the Road Ahead St. Luke's Medical Center December 15, 2000 10:00am My dad and Kevin were sitting along side my bed holding my hands when the doctor and a couple of nurses came in. \"Hello Mr. Sanford and Mr. O'Donnell. We're ready to see if Violet is ready to breathe on her own and wake up this morning,\" the doctor said as Kevin and my dad stepped away from the bed so the doctor and nurses could take me off the ventilator. I was just starting to come to. As soon as they disconnected me from the ventilator I took first a shaky breath then a smooth breath and the doctor noted that on my chart. \"Violet can you hear me? Blink once for yes two for no,\" the doctor said as I blinked once. \"Okay I'm going to take the tube out of your throat. You need to breathe in deeply then blow out fast okay?\" the doctor said as I blinked once again to let him know I understood him. I breathed in deeply and blew out as fast as I could as the doctor removed the tube really fast. I coughed heavily after the tube was out. \"Where am I? What happened?\" I asked weakly. \"You're in St. Luke's Medical Center in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit. Your appendix burst causing some damage to your right ovary and your colon so we had to remove the damaged ovary, repair some arterial damage and do a colostomy which you will have for about a year until your colon heals completely,\" the doctor said. \"Dad? Kevin?\" I said as they both came over to my side. \"We're right here sweetie,\" my dad said as I squeezed his hand. \"We were so worried about you Vi,\" Kevin said. \"I'm sorry,\" I said. \"Don't be sorry we're just glad you're okay,\" my dad said. \"How long will I be here?\" I asked the doctor. \"You mean in the hospital? About 7 more days counting today. Another night in the SICU and another 6 days in the post surgery unit. We just want to make sure you're healing all right,\" the doctor said. \"Okay I can live with that,\" I said. Kevin and my Dad visited with me for a few more hours until I got sleepy then they left and said they would come back later. December 19, 2000 6:00pm I was just finishing my dinner tray when Keith and Paige came in to visit me. \"Hey Vi, how are you feeling?\" Keith asked. \"Doing better. The doctor said that I'm healing really fast and should be discharged on the 21st, just in time for Christmas,\" I said. \"Cool.\" \"Can I sit next to you Auntie Vi?\" Paige asked as I nodded and she crawled up on the bed and sat down next to me. \"How are you doing Paige? Getting excited for Christmas vacation?\" I asked her. \"Yep. I'm going to go sledding and make stuff with my friend Molly!\" Paige said. \"That's awesome!\" I said as Kevin and Dr. Racer came in the room. I knew they were going to tell me something I didn't want to hear. \"We better get going. Come on Paige we got stuff to do,\" Keith said as Paige got off the bed and followed Keith out of the room. \"I'm sorry I had to ruin your visit,\" Dr. Racer said as she sat down on the bed. \"Why are you here?\" I asked. \"Well, the surgeon who operated on you told me everything and that he had to remove your right ovary,\" Dr. Racer said. \"Yeah and?\" I asked wanting her to continue. \"Well, I hate to tell you this Violet, but it's going to be a lot harder for you to get pregnant. You're looking at a lot of negative pregnancy tests and a lot of false positives,\" Dr. Racer said. \"Okay how long am I looking at?\" \"About three to five years of trying and the doctor that's taking care of you is going to tell you to wait six months before you start trying, to give your body a chance to recover from the surgery you had.\" \"Okay this is a lot of stuff I have to process so I'm going to thank you for telling me ahead of time and leave it at that.\" \"Okay that's fine. I'll see you when I see you,\" Dr. Racer said as she left the room. \"You're not mad, are you?\" Kevin asked me. \"No I'm not mad just a little disappointed. I mean, it's going to take us a little bit longer to have a child of our own but what if we can't, you know?\" I said. \"She didn't say that Vi. She meant that we have a good chance it's just going to be hard.\" \"You're right, and I'm glad that you are. Maybe we should wait to try until we get married.\" \"Yeah we should. I love you,\" Kevin said giving me a kiss. \"I love you too,\" I said back.[Chapter 15] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 15: First Christmas Without Josiah December 24, 2000 2:30pm I was getting ready for my family to come over so we could go to Christmas Eve mass together. Since I've only been out of the hospital for three days the doctor didn't want me to travel not even to New Jersey where I usually went to my Dad's for Christmas Eve so Kevin and I decided to have everyone over for Christmas Eve. We had a good sized living room so we would be able to host everyone. I walked with a cane for the most part and was on a liquid diet. I couldn't stand to clean my colostomy or change the bag so Kevin did that for me. Soon my Dad and Judy came over with the food and presents. Then Keith came in with Paige and Howie came in alone and finally my Uncle John came in with Grandma and his gifts and an apology that he was running late due to a homicide in the meatpacking district and he had to supervise the investigation. \"Okay we're all here how about we get to the church,\" Uncle John said as everyone agreed. Then there was a knock on the door. I went to get the door, opened it and gave Keith a dirty look. There stood the Mulroney Brothers, Bud, Jerry and Rollie. Keith worked with all three of the brothers at his firehouse in the meatpacking district. Jerry was holding his 2 year old son, Charlie, in his arms. \"You invited them? This is supposed to be a family celebration!\" I yelled at Keith. \"They are family, at least to me, Paige and Grandma. I don't know about the rest of you. Their dad had a heart attack last night and they have no one to celebrate Christmas with so I said they could come over here and celebrate with us,\" Keith said. My dad and Uncle John objected but Grandma talked them out of it. \"I'm…sorry, I didn't know. Well, I guess they're welcome here then. Come on in guys. We were just leaving for mass,\" I said as they came in. \"You don't mind me bringing Charlie do you? Val has to work at the firehouse tonight and won't be off until Sunday,\" Jerry said, referring to his ex-girlfriend Val, who's a paramedic at the firehouse that Keith and the brothers work at. \"That's okay Jerry. Well, we better get going or we're going to be late,\" I said as we all walked out of the apartment. 8:00pm It was after 8 pm and we were all in the living room talking while Paige and Charlie were eyeing the presents. Kevin was talking to the brothers, discussing the firehouse life. \"When do you get your firehouse assignment Kevin?\" Bud asked. \"January 1st. My first day is on January 8th. I have orientation in between the 1st and 8th,\" Kevin said. \"Oh maybe you'll get assigned to our firehouse then we get to harass you because you'll be a rookie and we get to harass the rookies,\" Rollie said as Jerry elbowed him in the ribs. Kevin gulped. \"Don't worry man, we won't go too hard on you, if you come to work with us,\" Keith said. \"Okay, I think. Hey Jerry, your son's pretty interested in the presents,\" Kevin said. \"Yeah he can't wait until he gets his own tomorrow. It sucks that he can't spend Christmas with Val my ex girlfriend his mother. She thinks it sucks having to work on Christmas too,\" Jerry said. \"Yeah. So how did you two meet?\" \"You mean me and Val? Simple, it was her first day at work at the firehouse three years ago and I bumped into her literally and sparks flew. Next thing you know it we were going on our first date. Then we slept together and two months later she found out she was pregnant with Charlie. Then I said something stupid and she broke up with me. We still worked at the same firehouse and I was involved in the pregnancy from start to finish and Charlie was born on November 17, 1998. That was the best day of my life.\" \"Wow. I had a similar experience just last year but it didn't turn out like expected.\" \"Yeah Keith mentioned you and Violet lost your son. I'm so sorry man.\" \"Yeah, thanks. He would've been 7 months old earlier this month and this would've been his first Christmas.\" \"Yeah. Well, let's change the subject. I think everyone's ready to open the gifts!\" Jerry said as he grabbed one from Charlie's hands and handed it to Paige, who tore it open and jumped up and down. It was the Barbie doll she wanted. One by one the gifts were handed out and opened. By the time all the gifts were opened Paige and Charlie were getting tired so everyone started to pack their cars full of their presents and left one by one until there was just me, Kevin, Dad and Judy. Dad and Judy were staying overnight on the pull out couch. I got ready for bed in the bathroom and joined Kevin in our bedroom. Dad and Judy were watching a movie in the living room. \"You know, I was thinking, why don't we open the keepsake book that the hospital gave us? We need that closure, you know?\" Kevin asked me. \"Yeah we should. How about tomorrow because I just want to sleep right now, okay?\" I said as he agreed. I got into bed and turned the light off. As soon as my head hit the pillow I was asleep. 10:00am December 25, 2000 I woke up to the smell of coffee and pancakes. I woke up Kevin and we left our room and went to the kitchen. Judy was dishing up the pancakes and Dad gave us each a coffee cup. \"Well, our surprise gift should be coming any minute now,\" my dad said as there was a knock on the door. It was Lil, holding a small box. \"Hey guys how's your Christmas so far. It only took me five minutes to wrap this surprise gift of yours so please appreciate the wrapping job,\" Lil said as she handed the box to me. \"So let me guess…you were in on this with my dad and Judy all along?\" I asked her. \"Yes along with Cammie, Rachel and Zoe. They couldn't be here they're with their families so it's just me,\" Lil said. \"So, open it already!\" my dad said as Kevin and I tore open the gift and there was a large envelope inside. We opened it and inside it were two plane tickets and a brochure about Hawaii in it with cash. \"Oh my gosh you guys. This is way too much money!\" I said surprised. \"Oh it was nothing. It took us six months to save up enough cash for the tickets and the spending cash so please put it to good use,\" Lil said as Dad nodded. \"I think we'll use this for our honeymoon, thanks,\" Kevin said as I agreed. \"Yeah, Dad, Judy and Lil, thank you so much. Lil you have to thank the girls for us too,\" I said. \"Sure will do. Well I have to go over to Rachel's so glad you like your gift,\" Lil said as she said her goodbyes and left. I went up to my Dad and gave him a hug. \"Well let's open the rest of the gifts okay?\" Dad said as we started to open our gifts. When we were finished Kevin went to get the keepsake book. I was dreading opening it but it was our chance for some closure. When Kevin put it in front of me I wanted to cry but something was stopping me from doing it so I opened the book. The first page was his birth announcement. I read it. Josiah Andrew O'Donnell, Weight 7 pounds 6 ounces 20 inches long. Born on May 3rd 2000 at 9:03pm at St. Luke's Medical Center. Right below the birth announcement was his picture. He was dressed in a blue striped sleeper with a giraffe on it. He looked peaceful. The next page was his footprints and handprints, the page after it was a lock of his hair and the final page was his hospital bracelet and a poem called God's Little Child. The whole book was beautiful and put together well. Kevin held me close as I finally cried. My dad was holding back tears as well as Judy. We finally had closure in Josiah's death and we could move on, hopefully having another child someday will help too.[Chapter 16] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 16: Kevin's Assignment/First Day 1:00pm January 2, 2001 Kevin was pacing the hallway by the mailboxes waiting for the mailman to finish putting the mail in the mailboxes. When he was done Kevin opened the mailbox and inside was a few letters for me and a letter for him, from the area battalion. He opened it and read it aloud. Mr. Kevin Aaron O'Donnell, We are pleased to announce your firehouse assignment. Your assignment is with Ladder 11/Engine 22 at 1311 West 14th St. in Manhattan. When you get there on your first day talk directly with the Captain of the ladder division, Johnny Palermo to determine your duties. Thank you. Sincerely, FDNY Battalion 8 Chief Robert Catalino Kevin ran up the stairs to tell me the news. I was at my laptop writing another song when he came in. \"I got my assignment and you won't guess where it is!\" Kevin said as I turned away from the computer. \"Where is it? I asked. \"It's in the West Village just above the meatpacking district!\" Kevin said as I got a funny look on my face. \"What's so funny?\" Kevin asked me hurt. \"Don't you get it? I told you at Christmas that Keith and the Mulroney brothers work there. You got assigned to their firehouse. I bet Keith had something to do with it,\" I said. \"Should I be worried?\" Kevin asked. \"No but they're going to tease you to death if you do something wrong or not up to their standards. They take firefighting seriously but funny over there so if you screw up they won't let you forget it for weeks.\" \"Oh but that's understandable because I'm a rookie so I'll be okay right?\" \"Yeah you will be. Just try your best and I'm sure you'll be fine,\" I said as I went back to the computer. January 8, 2001 8:00am Kevin pulled up alongside the street in front of the firehouse and got out of his car. He walked over to where Keith and Rollie were hosing down the ladder truck. \"Well look who's here? It's our new rookie!\" Rollie said as he patted Kevin on the back. \"Hey Kevin nice to see you here bright and early in the morning. Come on I'll take you to see our Captain,\" Keith said as Kevin followed him to the captain's office. Keith knocked on the door. \"Um…Just a minute,\" Johnny said as Keith and Kevin heard some rumbling, a little swearing and then the door opened. \"Yes? What is it Sanford?\" Johnny, the captain, said. \"Our new rookie is here captain,\" Keith said. \"This is him, huh?\" Johnny said looking Kevin over. \"Yes sir.\" \"Okay, thank you Sanford. You can get back to washing the ladder truck now,\" Johnny said as Keith patted Kevin on the back, whispered good luck to him and went back to washing the ladder truck. Johnny ushered Kevin into the office and shut the door behind him. Kevin sat down in front of the desk and wringed his hands. \"You nervous?\" Johnny asked. \"Um…yeah, sort of,\" Kevin said. \"Well, don't be. Although we take things seriously here we also have a sense of humor. We treat rookies hard but not harsh. You'll be given jobs to do and I expect them to be done right. You'll be on for four days and off for four days. Our shifts are 24 hours a day, this isn't a 9 to 5 gig that you're used to seeing on TV. Any questions?\" \"No sir.\" \"Good. Judging from your record at the academy you'll be working in the ladder division, my division. So you will abide by my rules, you got me?\" \"Yes sir.\" \"Okay, oh and call me Captain never sir,\" Johnny said as he got on his intercom. \"Sanford! Come to my office please.\" The captain waited a few minutes until Keith showed up. \"You wanted me captain?\" Keith asked. \"Yes I want you to introduce O'Donnell to the rest of the crew including the engine crew so he gets familiar with everybody and take him on a tour of the firehouse,\" Johnny said. \"Yes captain. Shall we get going?\" Keith said to Kevin as they left the office and went out to where the engine and ladder truck were. \"We'll start the tour here. This is the garage portion of the firehouse. On the right is the engine that belongs to the engine company and on the left is the ladder truck that belongs to the ladder company. Since you're in the ladder company you get to ride in the ladder truck when we go on runs,\" Keith said. \"What kind of runs?\" Kevin asked. \"You know, gas runs, grocery runs, actual calls when there's a fire. Moving on, the Lieutenant for the engine company's office is down the right hallway. The engine company's offices are on the right the ladder company's offices are on the left or the opposite when you're facing the outside of the firehouse. Going upstairs we have the main gathering area with couches, chairs, a TV, our kitchen and dining area is on this side and the bunks are on the opposite side. Showers and bathrooms are in the back.\" Keith said. \"You wanna try sliding down the pole?\" Keith asked. Kevin nodded as he climbed on the pole and slid down it and almost forgot to put his feet on the ground to catch him. Keith laughed. \"I almost forgot to mention but the gear for the engine company is on the right and the ladder gear is on the left. Here's yours. Go on, try it on.\" Kevin put the pants on first then the jacket and the boots. Keith and Rollie doubled over in laughter. \"What?\" Kevin asked. \"You look so funny man, like a penguin!\" Rollie said. \"Yeah, a drunk penguin!\" Keith added. Just then the fire alarm went off. \"Keep your stuff on we got a fire to go to!\" Keith said as he ran to get his stuff on and Rollie went to the other side to get his gear on. Kevin put his hat on and followed Keith and got in the truck and they sped away towards the fire. January 13, 2001 8:00am Kevin was so tired and sore after his first four days as a rookie firefighter and just wanted to get home to spend some time with me. As soon as he got home he sat down on the couch and took his shoes off. I went over and sat down next to him on the couch. \"So, how was it? Did they treat you bad?\" I asked. \"Oh yeah you were right about the teasing. I had to do the jobs that rookies normally do like touch up the paint on the axes and clean everyone's boots from the inside out and man did they stink!\" Kevin said. \"That's not too bad. Did they make you clean the toilets?\" \"Yeah they did and then after I was done Rollie took a crap in one and messed it all up again and made me clean it up. He's the worst of them.\" \"I should've warned you about Rollie. Sorry.\" \"That's okay. I'm home with you and that's all that matters,\" Kevin said as he gave me a kiss. I kissed him back. It was great having him home again.[Chapter 17] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 17: Violet's Surgery Dr. Mason's Office December 14, 2001 \"You are officially healed Miss Sanford. Your colon is healed completely so we now can close the colostomy and your bowels should work fine after that,\" Dr. Mason said as I breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, no more bag to clean up after. \"So tomorrow we can go ahead with the surgery?\" I asked. \"Yes be at the hospital at 7:00am sharp to register and begin the pre-op process. Well see you tomorrow then,\" he said shaking my hand as I smiled. I couldn't wait for Kevin to get home so I could tell him. Violet and Kevin's Apartment 7:00pm Kevin walked through the door exhausted and wanting to go to bed. Before I could say anything he gave me a kiss. \"You're in a good mood,\" I said. \"Yeah, now that I'm home with you. What did the doctor say about the surgery?\" He asked me. \"He gave me the green light. I'm going to have the surgery as scheduled tomorrow. I'll probably be in the hospital for a few days.\" \"Well, I have three days off so taking you there is no problem. Just getting back would be.\" \"Yeah, I'll just take the subway home then.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes I'll be fine.\" \"Okay. Well I'm headed to bed, care to join me?\" Kevin asked. \"Sure,\" I said as we headed for the bedroom. St. Luke's Medical Center December 15, 2001 12:00pm Kevin was watching the clock in the waiting room, waiting for the doctor to come out. A few minutes later he came out with a smile on his face. \"Mr. O'Donnell, she made it through with flying colors. Because she did great we only have to keep her for a couple of days,\" the doctor said. \"That's great. When can I see her?\" Kevin asked. \"The nurse will come and get you when she's moved into recovery,\" the doctor said as he went into the back. Kevin went to make some phone calls and 15 minutes later was taken up to the Post Surgery Unit by a nurse to see me. He brought me a bouquet of flowers and a box of chocolates. \"The flowers are something to look at besides these four walls and the box of chocolates for a treat that you've been wanting to eat for a year,\" Kevin said. \"Thank you sweetie. You always seem to brighten my mood,\" I said weakly feeling the pain meds starting to kick in. \"Looks like the drugs are starting to kick in. I'm going to let you get some sleep and come back to see you later, okay?\" \"Okay. Sounds good. Can I have a goodbye kiss?\" \"Sure,\" Kevin said as he leaned in closer and gave me a kiss. It was passionate but simple like our relationship. I soon fell asleep and slept for a good five hours until it was supper time. For the first two weeks following surgery I was on a liquid diet again but that was fine. Two weeks of Chicken and Beef broth was enough for me. Cammie came to see me and brought Sarah for a visit. The one and a half year old was running back and forth in the room wanting Cammie to chase her. \"She's gotten so big!\" I said. \"Yes she's a big girl now but she's still my little princess, aren't you sweetie?\" Cammie asked the little girl who squealed with delight. Cammie was bouncing Sarah up and down on her lap when Kevin came back in. \"Hey Cammie, hey sweetheart! How are you?\" Kevin said to Sarah who squealed and reached out for him to pick her up. Kevin picked her up and swung her around. Sarah was giggling so hard she started to cough so he stopping swinging her around and gave her back to Cammie. \"You like Uncle Kevin don't you? How's the job going Kevin?\" Cammie asked. \"Pretty good. I'm a regular firefighter now, my rookie days are behind me for good thank gosh,\" Kevin said. \"Well we better get going. Keith invited us over for supper,\" Cammie said as she picked up Sarah after putting her coat on her. \"Say hi to Keith for me,\" I said. \"Sure no problem. Bye Violet, bye Kevin,\" Cammie said as she left the room. \"Bye!\" We both said. Kevin sat down next to me on the bed. \"You know, I want our second child to be a girl now,\" Kevin said. \"Yeah me too. But as we promised we were going to wait until after we get married to try, remember?\" I said. \"Yeah that's fine. I'm just dreaming that's all,\" Kevin said as he gave me a kiss. Then we fell asleep in each other's arms, content and happy.[Chapter 18] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters in Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 18: Planning the Wedding: The Dress David's Bridal Manhattan 12:00pm January 16, 2002 Gloria, Cammie and I were sitting in the lobby of David's Bridal waiting for the wedding dress consultant to come out and greet us. She was finishing up with another client so we waited. 15 minutes later she came out and shook each of our hands. \"Hello you must be the blushing bride to be. My name is Kim and I'll be helping you out with picking out a wedding dress,\" she said. \"Yes I am. I'm Violet and this is Cammie my maid of honor and Gloria my matron of honor,\" I said. \"Will they be picking out their dresses as well?\" Kim asked. \"Yes they will,\" I said. \"Okay let's get started with the bride's dress first and then the maids dresses last.\" Kim said as she showed us to the dressing room. It had walls lined with mirrors. \"I have several dresses picked out for you already. All the dresses are summer dresses that have small straps or are strapless,\" Kim said as she gave me the first dress. I went to try it on. A few minutes later I came out and looked in the mirrors. It was okay. Cammie gave me a thumbs down and Gloria stuck her tongue out at it. \"What you have on is the strapless dress and judging from the looks I'm getting it's not the one,\" Kim said. \"Yeah I'm not feeling this design at all. Next dress please,\" I said as she gave me another one. And another one and another one until I was trying on the ninth dress Kim picked out for me. I came out and took one look in the mirror and loved it. It had spaghetti straps and a nice bodice with blue flowers flowing down the side of it and a nice train in the back with blue flowers floating on it. It was beautiful. \"That's the dress Violet! It looks so good on you!\" Cammie said as Gloria agreed with her. \"I do love this dress, it's simple, like me. I'll take it!\" I said as Kim went to get her tape measure to take measurements. As soon as the measurements were done we went to look at the bridesmaid dresses. Cammie and Gloria were looking at the dresses and I was trying to make suggestions but they ignored me. After they tried on nearly ten dresses they finally decided on spaghetti straps and long flowing dresses with a fold in the bodice kind of like my dress. The color was a pretty periwinkle blue. After measurements were done we left the store and went out to lunch. \"Those dresses were real pretty like the dresses they wear in the movies,\" Cammie said sipping her drink. \"Yeah they're real pretty just like your dress Violet. It was really charming,\" Gloria said. \"Yeah thanks guys. I really love my dress and your dresses too. They're perfect for an outdoor wedding,\" I said as we ate our lunch and talked about the wedding.[Chapter 19] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 19: With This Ring… July 14, 2002 8:00am I woke up to sound of my alarm going off. I stretched my arms, got out of bed and walked to the kitchen navigating all the wedding gifts in the hallway. I got myself a cup of coffee and then realized I was getting married today. Then I realized I set my alarm for a reason, to go to the diner to meet Gloria and Cammie. I ran to the bathroom to take a shower, 15 minutes later got out of the shower, put some clothes on, grabbed the keys to my car and left the apartment. The dress was already at Cammie's house so I didn't need to worry. I was the first one at the diner so I sat down at a table. After a few minutes Cammie arrived followed by Gloria. We ordered breakfast and started talking about how the rest of the day would go. \"Cammie, did you ask your uncle's friend about his limo service?\" I asked her. \"Yes, he can take us to the wedding site and then to the reception site. His limos are the latest models. He's got a long black one he's going to use for us. I'm paying for it and Gloria's helping so you don't have to because he gave me a deep discount,\" Cammie said. \"Aww guys you both are the best. Thank you,\" I said. \"Did you guys get the reception hall you wanted?\" Gloria asked. \"Yes, the medium sized room at St. Bartholomew's reception site. It seats about 200 so it's the perfect size for our family and friends,\" I said as we finished up our breakfast and headed to the hair salon to get our hair done. 1:30pm Cammie's Townhouse I was changing into my gown when Cammie's little girl Sarah came up to me. She was only 2 years old but she had her mother's charm and looks. She's going to be trouble when she gets older. Sarah wanted me to pick her up. She held out her arms as I scooped her up into a hug. \"Sarah, leave Auntie Vi alone she needs to get ready,\" Cammie said as Sarah held out her arms and Cammie took her back from me and put her in the playpen then came over to help zip my gown up. \"You look so perfect Violet. He's going to be head over heels in love with you,\" Cammie said. \"He already is,\" I said and gave Cammie a big hug. Then a horn honked outside. \"Oh! Our limo is here! Gloria, get Aaron ready the limo's here!\" Cammie said as she grabbed our purses, Sarah's diaper bag and Sarah and headed downstairs to where the limo was. Gloria, carrying Aaron and his stuff and her purse, and I followed. We got in the limo and headed to the pier. We pulled into the small parking lot. Cammie and Gloria got out with their kids so they could take them over to where Judy, my grandma and Gloria's grandmother were so they could watch them. I stayed in the limo out of Kevin's sight so he wouldn't see me yet. 10 minutes before the ceremony there was a knock at the door. It was my dad. \"Hey, you ready honey?\" My dad asked. \"Ready as I'll ever be,\" I said as I took his arm in mine and we headed to the beginning of the aisle. The pianist was finishing with the prelude as Paige and Rachel's son Jacob were finishing their march down the aisle. She started playing \"Pachebel's Canon in D\" and my dad and I were starting our march down the aisle. I looked around at everyone and then looked straight at Kevin. He was grinning from ear to ear with tears in his eyes. When we got to the front of the aisle my dad gave me to Kevin and whispered something to him. I didn't catch it but it sounded like please take care of her and treat her well. Kevin and I went up to the minister who gave the blessing and went on about marriage and love and how we were all destined to find true happiness. The he started reading about the vows. \"Now we shall begin the saying of the vows. May I have the rings please?\" The minister asked as Keith got out the rings and gave them to him. He blessed the rings and turned to us. \"Violet Lynn Sanford, do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband for better or worse, richer or poorer, in sickness and in health?\" \"I do,\" I said as I placed the ring on Kevin's ring finger. \"Kevin David O'Donnell, do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife for better or worse, richer or poorer, in sickness and in health?\" \"I do,\" Kevin said as he placed the ring on my ring finger. We both smiled at each other. I looked over at Gloria who was crying along with Cammie. \"Now with the power infested in me by the state of New York, I now pronounce you husband and wife, you may kiss the bride,\" the minister said as Kevin and I kissed as everyone clapped and cheered. \"Now I am proud to introduce to all of you, Mr. and Mrs. Kevin O'Donnell!\" The minister said as we walked back down the aisle and to the limo, followed by the others. Once we were all in the limo Gloria turned to me. \"So, how does it feel to be Mrs. O'Donnell?\" Gloria asked me. \"Wonderful. I think this is going to be my only marriage though,\" I said as Kevin smiled and kissed me again. The rest of the night went smoothly as we celebrated with our friends and family and danced the night away. After the night was over we went back to the apartment and fell asleep on the couch in each other's arms. Everything was picture perfect now and we were happy, truly happy.[Chapter 20] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 20: Honeymoon in Hawaii July 17, 2002 Honolulu, Hawaii Kevin and I finally arrived in Hawaii at our hotel after a half a day on two different airplanes. We were given the traditional leis as we entered the hotel. We checked in and got up to our room. When we opened the door there was a large fruit basket with a note. It read: Hey guys, Hope you enjoy your honeymoon and the fruit basket. See you when you get back, Your Family and Friends in New York \"That was nice of them. Probably your dad's idea,\" Kevin said. \"What should we do on our first day here? Swim with the dolphins and sting rays or just go souvenir shopping?\" I asked Kevin. \"I'll do anything you want to if only I get to be with you,\" Kevin said. \"Aww, that's sweet of you. You feel like shopping?\" I asked. \"Sure, why not?\" Kevin said as we grabbed our stuff and left the room. 10:00pm We got back to our hotel room from a late dinner at a Hawaiian restaurant and we were a little tipsy from the wine we drank. Kevin sat down on the couch and I sat down next to him. \"So, what should we do now?\" I asked. \"Well, it's been three days since we got married so we should probably carry on with tradition and, you know, christen the marriage?\" Kevin said a little awkward. \"You mean have sex? But we're totally drunk!\" I said. \"Which makes it even more interesting,\" Kevin said, leaning into me and brushing my lips with his. I couldn't resist so I kissed him full on. We walked backwards clumsily to the bed and fell on top of it, me on top of him, trying to unbuckle his pants and he trying to take off my top and unfasten my bra. \"Hey, don't we need a condom?\" I asked. \"We're married now, remember? We don't need one unless you don't want anymore kids, I mean, do you, want more kids?\" Kevin asked me seriously. \"Of course I do want more kids. Oh heck, screw it, let's just do it already!\" I said as we continued kissing, not thinking twice as we made love for a couple of hours, finally sealing the deal and hoping for the best. For six more days we did nothing but sightseeing, shopping and eating wonderful food. We didn't care about anything but each other. We were happy and that's all that matters right now.[Chapter 21] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 21: Courting Cammie December 11, 2002 1:30pm It's been 5 months since Kevin and I got married and 5 months since we started to try for another baby and so far we've had only 1 false positive and many negative tests but we keep on trying, remembering what Dr. Racer had said to us in the hospital after my appendix burst. We won't give up even if it takes forever. Meanwhile, things have been starting to get suspicious at the firehouse. I was there one night to see Kevin during his usual four days straight work stint when I saw something bright pink sitting on Keith's cot. I got a closer look at it and it was a pair of women's underwear. Bright pink, who would wear bright pink underwear? Cammie would but why would she be at the firehouse? Then I thought no, I think she stopped wearing that kind of underwear after she had Sarah. There were two females currently working at the firehouse, Val and Kelly. I know I shouldn't be snooping around but I couldn't help it. I went to the living room area where Val and Kelly were sitting at a table. \"Hey you two, do you know of anyone whom Keith would be sneaking around with that wears bright pink underwear?\" I asked them. \"Um...no. The only women that were here this past week and this week were me and Val. Why are you so concerned anyways?\" Kelly asked. \"Because if Keith was sneaking around with somebody he would've told me by now. He tells me everything,\" I said. \"Maybe he doesn't want you to know about this...tryst he's having. Maybe he's afraid you'll react badly to it,\" Val said. \"Yeah, you're probably right. I should just drop it. See you guys later,\" I said as I said goodbye to Kevin and left the firehouse. While I was sleeping I was having the most weirdest dream about who Keith was sneaking around with behind my back and my thoughts kept going to Cammie. She was Keith's type after all. The only way I was going to find out was to ask around. The next morning I went to Kevin for answers. \"Hey do you know who Keith is sneaking around with? I found some women's underwear on his cot yesterday while visiting you,\" I said. \"No, I don't think he's seeing someone then again I heard laughing the night before but maybe that was Rollie and Brenda. She was there that night visiting Rollie,\" Kevin said. \"Okay that doesn't help maybe I'll just ask Keith,\" I said as I said goodbye to Kevin and left the apartment. I took the subway all the way to Brooklyn and walked the four blocks to Keith's apartment and knocked on the door. Keith answered it. \"Hey Vi, what are you doing here?\" Keith asked. \"Hey yourself. I want answers,\" I said plainly. \"About what?\" Keith asked. \"About the pair of women's underwear I found on your cot yesterday? Who is she?\" I asked. \"Damn it! I thought I hid those! Okay, you got me. I'm courting the only girl in New York City that wears pink underwear.\" \"I don't get it.\" \"Duh Vi, Cammie! Geez why is this such a big deal to you?\" \"Because Cammie is one of my best friends and you're like a brother to me and I care about both of you! I just don't want you both to get hurt.\" \"Vi, we're not going to hurt each other, cheat or anything like that. We love each other, and that's all that matters.\" \"How long have you two been together?\" \"Since your wedding.\" \"That long? You guys kept this from me for that long?\" \"Yes we did. We were afraid of telling everybody because we thought we'd get laughed at.\" \"Well, you two have a lot in common. You both have daughters from previous relationships, you have a good sense of humor and you both live in Brooklyn, just in different neighborhoods.\" \"Yeah and we both have siblings that drive us nuts, me Howie and her Lydia,\" Keith said checking his appearance in the mirror. \"Well, I guess I'll have to be happy for you both then,\" I said giving Keith a hug. \"Thanks Vi. I love you.\" \"I love you too,\" I said as I left Keith's apartment with a smile on my face. Just then I saw Cammie get out of her car. \"Hey Cammie,\" I said. \"Hey Violet...wait a minute, he told you didn't he?\" Cammie said in shock. \"Let's just say your pink underwear told me. See you later,\" I said walking away. I looked back and saw Cammie, with Sarah, run to the apartment building in sheer horror.[Chapter 22] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 22: Cammie and Keith's News April 10, 2003 12:30pm It was the day before Easter and Kevin and I were dying Easter eggs in our kitchen along with Cammie, Keith, Gloria, Danny, Paige, Sarah and Aaron. The kids were pretty good with not getting the dye on their clothes but us adults were a different story. \"Hey Keith hand me the purple dye please,\" I said as Keith handed me the purple dye but ended up spilling a little on my clothes. \"Oops sorry Vi,\" Keith said as I splashed a little dye his way. \"Aunt Vi, the dye goes on the eggs not on people,\" Paige said as Sarah agreed with her. \"Thanks for reminding me Miss Paige,\" I said saluting her. She rolled her eyes at me. \"Oh Aaron that's a nice picture you drew on that egg,\" Gloria said to him. \"Thank you Mama. This is for the baby...oops,\" Aaron said as we all looked at him then at Gloria and Danny. \"Okay...you guys weren't supposed to find out that way,\" Gloria said. \"They know Gloria might as well tell them now,\" Danny said. \"Okay fine, we're going to have another baby, it's due in November,\" Gloria said. Cammie and I squealed and ran to hug Gloria and Kevin and Keith slapped Danny on the back and shook his hand. \"While we're all in a good mood and in the midst of good news Keith and I want to share some of our own,\" Cammie said. I kept on thinking to myself, please don't let it be that Cammie is pregnant. \"Keith and I are going to live together!\" Cammie said. Gloria and I let out a sigh of relief. \"Well congratulations you guys. Who's going to move in where?\" Kevin asked. \"Sarah and I are going to move into Keith's apartment temporarily while Keith and I wait for a three bedroom apartment in the same building so the girls can each have their own bedroom,\" Cammie said. \"Wow that's great. When are you guys moving in?\" I asked. \"In a few weeks. We wanted to get the girls used to being together first before moving them into the same room,\" Cammie said. \"Good. Paige, how do you feel about this?\" I asked her. \"Okay I guess. I always wanted a little sister,\" Paige said giving Sarah a hug. Sarah gave her a kiss on the cheek. Aaron stuck out his tongue. Everyone laughed. Suddenly I felt a wave of nausea come over me. I ran to the bathroom and threw up. A few minutes later Kevin came in and held my hair back. \"I think you need to see the doctor, Vi. You've been sick for three days now,\" Kevin said. \"It's probably the stomach flu. I just don't want to give my hopes up that's all,\" I said. \"I'll run to the store and get a pregnancy test after everyone leaves okay?\" \"Okay, thank you,\" I said as I cleaned myself up and went back to the kitchen. A couple of hours later I was in the bathroom staring at the pregnancy test in my hand. I sighed as I removed the test from the wrapper, sat down on the toilet and did the test. I sat on the edge of the bathtub and waited the three minutes. After the three minutes were up I closed my eyes, picked up the test in my hands, held it in front of me and opened my eyes. Just as I thought, it was negative. I just had a stomach virus. Oh well, there's always next time.[Chapter 23] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 23: First Anniversary July 14, 2003 I woke up in the morning to the smell of eggs and Belgian waffles. Then I realized something, it was mine and Kevin's first wedding anniversary. I got out of bed and walked to the kitchen and I gasped. Kevin was flipping the eggs in nothing but an apron. \"Wow I wish you'd cook like this for me all the time,\" I said. \"I knew you'd like me cooking for you in nothing but an apron,\" Kevin said walking over to me. He grabbed me around the waist which sent chills running up and down my back. \"Maybe we should eat first or else the food will burn,\" I said breathlessly. \"Darn. You're right. Just hold that thought okay?\" Kevin said as I nodded. We ate breakfast first then we had some foreplay fun in the bedroom. The rest of the day was spent in Jersey with my family celebrating our first anniversary together with a spaghetti dinner made by Judy. Gloria and Danny were invited over with Aaron. As we were eating Aaron got up and went over to where Gloria was sitting. He was tugging on her clothes. \"Aaron, what is it?\" Gloria asked. \"Can I tell them Mommy? Please?\" Aaron asked. \"You mean about the baby? Sure!\" Gloria said. \"Okay everyone! I'm going to have a baby sister!\" Aaron said as Cammie and I squealed and went over to hug Gloria. But I felt kind of sad knowing that it's going to take forever for me to feel that way. Kevin noticed my sadness, went over to me and whispered something into my ear. I excused us away from the table and we went into the backyard and sat on the swings outside. \"Vi, is the fact that Danny and Gloria are having another baby that's bothering you?\" Kevin asked me. \"Yes and the fact that it's taking forever for us to have one of our own!\" I cried burying my head in my hands. \"Violet don't cry, please!\" Kevin said taking my face in his hands and wiping away a tear from my eye with his thumb. \"I'm sorry, it's just every day I think that today's the day I find out I'm pregnant and that day never comes and I get so frustrated that...\" I trailed off. \"I know baby, I do too. But we can't give up we have to keep on trying,\" Kevin said. \"You're right. I'm sorry I just got emotional, that's all. Let's go back inside.\" I said as we went inside. Gloria came to check on us. I ran up to her and gave her a hug and whispered I'm okay to her. She nodded and smiled. A few hours later we went back to the city and went straight to bed, exhausted and tired, ready to start fresh tomorrow.[Chapter 24] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 24: Heaven Sent November 18, 2003 7:00pm I was sitting in the living room helping Sarah color and Paige with her math. Kevin and I were babysitting the girls so Keith and Cammie could have a night out. Lil gave Cammie the night off and Keith just got off of work as did Kevin and he wanted to take Cammie out to dinner and then a movie so I picked up Sarah from day care and Paige from school and we ordered pizza. Kevin opened the door and Sarah ran up to him and hugged his legs. Just like Josiah would've done to him if he were still alive, I thought. I could see the sadness in his eyes but he quickly shook it away and scooped Sarah up in his arms and gave her a bear hug. She gave him a kiss on the cheek. Then the phone rang. \"Hello?\" I answered it. \"Hey Vi, it's Danny. Gloria's ready to have the baby and I need a favor,\" Danny said. \"What's the favor?\" I asked. \"I need you to watch Aaron for a night, overnight that is. Gloria's parents and even my parents are busy tonight and there's no one to watch Aaron. Even my sister is busy,\" Danny said. \"Let me just check with Kevin but we're already watching Paige and Sarah for Cammie and Keith tonight but I'm sure we can handle one more,\" I said as I told Danny to hold on so I could ask Kevin. \"Hey Kevin, is it all right if we watch Aaron overnight? Gloria's having the baby now and there's no one to watch him and they're wondering if we can watch him,\" I said to him. \"It's fine. The kids can play together and sleep in the same room,\" Kevin said. I went back to the phone and told Danny it was all right and to bring Aaron over. An hour later Danny came over with Aaron and a small suitcase. \"Here he is. He's pretty easy to watch and can have anything to eat or drink. I have to get going Gloria's waiting for me at the hospital. Hopefully tomorrow we'll have a baby,\" Danny said as he gave Aaron a hug, said goodbye to everyone and left the apartment. Aaron just stared at the floor with the saddest look on his face. I went over to him and bent down to his level. \"Hey buddy, how about we sit down and color with Sarah. I promise it will be fun,\" I said. \"Okay, I guess,\" he said as he took off his jacket, handed it to me and sat down next to Sarah and started coloring. A few hours later the kids went to the spare room and sat together on the floor. \"Want to hear a scary story?\" Paige asked the two little kids. \"Paige, no scary stories,\" I said coming to the room. \"Aww man,\" Paige said as she laid down. \"Can you tell us a not scary story Auntie Vi?\" Aaron asked. \"Sure,\" I said as I sat down next to Aaron and Sarah and started telling a story. The kids fell asleep shortly after that and I went to the bathroom to get ready for bed. \"Are the kids asleep?\" Kevin asked. \"Yes, they are. Now we can go to sleep,\" I said as Kevin and I fell asleep. The next morning I made breakfast for the kids and Kevin. Then the phone rang. \"Hello?\" I answered. \"Hey Vi, it's Danny. The baby's here, it's a girl and she's beautiful. 7 pounds and 8 ounces, 20 inches long. We named her Violet Christine, after you and my Grandmother. You guys can come by in a couple of hours to see her,\" Danny said. \"That's great. Thank you and we'll see you guys soon,\" I said as I hung up to tell Kevin and the kids the news. St. Mary's Hospital 10:00am November 19, 2003 Kevin, Aaron and I went to the hospital to see the new baby once visiting hours began and after Cammie and Keith picked up the girls. We went up to the fifth floor and checked in, then went to Room 514 and knocked on the door. \"Come on in, you guys. Hey Aaron! Were you a good boy for Auntie Vi and Uncle Kevin?\" Danny said picking up the little boy. \"Yeah I was. I had pizza and ice cream for supper and pancakes for breakfast!\" Aaron said. \"That's good. Let's go see your new sister,\" Danny said as he took Aaron over to see the baby. Gloria was sitting up in bed burping the baby. When the baby burped she took her from her shoulder and held her in front of Aaron so he could see. \"Why is she all red?\" Aaron asked. \"Because she was just born four hours ago. All new babies appear like that,\" Gloria assured him. \"She's still cute though. Look, she's got my finger!\" Aaron said as the baby held onto it, cooing softly. I just stared at her. She was so beautiful, had a headful of hair and was just amazing. \"You want to hold her, Vi?\" Gloria asked as I nodded. I went over and took the baby from her. The little girl stirred and looked at me with blue eyes and even smiled a little. After Kevin got to hold her we left Aaron with his parents and little sister and went home. I kept on saying to myself after holding little Violet that I would soon be holding my baby. If not now maybe in a few years.[Chapter 25] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 25: An Engagement May 25, 2004 2:00pm Kevin's Firehouse Keith and Kevin were washing one of the firetrucks when Cammie came by, really upset. Keith went over to her. \"What are these?\" Cammie said holding up a pair of women's underwear. \"I believe those are women's underwear. Why are you so upset?\" Keith asked. \"These aren't mine!\" \"Crap I forgot to hide those. I was meaning to give them to you as a birthday gift and you discovered them before I could put them in a gift bag. Those were the paisley designed underwear you wanted from Victoria's Secret, remember? I was going to give them to you along with this,\" Keith said taking out a velvet box from his pants pocket. \"Oh my gosh. Keith, is that?\" Cammie said in shock. \"Now wait, I need to get on my knee and do this the right way. There. Cammie, will you do the honor of marrying me?\" \"Of course I will! Gosh I love you so much Keith!\" Cammie said pulling Keith up for a kiss. Keith's fellow firefighters and Kevin clapped and whistled. \"I better be the best man dude!\" Rollie said slapping Keith on the back. \"You will be dude! Along with Kevin, if he wants to be,\" Keith said. \"I would be honored,\" Kevin said shaking Keith's hand. \"I have to tell Violet, Lil, Rachel and Zoe! They're going to be so excited!\" Cammie said as she said goodbye to Keith and left the firehouse. \"I'm coming!\" I said as I went to get the door. It was Cammie, flashing a big diamond in my face. \"Keith proposed! We're getting hitched!\" Cammie said hugging me. \"Well, congratulations Cammie! I'm so happy for you and Keith!\" I said as I heard the timer ding in the bathroom. \"Taking another test again?\" Cammie asked. \"Yes and it's ready to be read,\" I said as I went into the bathroom, picked up the test and read it. It was, as usual, negative. I sat down on the toilet and put my head in my hands. \"Violet, I hate seeing you like this. Why do you do this to yourself?\" Cammie asked worriedly. \"Because I just want a chance to be a mother, that's all. I see you, Rachel and Gloria with kids and I just so desperately want to be a part of that world, you know,\" I said crying. Cammie sat down on the edge of the bathtub and took my hand in hers. \"I know how you feel. Me and Al were trying for two years to have a kid of our own and we finally got lucky around the time you told everyone that you were pregnant with Josiah. We were so happy that we were finally going to have a baby we started going baby shopping and getting all the baby furniture and everything. We were ecstatic.\" \"Yeah, then what happened?\" I asked. \"Then around my eighth month of pregnancy Al and I started growing farther apart. He wasn't so excited about the baby like he was when he found out. Rachel said she heard that he was cheating on me with a stripper. But then they broke up a few days before Sarah was born and he was back to being excited again. He ended up missing Sarah's birth and I scolded him for it. A couple months later he got himself killed.\" Cammie said. \"But what happened with Al won't happen with Keith. I know my cousin well enough to know that he won't do anything to hurt you. He loves you Cammie with all his heart,\" I said giving her a hug. \"Thanks Violet. Hey, how about you come with me to tell Lil, Rachel and Zoe that I'm getting married. How does that sound?\" \"That sounds great. It would be good to get some fresh air,\" I said as we grabbed our stuff and left the apartment and went to the bar to tell Lil the good news.[Chapter 26] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 26: Cammie's Post Wedding Dilemma June 25, 2005 8:00pm Kevin and I were sitting at a table with Lil and her date to Cammie and Keith's wedding, my own Uncle John. Lil and Uncle John have been dating since a few months after Kevin and I got married and they had a good run so far. I decided to go freshen up in the bathroom. When I went into the bathroom I saw Cammie looking at something on the counter. It was a pregnancy test. I gasped. Cammie turned to look at me. \"Oh, I thought I was alone,\" Cammie said as she turned back to the test. \"I just...came in to freshen up. You wanna talk about it?\" I asked her. \"You know, me and Keith made a promise to each other to wait until we got married to start trying for a kid of our own but things happened and two months ago I forgot to take my birth control and we did it without a condom and you know what happens when you don't use protection,\" Cammie said tears welling up in her eyes. \"So it wasn't planned, so what? You and Keith are going to love this baby no less than the girls.\" \"Yeah, but how do I tell him?\" \"Look, I'll help you. Come on,\" I said as I dragged Cammie out the door and to where Keith was standing with a few of his firefighter brothers. \"Hey Keith, Cammie wants to tell you something,\" I said as I pushed Cammie up to him. The firefighters took that as their cue to leave and let the newly married couple have some privacy. \"Keith, you know we made a promise not to try for a kid of our own until after we were married, right?\" Cammie said. \"Yeah, so?\" Keith said. \"Well, I'm kinda pregnant. Remember two months ago when we didn't use protection?\" \"But you were on birth control. Don't tell me, you forgot to take a pill? Oh man, I should've worn a condom! Cammie you should have told me!\" Keith said. \"So you're not happy about the baby?\" \"No I am happy. I mean, we're going to have a kid a little sooner that's all. That's okay that we didn't keep the promise, it was stupid anyways,\" Keith said as he gave Cammie a hug, took her hand in his and led her to the stage. \"Okay everyone, listen up. Me and Cammie have an announcement to make. We're going to have a baby in seven months,\" Keith said as a few groans erupted and then some clapping as well. I sat back down at the table and smiled, really happy for my cousin, or I should say my cousins now that Cammie married Keith. Hopefully I'll make a similar announcement soon myself.[Chapter 27] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 27: A Black Friday Miracle November 27, 2005 7:00am Cammie, Zoe and I were all entering Target after hitting the sales at the other stores in the mall when a wave of nausea overcame me. I excused myself to the bathroom and once in the stall I turned to the toilet and vomited in it. There went my early morning breakfast and a mocha cappuccino from Starbucks. I heard a knock on the stall door and then a pregnancy test box was slid underneath the stall door. \"You guys know me too well,\" I said as I opened the box. \"It's the least we can do. Now don't just stand there, take the test!\" Cammie said as I promptly did as I was told. After a few minutes of waiting I looked at the test and smiled. Two lines. Finally positive, for a change, I said to myself. I opened the stall door and stepped out. \"Well, what does it say?\" Cammie asked. \"Two lines. I'm pregnant!\" I said as Cammie and Zoe looked at each other then started to shriek and jump up and down. I started jumping up and down with them. \"Wait, I need to tell Kevin the news. He's going to be so excited!,\" I said as the girls nodded and we left the store and went to the firehouse. When we got there Kevin was talking to the Captain, Johnny, who was married to Rachel's sister, Ally. Ally and Johnny were trying to have kids too. \"So, how's the trying to have kids thing going?\" Johnny asked Kevin. \"Not good. Everytime Violet gets a flu bug we hope that it's not a bug and it's the real thing. But everytime she takes a test and its negative we get our hopes up. I just want it to be all over and that we get lucky...\" Kevin starts to say when I finish the sentence for him. \"And we did get lucky this time around,\" I finished. He looked at me with wide eyes. \"Are you for real or are you kidding? Please say you're telling the truth,\" Kevin said. \"I'm for real. Kevin, we're finally going to have a baby,\" I said slow enough for him to understand. He suddenly got a smile on his face, picked me up and spun me around and grabbed me in a tight bear hug. \"We need to get this confirmed of course but are you okay and everything?\" Kevin asked me. \"I feel fine. I did get sick this morning but otherwise than that I'm fine,\" I said to him. \"Good. You'll call the doctor and set up an appointment, right?\" \"I'll call her when I get home. I gotta go. We want to finish shopping. Love you.\" \"Love you too. Be careful.\" \"Yes sir,\" I mocked saluted him as I turned to walk away with the girls. \"You see how concerned he was? That was so romantic,\" Cammie said. \"Yeah but he overdoes it sometimes,\" I said. We were outside of Romero's cafe when another wave of nausea overcame me. I ran inside the cafe and straight into the women's bathroom. \"Hey, you have to be a paying customer to use my bathroom,\" Romero called after me but he didn't catch me soon enough. \"It's just Violet, Romero. She'll be a paying customer when she's done. She just has morning sickness, that's all,\" Zoe said as she sat down at the counter, Cammie following. \"So she's finally knocked up, huh?\" Romero asked. \"Oh no honey she's married. You don't use the term knocked up when she's a married woman, only when she's single and after a one night stand,\" Cammie explained checking her makeup in her handheld mirror. \"Oh, I knew that. I was just testing you.\" Cammie just shrugged that off and started talking to Zoe when all of a sudden they heard a loud crash and a guy came in with a handgun and screaming at the top of his lungs. \"Everybody get down on the floor now! I want all the money that you have hidden in here now!\" He screamed. \"Cammie get down on the floor now!\" Zoe whispered as Cammie slowly got down off the stool and hid with Zoe. \"What about Violet?\" Cammie whispered back. \"Shhh! Don't say anything! She's safe in the bathroom! I'll text her,\" Zoe said as she got out her cell phone and started texting. The robber saw that she was using her cell phone and headed towards her. \"Gimme that! You think I'm stupid lady! Now don't make me use this gun to put a hole through your head!\" the robber said. Soon the robber's accomplices came in. \"You, check the bathrooms. You, keep everybody quiet.\" The other robber went towards the bathrooms when Romero stopped him. Knowing that I was in the bathroom, Romero decided to stall the accomplice from going in the bathrooms. \"Hey, you don't want to go in there! Somebody just did a number 2 and boy does it stink!\" Romero said plugging his nose. \"Yeah right I'm not that stupid!\" He said as he went towards the bathrooms. Then he heard me throwing up. He started to open the door when Romero grabbed him from behind and threw him into the wall. I heard my phone vibrate, went to check it and saw I had a text message from Zoe. I opened it and it read, \"Text your Uncle. Robbery here.\" I wasted no time and texted my Uncle John, \"Robbery at Dambala Cafe. I'm in the bathroom. Please hurry.\" It took only a minute but he replied, \"I'll call 911. I'm with Lil. Stay put don't move.\" I did as I was told hoping that the robbers wouldn't find me in the bathroom. Romero was busy with the accomplice when I heard the main robber say to the accomplice, \"Hold him down! I'll shoot him!\" Then a gunshot rang out. The main robber shot Romero in the chest. Romero slid down the wall and pretended to play dead. \"Now check the bathrooms,\" the robber said to the accomplice. I quickly climbed up on the toilet and held my purse up high so they wouldn't see it. The accomplice started banging on the stall doors. I stood still the whole time. Then I heard sirens. The accomplice rushed back out into the cafe. \"It's the cops! Hurry up get the money!\" the accomplice said as the main robber and the other accomplice started putting the money into the bags, tied them up and ran out the door. The cops ended up stopping them a street away. A few minutes later the cops came in to check on everybody. The paramedics went straight to Romero. My uncle came in with Lil. Lil went straight to Cammie and Zoe and Uncle John went straight to the bathrooms and knocked on the door. \"Vi? It's safe to come out now,\" Uncle John said as I got off the toilet, opened the stall door and opened the bathroom door. \"You okay kiddo? You look awful pale.\" \"I just threw up. Morning sickness, I guess.\" \"Wait a minute...you're not telling me that you're pregnant, are you?\" \"Yes I am. Me and Kevin are finally going to have a baby,\" I said. \"Well, congratulations! How about we get out of here, get some fresh air and get you checked out by the paramedics.\" Uncle John said as we walked out to one of the ambulances where a paramedic was already tending to Cammie. I ran to her and hugged her. \"You missed everything. I almost said something but Zoe told me to shut up and leave you in the bathroom where you were safe,\" Cammie said. \"What about you? Are you and the baby okay?\" I asked worried. \"The paramedics think I should go to the hospital and get checked out. They'll probably keep me overnight for observation but I'll be fine don't worry,\" Cammie said as the paramedic started checking me out. He started putting the blood pressure cuff on me when I passed out in his arms. Things were a blur as the paramedics put me in the ambulance and put me on a stretcher. I finally came to in the emergency room and looked into the hallway and saw Kevin talking to a doctor and my Uncle John. Then the doctor came in, followed by Kevin and Uncle John. \"How are you feeling Violet?\" The doctor asked. \"I'm doing a little bit better. What's wrong with me?\" I asked. \"Well, you're mildly dehydrated so we're giving you some fluids but all in all you're doing okay. We did a blood test since your husband told us you might be pregnant and yes, the blood test confirmed that you are indeed pregnant, congratulations!\" \"Do we still need to see our OB/GYN?\" I asked. \"You'll actually see her in a few minutes when we move you upstairs to the high risk OB ward, just for observation,\" the doctor said as he left the room. Kevin went over to me and gave me a hug and a kiss. \"Is this for real? Are we really going to have a baby or is he pulling our legs?\" I asked Kevin. \"Oh yeah this is definitely for real. I'm on cloud nine right now I'm so excited,\" Kevin said as I smiled. Our lives were finally going to be complete.[Chapter 28] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 28: The Morning Sickness Blues December 16, 2005 7:15pm Kevin came in the apartment just as I was singing my praises to the porcelain god in the bathroom. Morning sickness was nipping me in the butt and I couldn't shake it off. Kevin came in the bathroom as I was finishing throwing up. \"Hey, I bought some 7-Up, saltine crackers and more ginger tea. Need a hand?\" Kevin asked as he helped me up and helped me walk to the kitchen. I sat down in a chair and he opened up a can of soda, grabbed a pack of crackers and handed them both to me. I started sipping on the soda and nibbling on the crackers. \"So, you're done with work for four days?\" I asked. \"Yep, so I can help around the house while you take it easy,\" he said. \"That would help. The vacuuming needs to be done as well as the dishes, the dusting and the laundry.\" \"Consider it done. So, have you had time to finish those songs you were working on?\" \"Sort of. Between running to the bathroom and sleeping I think I finished at least one song. When I'm feeling better I'm going to take it to the record company and shop it around.\" \"That's good. Well, I'm going to get started on the dishes,\" Kevin said as I rushed to the bathroom. When I got there I started getting cramps as I threw up. After I finished throwing up I felt like I had to go to the bathroom. I pulled down my pants and saw blood. I panicked and called for Kevin. At that time I got real pale like a ghost. Kevin came in, took one good look at me and called 911. St. Luke's Medical Center 10:00pm Here I was in the high risk ward again. I was running a fever, had severe dehydration, and still had some cramping. Kevin called my dad who came straight from work to sit with us. Roni came in to check on me. \"You feeling any better?\" Roni asked. \"A little bit,\" I said weakly. \"Your color's starting to come back a little so that's a good sign. I'm going to take your vitals and listen to your heart and lungs okay?\" Roni said as she started taking my pulse. After she was done she gave the thumbs up. \"Your temperature's gone down, your blood pressure's looking better and everything else to starting to become back to normal again. Aunt Mary's going to be in soon to do an exam so sit tight,\" Roni said as she left the room. I started to worry that I lost the baby but I tried not to think the worst. Then Dr. Racer came in with an ultrasound machine. \"Since you had some bleeding and cramping I want to do an ultrasound just to make sure everything's fine, okay?\" Dr. Racer said as she squirted some jelly on my stomach and put the wand to it. Soon we heard a heartbeat and saw the baby on the screen. \"The baby's still there and has a heartbeat so our prayers have been answered. There's no scarring or tearing so that's a good sign,\" Dr. Racer said as I breathed a sigh of relief as did my dad and Kevin. \"Well, the prognosis is good but this pregnancy of yours is high risk so we'll be keeping a close eye on you. I'm restricting you to bed rest for a couple of months so no working, you understand?\" Dr. Racer said as I nodded. \"Good. A couple more days here and then you can go home,\" Dr. Racer said as she left the room. After two days in the hospital I went home and straight to bed. I was going to follow the doctor's orders and hope that everything turns out alright.[Chapter 29] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 29: Another Boy Named Joey January 19, 2006 10:30am I was in the bedroom standing in front of the tall mirror looking at my stomach. I was starting to show, which was evident when I tried on all my jeans and they didn't fit. After Cammie has the baby we really need to go shopping, I thought to myself. Then the phone rang. I walked over to the nightstand to answer it. \"Hello?\" I answered. \"Violet! You have to help me!\" The voice said on the other line. It was Cammie. \"What? What's the matter?\" I asked worried. \"I can't get a hold of Keith and my water just broke!\" Cammie said frantically. \"Look, get your stuff together I'll call Lil. She's probably with Uncle John at his place. Hold on!\" I said as I put her on hold and called Lil. \"Hello?\" Lil said half asleep. I heard snoring in the background. \"Lil? It's Violet. Cammie's water just broke and she can't get a hold of Keith,\" I said. \"Her water what? Just hold on I was asleep when you called. Let me wake up your Uncle and we'll head over to pick Cammie up. Do you have her on hold?\" Lil asked. \"Yes,\" I said. \"Good. Tell her we're on our way!\" Lil said as she hung up. I pushed the hold button and told Cammie that Lil and Uncle John were on the way. Then I tried to call the firehouse and got the answering machine. So I tried Keith's cell phone and got his voicemail. I left a message and hung up. An half an hour later there was a knock at the door. It was Lil. \"Hey Jersey, you want to see your godchild being born? Cammie wants you there with her,\" Lil said. \"But I'm supposed to be on bed rest,\" I said. \"Look, let me deal with Mary and let's go,\" Lil said as I grabbed my coat and purse and went out the door. I got in the back seat and we made the drive to the hospital. St. Luke's Medical Center 4:00pm I was in the waiting room with Lil and Uncle John while the pain doctor was giving Cammie an epidural. Rachel and Zoe walked in and sat down. \"Any news yet?\" Rachel asked. \"She's getting an epidural and she's at a 7,\" I said. \"Well, I know where Keith is and why we couldn't get a hold of him,\" Rachel said. \"Why? What happened?\" I asked. \"Both the ladder and engine crews are at a fire at one of the meatpacking warehouses a couple blocks from the bar. They've been there for the past 8 hours. It's all over the news,\" Rachel explained. We turned on the TV and watched as the engine hose was dousing the fire. Then we suddenly heard footsteps down the hall. In comes Keith and Kevin still wearing their firefighting pants. \"Where's Cammie's room?\" Keith asked out of breath. \"Room 537. You should wait until they're done giving her the epidural. She's at a 7 and was begging for drugs,\" I said as Keith and Kevin sat down. Kevin sat down next to me. \"I thought you were supposed to be on bed rest? Was Mary okay with you coming here?\" Kevin asked. \"Yes Lil talked her into letting me come here and stay with Cammie as long as I sit down and rest,\" I said as Sandy came in. \"Well look who's finally here? You're going to get an earful from your wife. They're all done with the epidural,\" Sandy said to Keith. \"Hey, I had a good excuse as to why I didn't answer the phone,\" Keith said defending himself. \"Yeah, yeah, you two come with me,\" Sandy said as Keith and I got up and went with Sandy to Cammie's room. 9:00pm It was five hours since Keith and Kevin came to the hospital. A couple of hours after they got there Uncle John went to pick up Grandma and Dad and Judy arrived and brought food. Rachel was taking bets as to what the baby was going to be. It was 9:15 when Keith and I went back to the waiting room. \"Ladies and Gentlemen, it's a bouncing baby boy! 9 pounds 6 ounces 21 inches long. Both Mom and baby are doing great. Who wants to come with me and see him?\" Keith asked as everybody got up and followed Keith to Cammie's room. Cammie was sitting up in bed holding the baby. He had a mess of brown hair on his head and blue eyes. He was content in his mother's arms. \"Wow. You guys did a great job on him! He's gorgeous!\" Rachel said. \"Thank you Rach. That means a lot coming from you,\" Cammie said. \"Oh, he is such a charmer! What's his name?\" Grandma asked. \"Well, we talked about it and we decided to name him Joseph Morgan Sanford, after his late great-uncle Joey. We'll call him Joey for short,\" Cammie said as Keith took the baby from her and walked over to Grandma as she sat down on her walker seat as Keith put the baby in her arms. \"Thank you,\" Grandma whispered as she admired the baby's features. Kevin moved closer to me as he put his arm around me. Then Grandma turned around to face me and Kevin. \"Now we just have wait to add another addition to our family and we'll be set. Right you two?\" Grandma asked us. \"Yep I'm starting to show so that's a good sign,\" I said as everyone glanced at my stomach and laughed but in a good way.[Chapter 30] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 30: Pictures of You Cammie and Keith's Apartment February 27, 2006 11:00am I was sitting on the couch in Cammie and Keith's apartment holding Joey who was sound asleep. He looked so peaceful and I wanted to know what he was dreaming about because his legs would twitch every so often like he was running after something. Cammie was in the bathroom getting ready for Joey's doctor's appointment. Just then Cammie came out of the bathroom. \"Is he being good for you?\" Cammie asked me as I nodded. \"Of course he is. He's sleeping and dreaming about something good I hope,\" I said. \"He's probably dreaming about when he's going to get fed next. He's funny in that way,\" Cammie said as she took Joey from me and put him in his car seat. Just then a horn honked. \"Oh that's Kevin! He's getting me for my doctor's appointment,\" I said as I grabbed my purse and put on my coat. \"Are you sure you don't want to know the baby's sex?\" Cammie asked. \"I told you we're keeping it a surprise, just like you and Keith did with Joey.\" \"Oh, okay, I get it now. Have a great day. I'll talk to you later,\" Cammie said locking the door after me. \"Good luck with the doctor's appointment,\" I said as we said goodbye to each other and left the apartment building. I got into Kevin's car and we drove to Dr. Racer's office. 11:45am The nurse called me and Kevin back to an exam room. She weighed me and took my vitals. While Kevin was out of the room I changed into a gown and sat on the exam table. Then Dr. Racer came in along with Kevin. \"How is everything going for you so far Violet?\" Dr. Racer asked. \"Everything is going good. The baby is moving around a lot and I'm keeping up with the fluid intake,\" I said. \"Good. Let's take a look at the baby and check to see if you are dilating which is what we don't want,\" Dr. Racer said as she grabbed the ultrasound machine, squirted some jelly on my stomach and moved the wand around. \"Baby's looking good. It's really a moving and a shaking in there. Do you want to know the sex?\" Kevin and I shook our heads no and Dr. Racer respected our decision. \"I'll have the pictures of the baby waiting for you at the front desk for you by the time you're done changing back into your clothes. You're not dilating so that's always a good sign. See you in a month,\" Dr. Racer said as she left the room. I changed back into my clothes and Kevin and I left the exam room, picked up the sonogram pictures and left the doctor's office hand in hand.[Chapter 31] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 31: It's Time June 11, 2006 7:00pm It was my due date and I was cleaning like a mad woman. Dr. Racer said it was usual for a pregnant woman to be cleaning like mad. The last three months of my pregnancy were by the book. We attended all the lamaze classes and we're hoping that the baby would come soon. Kevin came in the door. After tonight he was off for two weeks to help with the baby. He went over to me. \"Violet, would you stop cleaning for a minute and look at me please?\" Kevin pleaded with me. \"What? Does my cleaning bother you?\" I asked irritated. \" No it doesn't bother me but I think you've cleaned enough for one day. Let's sit down and relax,\" Kevin said as he took the cleaning cloth out of my hand and led me to the couch and we sat down. We ended up watching a movie before going to bed. 1:00am June 12, 2012 I woke up after having the worst contractions. I decided to wake Kevin. \"Kevin wake up. I think it's time. My contractions have been in a regular pattern for a few hours now,\" I said in pain. \"Okay how far apart are they?\" He asked me. \"Six minutes apart,\" I said. \"Let me get your overnight bag, the diaper bag and the car seat in the car then I'll come and get you,\" Kevin said as he put some clothes on, got the stuff we needed and put the stuff in the car. Meanwhile I got dressed and headed towards the door. Kevin came back and helped me down the steps and to the car. We got in and made the drive to the hospital. St. Luke's Medical Center 2:00am This time around we were in room 510 and Sandy and Roni had just gotten me hooked up to the fetal monitor and an IV and gave me the TV remote. Then Dr. Racer came in. \"Hey you two are you all ready to meet your son or daughter?\" Dr. Racer asked us. \"We're more than ready,\" I said. \"Okay, I'm just going to check you to see how dilated you are and we'll go from there, okay?\" Dr. Racer said as she checked me. \"Well, you're at 4 centimeters. I'm going to have the nurses start some fluids and pitocin to speed up your labor. If your water doesn't break in a couple of hours I'm going to break it myself okay? I'm also going to recommend that you walk the hallways and alternate that with the labor ball. Just hang in there,\" Dr. Racer said as she left the room. The nurses came in and hooked me up to a fluid and pitocin drip and I was all set. \"You up for a walk?\" Kevin asked me. \"Sure. You want to wheel the IV pole beside me as I walk?\" I asked. \"Sounds good to me,\" Kevin said as he helped me out of the bed and we started walking the halls. Every 300 yards I had to stop, hang on to the wall railing and breathe through a contraction. 4:00am I was sitting on the labor ball rocking on it when all of a sudden I felt my water break. It pooled on the floor behind me. Dr. Racer came in then. \"I see that your water broke. Now I don't have to break it. How about you get back in bed and I'll check you again,\" Dr. Racer said as I laid back down on the bed and she checked me. \"Well, you're at a 7 which means you can have drugs, if you want them, and judging from your face you want them. I'll have the nurse call the drug doctor and he'll be in shortly,\" Dr. Racer said as she left the room. After an half an hour I was feeling relief. I loosened my grip on Kevin's hand and he shook the feeling back in his hand. 6:00am I was reaching the breaking point and couldn't take anymore. I was screaming at Kevin and swearing like a sailor. Then Dr. Racer came in again and checked me. She smiled. \"Looks like this will all be over in less than 15 minutes,\" she said. \"What is that supposed to mean?\" I asked. \"You're at 10 centimeters dilated. You can push as soon as I'm ready,\" Dr. Racer said as nurses flooded the room. Kevin and I looked at each other both excited and nervous at the same time. After all these years of trying and false hope we were being given another chance at having a family of our own. I was feeling a lot of pressure and I was trying to be patient as Dr. Racer was getting ready. \"Okay now I'm ready. As soon as you have a contraction I want you to push with all you've got okay?\" Dr. Racer said as I nodded, tightening my grip on Kevin's hand as he winced a little. I felt a contraction and pushed with all I had. I must've pushed at least 13 times when Dr. Racer grew concerned. \"What's happening? Why is nothing happening?\" I asked in pain and frustration. \"The baby's head's not coming down through the birth canal,\" she stuck a couple of fingers inside and suddenly had a frustrated look on her face. \"I hate to tell you both this, but your baby is facing sunny side up which makes it difficult for the head to exit the birth canal. We're going to have to use a vacuum suction to ease the head down and out. You're going to feel like the inside of you is being torn apart and you'll feel a lot of burning but otherwise than that everything's going to be fine,\" Dr Racer said as a nurse brought the vacuum suction over. \"This cup goes on the baby's head and the nurse will turn on the suction and I'll use it to guide the baby's head down and out. The baby's head will be red and sort of funny shaped where the suction cup was but that should go away in a few hours,\" Dr. Racer said as she put the suction cup on the baby's head and gave the signal to the nurse as she turned on the suction. \"Okay when you're ready push as hard as you can,\" Dr. Racer said as I pushed so hard I thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head. I felt the worst burning sensation and pain I ever felt in my entire life. A few more difficult pushes and the baby's head was finally out. I breathed a sigh of relief. The nurse turned off the suction and Dr. Racer removed the suction cup from the baby's head. \"Okay here comes the hardest part, the shoulders. Give it all you've got okay?\" Dr. Racer said as I pushed. I was trying not to scream as I looked at the ceiling. After a minute I felt the baby leave my body and I fell back on the bed, totally exhausted. The hardest part was waiting for the baby to cry which it did another minute later, music to my ears. \"Congratulations, it's a beautiful baby girl!\" Dr. Racer said as she put the baby on my stomach and the nurses started drying her off. I took one look at her and I started to cry, Kevin started to cry and the nurses even started to tear up. \"Oh my gosh she is so beautiful! She's beautiful and she's ours!\" I said to Kevin as he nodded. The nurse took her from me after a few minutes to weigh, measure her and take her footprints for the birth certificate and baby book. \"Eight pounds nine ounces twenty and a half inches long,\" the nurse said as she wrapped the baby up and put a pink cap on her head and handed her back to me. \"You did it Vi, you did it and I'm so proud of you,\" Kevin said. \"No, we did it. I couldn't have done it without you,\" I said as I kissed him. The baby then started to fuss and I undid my gown and offered her my breast and she started to eat. \"She knows what she wants,\" Kevin said amazed. I just laughed. The nurses gave us an hour to bond with her and during that time I took a shower and cleaned up while Kevin held the baby. It was 7:15 in the morning when Roni came in with a wheelchair. \"Okay we're kicking you out to the post partum floor now which is a floor below us, to room 430 just a few doors down to the nursery. Once you're down there the nurses will want to get the baby checked in and give her a bath, then when they're finished they'll bother you for a name to put on the birth certificate. Just standard procedure,\" Roni said as I got in the wheelchair as Kevin put the baby in my arms. He grabbed all our stuff and followed Roni and me out of the room, down the hall to the elevator and on to the post partum floor. She wheeled us to room 430 and parked the wheelchair next to the bed and I got out of it carefully so as not to wake the baby who fell asleep on the way down here. During that time we were left to bond with our daughter, Kevin called our family and friends to let them know we had the baby and that visiting hours began at 10:00am but Grandparents could come after 8:00am. We told my dad this and he said he had the day off and said he would be there at exactly eight in the morning. A nurse came in then with a breakfast tray and set it down on the bed table. \"Good morning! My name is Carrie and I'll be your nurse for this shift. First of all welcome to the 4th floor. If you have any questions or concerns just push the call button and me or one of the other nurses will come in and answer all of them. So now I hate to do this but may I take your daughter to the nursery to check her in and give her a bath? I promise I'll return her,\" Carrie said as I nodded and she took the baby from me despite the baby's protests, promising again that she would return her in an hour. At 7:30 another nurse came in. \"Hey, sorry to bother you but your father is in the waiting room, wanting to see you. I was going to let him in early but I wanted to check in with you first to see if it was okay?\" The nurse said. \"Man, he's early but go ahead let him back, it's okay,\" I said as the nurse nodded and went back to get my dad. A few minutes later he poked his head in the door. \"Sorry I'm early. I just was so excited to meet my new granddaughter that I kind of speeded over here,\" he said. \"It's okay, Dad. We're excited too,\" I said as he gave me a hug and shook Kevin's hand. \"So speaking of my new granddaughter where is she?\" Dad asked. \"They took her to the nursery to check her in and give her a bath. Want to see her with me?\" Kevin asked him as he nodded and followed Kevin to the nursery. When they got there in front of the window they saw a crying, red baby in the second warmer next to the window. A nurse was giving the baby a bath. That was the same nurse that took Kevin's and mine's baby to the nursery. She looked up at them and mouthed, she's right here, daddy, to Kevin who smiled. My dad just stared at her and then gave Kevin a big bear hug and kissed both his cheeks. \"Oh, she's so beautiful! You two did a wonderful job on her. I'm so proud right now I could burst!\" My dad said. \"So am I, Dad, so am I,\" Kevin said as he and my dad stared at the baby then went back to my room. At 8:15 am Carrie the nurse came back wheeling in a bassinet with the baby in it and and parked it at the side of my bed. \"I told you I would bring her back. I have to go back and get a laptop so I can take her name down for the birth certificate so if you haven't picked a name out yet now's the time to pick one,\" she said as she left the room. \"Oh man, we have no idea of what to name her,\" I said to Kevin. \"Maybe your dad has some ideas,\" Kevin said looking at my dad. \"Well, I have an idea. How about you name her Riley? That was the name your mother and I were going to name you if you were a boy, which we thought you were but you surprised us.\" Dad said. \"Riley...it has a nice ring to it. But what about her middle name?\" I said. \"You know, you would make Paige a happy girl if you gave Riley Paige's name as her middle name,\" Dad said. \"Yeah, she would be happy. So, Riley Paige O'Donnell? You like it, Kevin?\" I asked. \"It's a perfect name for her, look she likes it,\" Kevin said as Riley smiled a little smile and cooed softly. My dad was holding Riley when Carrie came in again. \"So, decided on a name yet?\" Carrie said as we nodded. \"Okay, I'm ready. Go ahead.\" \"Our daughter's name is Riley Paige O'Donnell,\" I said smiling at my Dad, who smiled back.[Chapter 32] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Chapter 32: Introducing Riley June 12, 2006 4:00pm I just finished feeding Riley when I heard voices coming down the hall. At about 10:00 a.m. we called the rest of our family and friends and told them that the baby was here and to visit anytime. Just then we heard a knock at the door. \"Come in!\" I said as Gloria was the first to come in the room. She took one good look at the baby and started to cry. \"Oh Violet she's so beautiful! May I?\" Gloria said crying. \"Sure,\" I said as I handed Riley to Gloria. Gloria sat down in a chair and studied the baby. Just then Danny, Aaron, little Vi, Cammie, Keith, Joey, Paige, and Sarah came in. Cammie looked at the baby and started to cry too. Keith went over to me and Kevin. \"Looks like you've kept your part of our bargain. You two did a great job on her. She's gorgeous.\" Keith said. \"Thanks Keith, it means a lot,\" I said hugging him. \"Your welcome.\" Soon Riley was getting passed around the room. When she got to Paige, Paige held her arms out and Danny put Riley in her arms. Sarah was sitting next to her and just stared at the baby with a big smile on her face. \"What's her name?\" Paige asked. \"Well, her name is Riley, and her middle name happens to be your name,\" I said to Paige. \"Really? Cool! Thank you Auntie Vi! You're the best!\" Paige said as she handed the baby to Sarah as she gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. \"Oh, we almost forgot. Presents!\" Keith said as he held up two big gift bags. \"Oh, you guys shouldn't have!\" I said as Keith handed me one of the bags and I started to open it. Riley was going to be one spoiled rotten little girl, I was sure of it! An hour later the first group of visitors left and as they were leaving Lil, Uncle John, Zoe, Rachel, Beth, Jacob, and Jackie came in. \"Hey Jersey your pop told us the news. Congratulations!\" Lil said as she hugged me. \"Yeah, congrats kiddo. She's really beautiful,\" Uncle John said giving me a hug. \"Nice job, Jersey, nice job,\" Rachel said as Zoe nodded. \"Thanks guys. So, who wants to hold her first?\" I said as Lil's hand went up. She came over and took the baby from me and sat down in a chair. \"Oh my you're a beautiful little girl. You'll make a fine coyote someday, just like your mother,\" Lil said to Riley, looking up at me and smiled. \"Tell me she's kidding,\" Kevin whispered to me. \"Of course she is, stop worrying,\" I told him as I smiled back. Then the baby started getting passed around again. I hope she wasn't getting tired of getting passed around. I opened more presents and soon the second round of visitors left. I handed the baby to Kevin and started to sleep as Kevin held the baby as he rocked her to sleep. He put her in the bassinet and laid down on the cot and went to sleep as well. All the visitors we had tired us out as well as being happy and excited about the baby's arrival. We were looking forward to being parents and watching our little girl grow up. We couldn't wait.[Chapter 33] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Coyote Ugly just the ones I make up in the story. Epilogue: Looking Back and Going Forward Two Years Later I was sitting on a park bench in a neighborhood park watching Kevin play with Riley and thinking back to when this journey started. Josiah would've been 8 last month. Whenever Sarah's birthday comes around I always think about Josiah and how tall he would be, what sports he would be playing, what his interests were, what girls he had a crush on. Stuff like that. Speaking of Sarah, her mother is expecting her third child, her second with my cousin. The baby is due in January. Cammie wants a girl and Keith wants a boy, which is typical. Joey is excited and so is my grandmother. My Grandmother always seems to amaze me. She and Rachel's grandfather have been seeing each other lately. They make a cute couple. Speaking of couples, my Uncle John and Lil are getting married in a couple of weeks. It's going to be a small wedding. Rachel is the maid of honor and me, Zoe and Cammie are bridesmaids. Riley and Joey are the flower girl and ring bearer. I hope it's going to be a sunny day outside. A lot has changed in two years. Riley has gotten bigger and is now running around the place. She likes Kevin to chase her around. She likes piggyback rides and likes it when Kevin plays horsey with her. She's such a sweet child. Kevin and I are blessed to have her in our lives. She's truly an angel sent to us from above and we love her dearly. Kevin and I are currently trying for another child. We want to give Riley a brother or sister. Since Kevin and I were only children we don't want our daughter to be an only child. She needs someone to play with and set an example for. When that will happen God only know. But time will tell. Until then we will cherish what we have, and we couldn't be happier. The End ","Summary":" Summary: From Violet's POV: Losing a child is tough on anyone, but it's especially tough when you'r"}]