[{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Helicopter","Author":"leodicaprioloveofmylife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9670486","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blood Diamond One-Shot \"Archer- I'll come find you. Just let me save you.\" Maddy cried into the phone. \"It's too late. It's too late.\" Was all I could reply. I heard Maddy talking rapidly on the other side of the line to someone else. \"Get a helicopter to his location. Go now. Trace this call.\" \"It's no use, Maddy.\" I managed. \"It's too late.\" \"Archer, hang in there. I'm coming for you.\" I heard her sobs and a tear escaped my eye. \"Goodbye, Maddy...\" I whispered before I lost consciousness. The last sound I heard was her gasping \"Danny! Danny!\" Through the telephone. I awoke to a frenzy of activity. I was in a helicopter, and medics were rushing around me, bandaging and sticking needles inside my forearms. I dry heaved from the pain and fell back into the blackness. I woke up once more on the helicopter. My eyes opened slowly to see a girl holding my hand and crying over me. It was Maddy. I squeezed her hand to let her know I was awake. She turned, her eyes wide with surprise. \"I thought I lost you, Archer.\" She said. The tears were still flooding from her eyes. \"You haven't lost me yet, Maddy.\" She smiled and nodded, trying to reassure herself. My eyes started to close again. \"Archer...\" I blinked them open again. She leaned down and kissed me. Her lips were the last thing I felt before I passed into death. ","Summary":" Blood Diamond One-Shot \"Archer- I'll come find you. Just let me save you.\" Maddy cried into the p"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Lie","Author":"T. K. Rush","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8542523","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes, the simplest thing to do is lie. \"Who are you to the patient, miss?\" The nurse looked up at me from her chart. She was annoyed. Not that I blamed her. It's not like I had dove head first into this situation with a game plan. **One Hour Earlier** Maddie had called me in a panic; her voice hitting octaves I didn't think were possible. \"Tai, you need to get to him! What if a medical decision needs to be ma..\" The voice on the other end of the phone went as she realized that the nightmare was not over yet and the worst could still happen: he could still die. \"Maddie, listen to me! Your friend will be fine. He will make it Mads, I promise. I am getting into a taxi right now.\" I intervened before she had time to freak out. \"Okay, just remember he is at Grey Stone Hospital. He is an ex-soldier so he is not going to be happy to being in a hospital and he's going to be hungry and you need to make sure he calls...\" \"Mads! I have this 'kay? Let me get there and see how he is before we go through his list of chores alright?\" I rushed as my cell phone had started to beep its death warning. \"Right.\" She took a deep breath in. \"Call me okay? I'm worried about him, but I worry about you more. I haven't heard from you in ages and you're not exactly in the safest place in the world for a 23 year old girl.\" \"'kay, Mads, I will let you know how your baby girl is doing after I talk to this mysterious ex-soldier friend of yours 'kay? I miss you too.\" I paused, waiting to hear what her response was. \"I love you too.\" Relief flooded through me. So she didn't hate me even though she had every right to. \"Bye.\" I looked up to see the taxi driver patiently waiting on me to tell him my destination. Embarrassed that I had sat there for a good five minutes on the phone with Maddie I quickly apologized. \"Uh, sorry! I need to go to Grey Stone Hospital please.\" I looked into the reflection of his eyes in the rear view mirror. He nodded some and he flashed me his smile that was full of holes. \"On the rush, huh?\" He said as he peeled out of the parking lot and into the crazy mess that was Africa. \"Ya.\" I replied watching as we zoomed past the people on the streets and tightened my seatbelt. Something deep inside me was saying this was going to be anything but a smooth ride. **The Present Day** \"Who are you to the patient, miss?\" The nurse asked me again. \"I'm..I'm his f-fiancé.\" I replied trying to sound like I was telling the truth. \"No ring?\" She asked raising an eyebrow . Damn , I mentally cursed my stupidity, racking my brain for a plausible answer. My mind was blank and only one idea came. I took a deep breath in and gathered my courage. It looked like those acting classes were going to pay off after all. \"No! There is no ring! He made me a promise that we would get married. We barely have enough money to pay our bills and I haven't been able to get a job since I was laid off. He works hard to support us and tries to give me the world. But all we need is each other to survive and no,\" I paused for dramatic effect. \"I don't need a wedding ring to know how much he loves me!\" The hospital had gone silent. Every head in the area had turned to watch me yell at the nurse. Some people scowled at the nurse for pushing too far. The nurse's face had gone a deep red and she mumbled an apology. \"Right this way Miss... Archer.\" She said since she did not know my last name. \"Mista Archer was awake when I walked by earlier.\" She led me down the crowded white corridor and into the room where he was: the infamous Danny Archer. The room was badly lit. The window that occupied the left wall was open to try and relieve some of the unbearable heat. I walked in behind the nurse who had decided the best thing she could do was avoid eye contact with me. \"Mista Archer, your fiancé is here to visit you.\" Her eyes shifted from me to him. My heartbeat increased as I realized he could ruin my cover. I raced around the nurse and started to fuss over the man I didn't even know. \"Oh! My love! How do you feel? Have you been treated well?\" I said leaning over the side of Archer's bed. His brown eyes looked back at me, less than thrilled. I spun around to face the nurse. \"Could you give us some space please?\" I inquired. She huffed and turned on her heel, apparently glad to get away from me. A sharp pain tore through my left arm the moment she was out of view. \"Ow, ow, ow, ow...\" I followed the angle that my arm was being twisted in, trying to minimize the pain. I guess Archer was still able to move enough to hurt someone. I felt sorry for any hospital staff who tried to treat him. \"Who are you?\" He said emphasising each word. \"Last time I checked, I was not engaged.\" I looked into his eyes and fear momentarily filled me. He had the look of a caged lion. One that was ready to kill anyone who dared to enter his caged. \"Ow! I...I'm M-Maddy Bowen's sister!\" I whinced in pain. \"I swear Archer!\" Tears streamed down my cheeks. He never took his eyes off me, but decided to let go. \"Leave.\" He said. Does he believe me? If not, why did he left me go? I backed up holding my left arm. Who did he think he was? The way Maddy had talked about him you would think they were good friends. \"I can't.\" I replied. His eyes narrowed. \"You have legs!\" he hissed. \"Take American butt and walk it out the door now.\" I decided to ignore my fight or flight instinct and headed over to the door. I could feel his eyes piercing my back. This guy was obviously very dangerous. What did Maddy see in him that I didn't? Not that it mattered. I trusted her completely. I closed my eyes and exhaled as I reached for the door and shut it, shutting myself in with the lethal caged animal. \"What are ya doing?\" he roared. I ignored him, hoping no one else heard him, and circled back to the window pulling out my cell phone. I hit Maddie's speed dial and prayed she would pick up. It could be the difference between life and death. ","Summary":" Sometimes, the simplest thing to do is lie. \"Who are you to the patient, miss?\" The nurse looked "},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Forever I Will Live For You","Author":"aliveinfinitexx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11701031","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, everyone. So, this story is in mere dedication to my closest and dearest friend. I know it's not exactly a video or anything. My laptop wouldn't let me publish it on YouTube. So, I did the next best thing. I thought that I should write a story. Involving one of your most loved characters: Danny Archer from Blood Diamond. Before I write out this story, I just want to say how much you mean to me. From the very first day we met until now. Can you believe it has been a year since we first started talking to each other? I believe it. I've stuck with you through thick and thin. That will never change. No matter where we are at in life. I will never leave you. I am never giving up on you. You jump, I jump. Remember? I love you so much, Emmy. My strong lovely warrior. 3 :) Okay, here is the story. Hopefully I don't make you or anyone else cry too much. DISCLAIMER: I don't own Danny Archer, he solely belongs to Edward Zwick, who is the director for Blood Diamond. Kimba, solely belongs to my closest and dearest friend. I only own the idea. DEDICATION: xWhiteLynx (Emmy) Forever I Will Live For You Never in his thirty-one years did he think he'd be doing this right now. He never thought he'd be leaving the war torn country of Sierra Leone. With his daughter in tow. His daughter had suggested they go to New York. In which, he gladly obliged to move there. It was away from this country. This place that was torn with hate and no love. Danny Archer sat beside his daughter as they boarded the plane to their freedom. All because of a diamond that was found by a man that was lucky enough to get out as well. Which, in all honesty, made him sigh with relief. For both the good fortune of his daughter yet that of Solomon's family. It had been a very long flight, full of either sleeping or watching movies with his daughter. He could see the Statue of Liberty as they flew to New York City. The city that was said to have never slept. Always awake. In a very good way. Much different than his old life back in Sierra Leone. Now, his daughter could have a fresh start. In a place that was so much different than their own. He smiled as they got out from the airport to enter a new city. It was so beautiful. The lights that were making the city aglow at night. He looked over at his daughter and brought her closer to his chest in a tight hug. \"Look, at this, sweetheart.\" He said as Kimba smiled up at him then wrapped her arms around him. \"I love it, daddy. No more worrying. Just you and me. Conquering the world by storm.\" Which, made Danny laugh. He was just glad to be with his daughter. It took them awhile to find a motel. Upon finding one and checking into a room. He sighed and hugged her again. \"Happy birthday, sweetie. You're now fifteen years old. A very good age. For her to both expand her education. For her to know that her life will always be a learning experience. No matter what he had been over there. He wanted to make their life right again. He wanted to become something better. So, as they ate dinner in the room. He looked at his daughter then said, \"I know we just got here. I just... I feel like I should become something better than what I had been over there. In Sierra Leone. Even though, I miss the one place that I will call my home. I just want to become something better than when I was a Mercenary.\" Kimba looked up at her father, questions in her eyes as she thought about what he said. So, he wanted to become something better than what he thought was wrong. \"Well, what is it?\" He looked down at his callused hands. \"Well, I had done some research before coming here. From people that entered there from here. They talked a lot about their police officers. So...\" That was when Kimba clicked it into her brain. \"You want to be a police officer? Make something good of your life. Daddy, that takes a lot of hard work and persistence.\" He smiled as he took a swig of his Jack Daniels beer. \"I know, sweetheart. I just want you to know that I'm going to be okay. I'll always come back home to my daughter.\" Kimba gave a smile then stood up and hugged him tightly. \"I can't stop an Archer from steering off a decision that is already in the mind. So, all I can say is that I'll be cheering for you all the way through it all.\" He gave a smile at his daughter then hugged her back. They had each other. Even as the days went on since that very conversation. From the time he graduated from the police academy. To the time she had her first award from the school for her outstanding grades. They had come from nothing to something. They had come into a city of dreams. Dreaming amongst the billion of other dreamers in the world. That night, Danny was kept awake as Kimba held onto him tightly. She had a nightmare. Which, he didn't blame her. That was the thing that made their life bad. Was going to sleep at night. He had almost died there. His daughter had found him before time was too late. It took them awhile but his friend had came in with his chopper and they left. Going to the safe zone. \"Daddy..\" He heard his daughter's soft voice enter his ears as he was pulled out of his thoughts. \"Yes, sweetheart?\" He asked her in reply. \"Are you going to be okay? Out there in that city. You'll be alive, right?\" He could tell she was scared. So, he rubbed her back lightly. To keep her calm. \"Sweetheart, I'll always come home to you..\" He paused as he stroked her hair gently. \"Forever, I will live for you.\" He said simply then kissed her forehead. Okay. Here it is. Completed! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY STRONG LOVELY WARRIOR BUTTERFLY! Enjoy your day, my lovely! I LOVE YOU! Please review constructive criticism. This will help me as both a person and writer. ","Summary":" Hey, everyone. So, this story is in mere dedication to my closest and dearest friend. I know it's n"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Palm Wine","Author":"Melissa Barsana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7287284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Palm Wine Maddy walked over to where Archer was sitting, all alone in the dark. He looked up at her, and she let her eyes flick down to the carton of white liquid in his hand, which from afar she thought had been milk for one second. He smirked slightly and handed it to her as she sat down. \"It's palm wine,\" he told her. She took a whiff and grimaced. Archer's smirk grew slightly. Maddy took a sip and almost thought she was going to puke it right back up. \"Jesus Christ,\" she managed to say. Archer laughed. \"Yeah, yeah. It takes getting used to, huh?\" \"God...\" she said, laughing a little. \"Drank that as a boy,\" he said. She handed it back to him. \"In Rhodesia?\" she said, He took a swig. \"I take notes.\" He looked down for a moment before speaking. \"The Shona... The Shona have a word for me. Mukiwa. It means 'white boy in Africa.'\" \"When did you leave?\" she asked. \"I didn't leave,\" he said. \"I got sent away to South Africa in 1978 when the munts overran us.\" \"Then you joined the army?\" He nodded, swallowing more palm wine. \"Yeah. Yeah, I did my time in Angola.\" \"The 32 Battalion,\" she said. \"That's right. You know, contrary to what you might think about us, we fought with the black, huh?\" She raised an eyebrow. \"Yeah,\" he said. \"Side by side. There was no apartheid in a foxhole. The colonel always used to tell us that.\" She leaned forward slightly. \"This is Colonel Coetzee?\" she questioned. He nodded. \"Yeah,\" he said, not liking the sound of that name anymore. \"Then, of course, it's 1994. No more army. No more apartheid.\" Maddy took a drink of he palm wine. \"Truth and reconciliation and all of that rubbish, you know. Kumbaya.\" Maddy laughed. \"We fought and died together, you know?\" Archer said. \"Black and white. Most people back home didn't even know we were at war. We thought we were fighting Communism, but in the end, it was all about who gets what, you know? Ivory, oil, gold...\" He leaned back. \"Diamonds.\" It always go back to diamonds... he thought. \"So one day, I decided, 'Fuck it,' you know?\" He put his fist to his chest. \"I'm gonna get mine.\" \"You gonna steal his diamond?\" This made him pause. \"That diamond is my ticket out of this godforsaken continent,\" he told her. \"That doesn't answer the question,\" she said. He looked at her before taking another sip of the wine. Maddy took a deep breath. \"My dad came home from the war in '69.\" She didn't know why she was telling him this, but it just sort of came out. \"And it took him...about 20 years for him to get right.\" Archer laughed. She looked up at him. \"What?\" He put the carton down. \"You Americans, you Americans love to talk about your feelings, huh? So what does that mean? What does that mean?\" His eyes narrowed. \"Got a thing fro messed-up vets now?\" \"Shut up,\" she said. Her gaze softened slightly. \"You lost both your parents,\" she said. He looked away from her. \"That's a polite way of putting it, yeah. Mom was raped and shot and...Dad was decapitated and hung from a hook in the barn.\" For a second, he could hear his mother screaming. His jaw locked together. \"I was 9.\" He leaned away from Maddy and swallowed the emotions he felt rising up. He put in a smile and looked at her. \"Boohoo, right?\" He looked away again and the smile faded. \"Sometimes I wonder...will God ever forgive us for what we've done to each other? Then I look around and I realize... God left this place a long time ago.\" His voice cracked. He looked at her. Then shook his head and leaned forward. \"It's...ah...\" He felt it coming and knew he couldn't hide it from Maddy. \"What's the point, huh?\" He put his hand on his forehead, covering his eyes, and tried to fight the emotion welling up inside him. Maddy reached up slowly and touched his hand. He immediately turn his head away from her but she closed her hand around his. She inched closer to him. After a moment, he looked up at her. They looked into each others eyes for a long moment. She slowly leaned towards him. She couldn't believe that she was, but she that didn't make her stop. She leaned her forehead against his and closed her eyes. She could feel his warm breath bathing her face and felt a good feeling inside her when he didn't pull away. He surprised himself by closing the distance between them and kissing her. She kissed him back. After a long moment, he pulled away, opening his eyes. She opened hers a few seconds after he did. She squeezed his hand. \"Mr. Archer.\" He leaned away from Maddy immediately, pulling his hand away gently. He looked over and saw Benjamin walking towards them. As always, he had a smile on his face. \"I was wondering where you two had ended up.\" Maddy turned to him and smiled. \"Well, um...we were just having a drink before we went to bed,\" she told him. Archer nodded, turning his haze back to her for a moment. Benjamin gave them an apologetic look. \"Well, I'm sorry for interrupting your conversation then,\" he said. \"No, it's okay,\" Maddy told him. She locked eyes with Archer. \"I was just about to go,\" she said. After a moment, Archer looked away, leaning back against the wood. \"Well, good night to both of you, then,\" Benjamin said, clapping Archer on the shoulder as he walked away, with both him and Maddy saying good night back to him. Archer looked back up and saw Maddy still looking at him. \"Good night, Archer,\" she said, getting up and walking away. \"Good night, Maddy,\" he said back quietly, not even sure if she had heard. He looked back down at the palm wine, then took it with him as he walked off. ","Summary":" Palm Wine Maddy walked over to where Archer was sitting, all alone in the dark. He looked up at her"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Never Again, Or So it Seems","Author":"geeky-goth-girl-13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7738270","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"In another life, ja?\" Those words just keep playing through my head. A promise made what seems like a millenia ago, but actually only a few weeks, kept playing through my head like some song that just wouldn't go away. A haunting melody that kept me tearlessly crying in public and sobbing like mad when I am alone. The man I love never again to hold me or tell me he loved me in the throws of passion. A man I loved so much that I wanted to see everyday. But never again would. I, Maddy Bowen, will never again be held by Danny Archer. Because he is dead. The only legacy he is leaving behind is his unborn child. ","Summary":" \"In another life, ja?\" Those words just keep playing through my head. A promise made what seems l"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Frustrations","Author":"payton280390","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9670326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello. I hope you enjoy this fluffy fanfic about Archer and Maddy. It's a shame that Blood Diamond being my all time favorite movie, does not have many fanfictions. I thought Jennifer Connelly, Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon did amazing acting. This was so fun to write. Please R&R;, this might be a one-shot, two-shot, who knows? Let me know in the comments and sorry for any errors, I did not check for them I typed this really fast. Also quotes from the movie are not mine. ~Payton \"Do you think I'm exploiting his grief? You're right, it's shit. It's like one of those infomercials. You know, little black babies with swollen bellies with flies in their eyes. It's right here. I've got dead mothers. I've got severed limbs, but it's nothing new. And it might be enough to make some people cry if they read it. Maybe even write a check. But it's not going to be enough to make it stop. I am sick of writing about victims but it's all i can fucking do because I need facts. I need names. I need dates. I need pictures. I need bank accounts. People back home wouldn't buy a ring if they knew it cost someone else their hand. I can't write that story until I get facts that can be verified. Which is to say until I find someone who will go on record. So if that is not you and you're not really going to help and we're not really going to screw, then why don't you get the fuck out of my face and let me do my work?\" She said bitterly. Maddy crossed her arms and she pursed her lips together, trying to get a reaction out of the cynic Danny Archer. But he stood still, his eyes narrow and dead. Maddy took that as a sign to go and she turned on her heel. Once she knew that he couldn't see her face, she winced and her stomach shook. He was right. Archer followed without any hesitation. They came to a brick wall, he turned to Maddy, his expression stony. \"You know Soloman says his son is going to be a doctor. He's a good boy, Maddy.\" Archer said, crossing his arms. At that, Maddy paused and placed her hands on her hips, \"You're unbelievable.\" With every word that escaped her mouth, she shrunk further down into herself. \"Unbelievable, huh?\" Archer muttered angrily, but hurt oozed out with every syllable. Maddy's voice became louder and louder, \"Yes, Archer you are. You're just using Soloman to get to that diamond.\" \"Just like he's using you and you are using me, huh, Maddy?\" Archer fired back, his fists clenching at his side. Maddy moved forward, anger pumping in her already fired up veins, \"I give up with you Archer.\" With that, Archer stepped closer. And at that point, they were so close they could count the number of freckles each other had. \"I give up with you.\" Archer growled, his lips turning into a snarl. Maddy's eyes narrowed. \"Is that so?\" She muttered sharply. Their gazes were fixed on each other. They didn't notice that they were closer than ever; with their chests touching and their breath mingling. Their lips were turned in passionate hate. They hated that they didn't see eye-to-eye. And they hated that they would never. They hated how their eyes burned with something more than dislike. And this certain burning was becoming more and more apparent. This feeling was crawling up their sleeves and sunk into every single part of their bodies. This feeling pumped and stopped and wrinkled and quaked. And it wouldn't stop. It would never stop. With a growl, Danny pushed Maddy against the wall. Her back was pressed against the rough texture, it felt good. Really good. And she couldn't help but want to hear more of Danny's growls and snarls. In fact, she wanted to hear every word and noise he could make. And apparently, he wanted the same from her, because with no time to react, their bodies were twisted together. Their lips bit and prodded together with desire. Their hands were wild and ravenous, almost as if they were on fire. \"I still give up with you Archer.\" Maddy mumbled, Archer's lips on her neck. He grunted in response. \"I still can't stand you, huh.\" Danny muttered back, but groaned when Maddy pulled on his hair with great strength. Their lips battled and their tongues fought for dominance. They were a mess of the broken and the weak. They were examples of the brokenhearted and the bitter. But when their lips fused together, they were more than that. So much more. Maddy leaned back, gasping for air. Archer turned back too, his mouth curved into an almost wicked smile. \"Still give up, Miss Bowen?\" \"Very much so.\" Maddy gasped back, her chest moving up and down rapidly. ","Summary":" A/N: Hello. I hope you enjoy this fluffy fanfic about Archer and Maddy. It's a shame that Blood Dia"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Big Kids, Big Problems","Author":"MK3A2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6154613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: As a disclaimer, I'm gonna say I'm a huge fan of Archer/Maddy, but, man, this needed to be written. Sun in the back streets of Freetown, beating down like a strong-armed woman taking a willow wand to a dusty carpet. Day-old rain, stagnating in pools along the sides of muddy, cobbled streets, makeshift gutters for a makeshift town. The smell, not so bad once you're used to it and the garbage in the road, because one man's trash is another man's treasure. Turn the corner and find anything, anyone – an old friend, a new enemy, perhaps both and neither all at the same time. \"Cordell – howzit, china?\" I knew it was you, breaking my TV. I paid good cash for that, and just because I broke three windows in your house the last time we met, doesn't give you the right to wreck my only source of wholesome entertainment. I knew the Colonel would send you – in fact, I bet you even volunteered for it. \"Long time, pal.\" Not long enough. You're like a cockroach that you think you've squished up until it pops back up between your toes. You're like a fungus, a mushroom that you can never get rid of, no matter how many times you try. I tried everything I could to get out of this little errand, but I guess the Colonel had other ideas. \"How's Alice?\" Alice, she always liked me more than you. You suspected, of course, but Cordell, let's face it – you're not the sharpest knife in the drawer. Alice loved me, and okay, she maybe loves you too, but it will never be the same. \"Ah, she's well, thanks.\" In fact, she's better than well, but I'm sure you know that from the Christmas card we sent you – you know, the one with the three of us on the farm, the one where her head is tilted back and she's laughing like she's the happiest on earth. I'm sure that cut you deep, Archer – I'd tell you about the mind-blowingly amazing sex we had that night, but this isn't the time. \"Tim must be in school, right?\" The kid you think is your son. Tim looks more and more like me every day, I bet, and I bet it pisses you off to no end. I'd put good money on him having a big mouth and an even bigger attitude, just like me. You'll wonder where he got those bad manners, eventually. \"Ah, big kids, big problems, ya know?\" Just like you and me. You have the balls to ask me how my wife and kid are, you bladdy moegoe – that's right, my wife and my kid. The only reason I haven't put a bullet through your handsome face is because it would break Alice's heart. She still expects you to come to dinner after you visit the Colonel, and if Danny Archer turned up dead in a Freetown gutter, I know she'd know it was because of me. \"Ja ja.\" You and me bru, we know all about problems, don't we? We've known each other a long time, after all. Long enough to know neither of us wants to lose this fight. \"I heard you got into a spot of trouble in the bush.\" I also heard it was an amateur's mistake – some said unlucky, most said downright stupid. Got too smart with the commander and he sent a border patrol to find you. It wasn't a coincidence that they knew to look for diamonds, Danny-boy. \"Ah well, you know the bush, right bru?\" Where we hunted, where we fought, sweated, bled. Where we found her . We were like brothers back then, weren't we? \"Company doing well?\" \"Can't complain. Eleven wars on the continent; we're keeping busy.\" Your decision to leave haunts you, I can tell. You haven't been sleeping, haven't been eating. You said you left to find bigger and better things, to get off this godforsaken continent. But you shouldn't lie – you ran away from the one thing that could have redeemed you. \"So what, you're here on holiday?\" As if you ever take holidays. As if you ever turn off. You're a professional soldier, Cordell, you don't know anything else – no creativity, and therefore always second best in the Colonel's eyes. Next to me, the shining star of the Company, you were nothing. Speaking of… \"How's the Colonel?\" \"He sends his regards.\" He isn't happy with you. He doesn't take disappointment well, especially not from his once-beloved prodigy. You didn't really expect him to just forgive you for turning your back, did you? You were like a son to him, and then you threw it all in his face. \"Good, good. Score us a loose, huh?\" Something to take my mind off this; the Colonel, you, Alice. Something to take your attention off me. \"Smoking'll kill you, bru.\" But we don't really care about that. You must've forgotten how much Alice hates cigarettes. I remember a day when you refused to touch a smoke – the two of us went cold turkey those months in Angola, all for her. \"Ah, only if I live, right?\" Like giving a dying man his last smoke before you plug him full of holes. Spare me the lecture. In fact, take this, you asshole. \"That's for breaking my TV, bru.\" You fucking hit me, you prick. Guess I should've seen it coming, huh. That's what happens when you trust a snake – it comes around and bites you the minute you take your eyes off it. I should've known better, and trust me, you won't ever catch me off guard again. I'll kill you, Danny Archer. \"Tell the Colonel I'll get his money. I'll come see him soon.\" He'll get his money, and you'll get yours. History be damned – I'll kill you, Cordell Brown. ","Summary":" A/N: As a disclaimer, I'm gonna say I'm a huge fan of Archer/Maddy, but, man, this needed to be wri"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"TIA","Author":"hulachowdown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6061782","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, this isn't much. But I watched this movie in Social and it just touched me so much that I had to write something. Hope you enjoy it. He slumped back against the bolder feeling all of his body start to go numb. His breathing came ragged and uneven and sounded way too loud in his ears. His eyes followed his arm to the blood that had made a red river from his side. The blood started to pool in a mini lake on the red soil. ' They say the earth is red from all the blood that has been spilt from all the fighting on the land'. He could now see that that was a ridiculous statement in itself. Blood was a lot darker than the earth would ever be. He let his hand slowly grasp for the tiny bits of earth and he felt it between his fingers. ' T.I.A ' He had never put much thought into those three words. This Is Africa . Those three words were used to summarize all the terrible things that happened in this continent, he would know because he had been a part of most of those terrible things. It wasn't his fault really; it was just the way things were done around here. It might be wrong to people like Maddy who did not grow up here, but for him it was the norm. T.I.A. And what a gorgeous place Africa was when one was about to die. Finally, he let his mind rest on Maddy as he felt his conscious start to slip. Her eyes , her soft brown hair, her voice... everything gave him the little bit of strength that he needed to get through this. The pain was gone but only to be replaced by the rapid pounding of his chest in his chest and the uncontrollable wave of sadness that washed over him. He was dying. He knew it. But at least he was right where he should be. He was in his Africa. ' Sorry Maddy. Maybe in another life I'd have had the courage to tell you...' ... ... ... ' I love you.' ","Summary":" Well, this isn't much. But I watched this movie in Social and it just touched me so much that I had"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Bleed","Author":"Wanderer of the Roads","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4066998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bleed It hurt. It hurt so much. Archer stumbled, thernimpact of the fall reverberating in his ribcage, and he howled, hisrnfingers curling instinctively at the blinding pain, wet dirt pushingrninto his nails. His breaths came inrngasps now. He clutched at his chest, his eyes shut tight, the hotrnburn in his side intensifying. His senses werernblurred, all he saw were greens and browns and white light, stingingrnhis eyes. And suddenly they werernall back, jolted back into place as he was lifted up, onto Solomon'srnbroad back. Archer howled again, his wound felt as if it were tearingrnitself apart, his muscles wounding up so tightly that he could notrnfeel himself anymore. He heard Solomon grunt as he made his wayrnuphill again, but it sounded as if the man were far away, as if hernhimself was locked up in a small glass box, and all he could hear wasrnhis own laboured breaths and the distant brush of grass and thernlonely call of a faraway bird. He was drifting away,rnin his glass box, and he fancied he heard waves. Calm, soothing, coolrnwaves. His eyes started to droop, and the reddish brown dirtrnflickered, melting into gold, fine gold sand- All the pain crashedrndown onto him again, harshly, knocking the wind out of him. Herncouldn't stand it anymore. \"I can't! No!rnStop!\" he gasped, his breath shallow. Solomon gently put himrndown, and he clawed at the grass, as if it would drain the pain outrnsomehow. With a grunt, he rolled over, collapsing onto the coolrnearth. His sight focused, almost painfully, when he stared up at thernclear sky to see his plane flying overhead. Solomon bent down, asrnif wanting to pick him up again, but Archer grabbed his arm. \"God! No, stop!rnChrist, no more. No more,\" he yelled, shaking his head. Archer's fingers wentrnto his side, where a stray bullet had left a gaping hole in his lung.rnHe stared at it. Blood coated his fingertips, and he took a good lookrnat it. He looked up at Solomon. The black man's eyes were fixed onrnhis wound gravely. Archer cast his eyesrndown. That was it. It was over. At long last. The same bloodiedrnfingers traveled to the lump in his shirt pocket, wet and cold withrnhis own blood. He took the little bundle out, and released it fromrnits confines of stinking cloth. It was beautiful. Hernheld it up to the sun and a grin spread on his mud-covered face. Hernchuckled, though it hurt. A lot. It was beautiful. This little stone hadrngiven him the adventure of his life. And his death as well. Looking beyond its pinkrnclarity, he met Solomon's eyes. \"Take it, huh?\" \"Mr Archer-\" Archer snapped, \"Takernit! Take it.\" He shoved it into his large hand, letting go of thernsmall piece of paradise. It was not his to keep. Solomon grinned,rnlooking down at the stone, then back at him, humour in his voice. \"Irnthought you would steal it from me.\" Archer laughed. \"Yeah,rnyeah, it occurred to me, huh?\" And they laughed. Itrnfelt good, thought Archer. It was the end of the road now. It wasrnalmost over. Reaching into his shirtrnpocket again, he pulled out the bloodstained card he had carefullyrntucked away and gave it to Solomon. He took the deepest possiblernbreath and said, \"Listen, this is Maddy's card, huh? Call herrnwhen you get to Guinea, alright?\" Solomon nodded, andrnArcher pulled a gun from his trousers, wincing at the sharp stab ofrnpain in his chest. \"And don't trust that pilot for a second.rnPoint this at his head if he fucks around, huh?\" He shoved the gunrninto his other hand. \"I can carry you,\"rninsisted Solomon. Archer looked into hisrneyes. Both knew he would not make it. So he shook his head, shiftingrnto sit up a little more. His eyes went to Dia.rnThe boy stared back. \"Take your boy home,rnhuh?\" he said quietly. \"Take him home, huh?\" Archer's eyes werernstrangely dry when father and son scrambled onto their feet, and hernlooked at their retreating figures for a second before gunshotsrnjerked him back into consciousness. \"Fuck,\" herngrumbled. Grabbing the machine gun by his side, he braced himself andrndragged himself to the verge of boulder. It looked as if theyrndidn't do that great a job at blowing up the colonel's boys. Gritting his teeth, hernpositioned himself at the edge, and pulled the trigger. He smirkedrnsatisfactorily as two men dropped down, followed by three more, deadrnor alive. He pulled back to loadrnhis gun, and he heard someone yell, \"Archer! You're a dead man!\" Archer actuallyrngrinned, repositioning his gun. \"Yeah yeah.\" As the adrenaline rushrnfaded, the acute pain made its presence felt again. Archer winced andrnwarily glanced at the plain below. There was nobody in sight. Hauling himselfrnbackwards, he grunted and leant his head back against the warm rock,rncatching his breath. He suddenly felt veryrnfaint, and black specks appeared at the outer rim of his vision, butrnhe stubbornly blinked them away, shaking his head sharply. He had one more thingrnto do. The numbers floated inrnfront of his eyes, and he had to bite down on his lips to make hisrneyes focus, perhaps a bit too harshly- he tasted the blood on hisrnlip. Shakily, and agonisingly slowly, he punched the buttons one byrnone. He knew the numbers by heart. He had held the card in his handsrnand stared at it many a times, wanting nothing more than to hear herrnvoice again. And he would now, forrnthe last time. \"Hello. Maddy Bowen.\" He smiled. He couldrnpicture her, her brown curls, her green eyes, her lips. \"Yeah, thought I'drnnever call huh?\" he asked, keeping his tone light. He could hear herrnsmile. And nothing ever felt better than this. Her smiling for him.rn\"And I'm so glad you did. When am I gonna see you?\" Pain attacked again,rnand he breathed in sharply. \"Maddy I want you to do me one lastrnfavour, huh?\" He squeezed his eyes shut at the sting in his chest.rn\"I want you to meet Solomon in Guinea.\" \"In Guinea. Why dornyou want me to go to Guinea?\" He wheezed. Why was itrnhurting so much again? \"We found his son, but he's gonna needrnsome help, understand? Maddy-\" She cut her off, herrntone panicky. \"You're hurt. Are you hurt?\" \"Yeah well,\" hernsaid softly. \"I got a little problem here.\" He spied a row ofrnfresh troops at the foot of the hill, their guns aimed at him.rnMotherfuckers. He was onlyrnhalf-listening now, the pain rushing over him like an insistent tide,rndrowning him. Maddy said something,rnbut he couldn't hear her. The whirr of engines led his eyesrnupwards, and he looked up just in time to see the plane fly overhead. \"Archer?\" With a soft smile onrnhis bleeding lips, he turned away so that he was staring out at thernhuge expanse of green hills- so peaceful, so wild, so beautiful. T.I.A ., hernthought to himself wryly. Quietly, he breathedrninto the phone, his breath becoming more than uncomfortably short.rn\"I'm looking at an incredible view right now. I wish you werernhere, Maddy.\" He wished she was herernwith him so bad. He wanted her to hold his hand, like that night. Herrnsoft fingers wrapped around his weathered hands. Soothing. A taste ofrnheaven. \"Okay then I'mrncoming to be with you. Just tell me where you are.\" The black specks werernthere again, but this time he couldn't fight them. Not anymore. \"I don't think so,\"rnhe rasped. He dipped into arnmomentary darkness, and he heard a murmur of her voice over thernphone, but he couldn't hear her. He just couldn't. He drew in a deeprnbreath. \"Maddy you find somewhere safe for the boy, huh? And keeprnhim out of sight. And get Solomon to London. He's bringingrnsomething with him. He's gonna need your help.\" \"Why aren't yournbringing it yourself?\" Archer chuckled a bit.rn\"It's a real story now. You can write the hell out of it.\" Silence fell upon them,rnand Archer smiled. His voice was almost tender when he said this,rn\"I'm really happy I met you. You know that?\" He needed her to knowrnthis. \"Yeah, I'm- I'mrnreally happy I met you too. And I wish I could be there with you.\" He could hear herrncrying. A current of sadness washed through him as truth dawned uponrnhim. He would never see her again. His throat closed uprnsuddenly and he was violently gasping for breath now. He clenched hisrnteeth and kept on breathing. Just keep breathing for a little whilernlonger. \"That's alright,\"rnhe told her. \"I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be.\" He looked at the bloodrnred sun, and he knew he was right. He would never leave.rnNot now. The phone fell out ofrnhis hand as he went limp, slumping against the boulder. His eyes fellrnto his hand, and he watched the blood drip from his fingertips ontornthe sand. They say the earthrnis red from all the blood that has been spilt from all the fightingrnon the land. He could hardly feelrnanything now, but slowly he curled his fingers, and brought his handrnup again, watching the fine grains of red earth slip away in therngently breeze. It was all fading now.rnEverything. He didn't feel hisrnarm drop bonelessly. He didn't feel hisrnhead fall back on the hard stone. He didn't feel hisrnthroat closing up. He didn't feel hisrnheart slowing down. But he watched the sunrnshine, a brilliant red. And a speck of white moving towards the ballrnof fire. Somehow, he knew thatrnwas something good. He was tired, so tired. He didn't feel hisrneyes close, nor his lips curve softly into a smile. Listen- No, you listen. Maybe in anotherrnlife. The red faded into arnblinding white, and the winds sighed- And he was exactlyrnwhere he was supposed to be. I think this is thernmost touching death scene of all movies, which is why I thought therernshould be something about Archer's last moments. I hope you enjoyedrnthat. ","Summary":" Bleed It hurt. It hurt so much. Archer stumbled, thernimpact of the fall reverberating in his ribca"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Photograph","Author":"Aebhel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4052956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This story is for the 2006 movie Blood Diamond . There isn't a subcategory for it, so I'm putting this up under 'screenplays'. If anyone knows how to move it to where it belongs, please let me know. He wasn't a bad man, not really. Maddiernthinks that eight years ago, back in college, she might have thoughtrndifferently, but, well...that was then. The photograph is set, crisp black andrnwhite. She knows that if any other photos of him exist, she's notrnlikely to come across them. In a few months, this picture will becomernthe image of him she holds in her head as the reality of the manrngrows increasingly dim, progressing from vivid present to an abstractrnmemory, something to file away in the back of her head like a box ofrndried roses that she can take out sometimes when she's feelingrnmaudlin. Maddie hates this about herself, andrnshe was twenty-five, maybe older, when she realized that everyone isrnthis way. It's why she became a writer, she thinks - to capture thernpeople and moments that were forever slipping through her grasp. Itrnnever works, of course, but she has found other causes by now, otherrnreasons to write. Reasons like Solomon, gentle, decentrnSolomon and his family. Solomon is a good man, and his cause is arngood cause - it is her cause as well, and she believes in it. Her fingers hover over the glossyrnphotograph, wanting to touch. He looks lean and handsome, somehowrnelevated by the stark simplicity of black and white. She remembersrnhow he smelled that day, like sweat and the horrible cheap cigarettesrnhe smoked, all overlaid with the copper tang of blood. The tip of arnscar is visible on his collarbone, peeking out of his shirt, and shernremembers that it ran down the right side of his torso, neatlyrnmissing the nipple. A knife, she thinks, or a bayonet - she neverrnthought to ask. He had a lot of scars, but then, he'd been a soldier,rnhadn't he? She hadn't even known how old he was.rnThirty-one, Solomon had told her, later. Thirty-one, and crazy, wasrnwhat he said. But a good man, in the end. Maddie doesn't think Daniel Archer wasrncrazy, and she doesn't really think he was a good man, either. Maybernin a better world, he would have been juggling a retirement fund andrna mortgage, and there would have been time to think about questionsrnof good and evil, but the world is a bad one and Danny died alone,rnhunched over his machine gun in the embrace of dry red rocks, and thernonly comfort she has is of knowing that his last deed, at least, wasrna good one. Maddie doesn't think retirement wouldrnhave suited him, anyway. ","Summary":" A/N: This story is for the 2006 movie Blood Diamond . There isn't a subcategory for it, so I'm putt"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Once in a Lifetime","Author":"Vive La Resistance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10141979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've been thinking on this one for a very long time, at least a couple of years. It took me some courage to write it, but really I'm just trying to get the idea going in my head. SO… disclaimer: I don't own Blood Diamond in any fashion, and this is purely for fun. Enjoy :) Maddy was tired. She'd spent all day yesterday at the hospital, this morning too. It was around noon when she finally left. It seemed as if the nurses had enough of her, they had practically pushed her out the ICU doors. She was half sure it was because she reeked to high hell. The only relief she had was the knowledge that Danny would be able leave by Friday, it was only Wednesday, but just the thought greatly reassured her. It'd been one of the worst weeks of her life, even worse than the time her dad had a panic attack in front of a thousand people during his big senate speech. Maddy had thought Danny was gonna die. There had been no way possible for her to get to him, find his location (she didn't know anyone in the area, moreover where he even was), or get help to him. Nothing would have worked, short of a miracle. She supposed it was somewhat of a miracle, or at least her panicking that had led to a solution. Beth had been sitting with her for lunch that afternoon. Beth, her world famous doctor of a sister saw her crying and ran to help. Beth had a lot of ties in Africa, particularly in places of conflict. Beth had been the one to get her to Africa in the first place, showed her pictures of crying babies and severed limbs, and Beth knew people near the GPS coordinates she'd been able to track using her SAT phone. They'd contacted people in the area and had them searching before lunch had even ended ( Maddy couldn't have eaten anyway). Maddy had been up all night before the call finally came in. Beth left earlier that evening, something about a late night pager to the hospital she was teaching interns at. That left Maddy alone to work out all the details. She knew Danny couldn't stay in Sierra Leone, he couldn't stay in Africa period. Not when he was hurt so badly. But, if she brought him to London, Van de Kaap would find him and like Danny said \"you might as well kill me\". That's where the money came in. Most of Maddy's money came from her father's hard work, but her mother also came from a very wealthy family, they had one of the biggest bank accounts on Long Island. Maddy was never wanting for money, but she rarely dipped her hands into the family funds. She'd gotten to Afghanistan through her own hard work at journalism. Her mother had been kicked out of the family for marrying her father, that is until he'd climbed up the military ladder and ended up as a senator of North Carolina. But Maddy would suck it up for Danny. Maddy used the cash to get Danny on a plane, she told her mom she needed it to get out of the conflict zone. She gave the pilots and the doctor aboard a fake name and made sure Danny hadn't woken for the entirety of the flight. He'd gotten to London Royal Hospital on Monday morning. Ideally, she'd have Beth treating him, but Beth had left the same day Danny arrived, mother begging one of them for help in setting up their cousins wedding at the family vacation house. Maddy's mom desperately wanted her to attend (Claiming she'd invited some very eligible bachelors, and that Maddy should put aside her harsh feeling for the groom, her former boyfriend). Begrudgingly Maddy admitted it was a good idea, her lips turning up at the idea of dragging Danny along with her. When she told her mom she'd be bringing someone, Maddy could hear the curiosity and the surprise in her moms voice, especially when she told her they'd met in Africa ( there was no way Maddy could hide that accent). Her mom had been delighted at the news, Maddy was just happy Danny would be far away from Van de Kaap. While Danny was in surgery to remove the bullet that Monday evening, Maddy went shopping, not because she was a spoiled brat, but rather out of necessity. She wanted to keep up the pretense that Danny wasn't running for his life (romantically, part of her wanted him with her under his own decision) and besides, Danny desperately needed clothes, cause he couldn't walk around the airport in the scrubs the hospital had given him (no matter how good she thought he'd look walking around in just a pair of those low cut loose drawstring pants). She'd never felt better picking out a man's clothes. She dug through countless rows of shirts and jeans, she asked some of the male store attendants for their sizes, comparing their builds to Danny's. Her heart swelled when she walked up to that counter, a pile of clothes in her arms and a shaving kit tucked by her side, she didn't feel used for once, it was nice to be needed . Wednesday afternoon found Maddy wanting for a shower. She'd never been a messy, dirty person, panic just brought out the worst in her. Maddy prided herself in being a no nonsense, organized, clean-cut kind of person, it had helped her go far in journalism, she was never afraid get deep into what she was reporting. Except this time, she may have gone a bit too far, but maybe it was worth it. Maddy's hotel room was covered in paper, clothes, and takeout boxes. The things she'd bought for Danny were still in their bags, strewn about the room, covered in tissue paper. Maddy herself had just gotten out of the showers, comfortable in pair of snug fitting jeans, and one of the overly large men's shirts she had pulled out of one of the various bags, Maddy was still trying to tame her sopping wet hair. Except the doorbell buzzed, and Maddy couldn't figure out why it had buzzed at all, because she was certain she told the front desk that she didn't want any visitors, especially business looking men. When it buzzed for a third time, Maddy took that as a sign that whoever was at the door wouldn't be leaving anytime soon. Maddy didn't expect to see her little sister at the door when she opened it, let alone her cousin and her other younger sister. She tried to open her mouth and say something, but nothing seemed appropriate. Her youngest sister just pushed the door open wider and strutted in, Maddy could hear her high heels clicking on the tile. \"Geeze Mad's, when mom told us you where here, I almost didn't believe her. I mean this place is sooo subpar to the Ritz.\" Maddy watched as Valerie's hand trailed along the contour of the couch, Maddy knew she was inspecting every single part of the room, eagerly looking for something to gossip about. Maddy stood by the door awkwardly, waiting for the rest of the party to shuffle in. \"What are you doing in London?\" Maddy's cousin, Stacy crossed her arms defensively \" Shopping of course! The wedding is in a week, I need to pick up my dress. It's an Alexander McQueen, of course. I'm also picking up Greg's suit.\" \"You can think of it as a sort of bachelorette party.\" Valerie added Maddy's other sister, Lily stood quietly by the door. Valerie dramatically waved her hands at the mess around the room \" Tornado blow through here Mads? Or did you just have a bit of fun last night?\" She picked up one of the button down shirts Maddy had bought for Danny. Slightly panicked, Maddy rushed over to snatch the shirt out of Valerie's claws. She watched Stacy dig through another pile of clothes on the couch, and sniff appreciatively at the cologne she'd picked out. \"Nice hello…. we haven't seen you in almost a year and you can't even share some of your nightly adventures with your sisters.\" Gesturing to the clothes Maddy let out a slow breath \"They belong to a friend\" Like two starved vultures, Valerie and Stacy raced forward eagerly \"What kind of friend?\" \"Are you gonna bring him to the party?\" \"He can't be a better catch than Greg was!\" Maddy wanted to plug her ears childishly, cause at least then she could drown out a little bit of the noise. It was Lily who eventually rescued her. \"Hey, guys? I thought we were going out to lunch? I'm starving!\" Val let out a low huff \" Oh yeah, well I guess we can talk about Maddy's new conquest over lunch.\" The others began to pile out the door. Maddy could see Stacy pouting as she left, eager to catch a glimpse of who she thought was Maddy's mystery man; it had been the same way with Greg. Before Maddy found out he was cheating on her with Stacy, she would have thought Stacy's behavior to be completely innocent, but really it seemed as though Stacy was intent on ruining every aspect of Maddy's life. \"Aren't you coming\" Valerie waved her over, towards to now open door. Maddy paused for a second \"You didn't even call me to let me know you were here.\" Valerie shrugged \"I wanted to surprise you, besides, we didn't expect you back home until next month.\" Maddy didn't really want to go with them, but she knew if she objected it would be a big deal. Her original plan had been to organize her and Danny's bags, and then head over to the hospital. She was almost certain that Danny would still be unconscious, they'd kept him on the ventilator despite the inherent risks of pneumonia because it was still too difficult for him to breath. They'd assured her that he'd be off it by tomorrow morning at the latest, but in the meantime he was kept sedated so he didn't choke on the tube. Valerie led the way over to the elevator while Maddy locked the door behind her. No one said anything on the way down, but Maddy could feel the curiosity pouring from all three of them, though Lily, as always, was the more reserved of them. When Maddy stepped out into the parking lot wanted to roll her eyes at the sight; a gaudy cherry red convertible lay parked by valet. The others piled in, and she nearly giggled at the stereotypical sight. All sunglasses, windblown hair, and manicured nails, she was far from the crowd in the car. They ushered her in, and she was sure that they were gonna to one of those expensive vegetarian places that she hated so much. On the car ride over Valerie tried to grill her for details; thankfully true to her word, mother hadn't told anyone anything. Maddy preferred to keep it that way, the snobby part of her family were very judgmental (a trait unfortunately inherited by Valerie), and Maddy would hate to think what they would say about a white boy from Africa. When Maddy was dating Greg, it had been all smiles from her mom's side of the family. Greg was handsome and very well off, but that wasn't why Maddy loved him, he had been sweet, and like her he wasn't afraid to get dirty doing his job; apparently the same went for his relationships. The restaurant was exactly what Maddy thought it would be; marble floors, vaulted ceilings, a sweeping view of the city; all this just to eat your salad in. A glance at the menu made Maddy shudder, It had been hard for her to procure marshmallows in Sierra Leone; truffles would have been impossible. Maddy would have enjoyed a bar far more, a Guinness in her hand and a steak on her plate, she'd never been one for pretty looking meals. There were other things on the menu, but everyone else ordered a salad, so Maddy did too, albeit she added seared tuna, the closest thing she could get to a steak. She pretended she didn't see them when they all gaped at her. During lunch, Maddy did her best to ignore the comments made by her sister and cousin. Instead, she talked about Sierra Leone, it's rugged beauty, so unlike anywhere else she had been before. Valerie and Lillian had seemed genuinely interested, they asked about her time spent in the refugee camps and discussed some of the ethnic cuisine. Throughout this Maddy could see Stacy boredly picking at her salad. \"Come on Maddy! We wanna hear about your new boy toy!\" Stacy whined Valerie joined in \"Yeah Mads, we're not stupid, we know you have one. Just tell us what he's like, you met in London, right?\" she leaned forward and whispered \"he doesn't have bad teeth does he? I mean if that's why you don't want us to meet him that's ok, they can be fixed really easily.\" \"No he doesn't have bad teeth\" Maddy picked apart the tuna slices on her plate. \"Well, just tell us! Come on Mads, we'll all be really happy for you!\" Lilly sounded excited as the rest. \"We met in Africa\" They were silent \"He was one of the other journalists right? I knew it! You told me about the one in Afghanistan.\" Valerie spoke quickly Maddy took a sip of her drink \"He's from Rhodesia, well Zimbabwe now, we met in Sierra Leone though.\" Valerie was the first to answer \"Oh great, when are we gonna meet him?\" \"I'm taking him to the wedding, if that's okay with you, Stacy?\" \"Oh yeah.\" Stacy stuttered a bit \"sure, he can hang out with Greg.\" Maddy nodded as she speared a piece of her fish, she had to get out of here. She had known they would be like this, but she thought at least they'd be a bit better about it. When Maddy got up to go to the bathroom, her purse forgotten on the seat of her chair. It unexpectedly rang, Stacy and Valerie unsurprisingly decided it would be best to answer it. Stacy, holding the phone, read the caller ID and proceeded to answer, even though she had seen the London Royal Hospital abbreviation. OK, so let me know what you think? I know, no Danny :( he'll be in here soon enough though, I promise.[Chapter 2] When Maddy stepped out of the ladies room the last thing she expected to see was Stacy holding her cell phone. Maddy knew that her cousin was nosy; she just didn't think that anyone would actually dare to be that invasive. She nearly ripped the phone out of Stacy's hand when she got to the table. \"What are you doing with my phone?\" Stacy rolled her eyes \"relax Mads, I just thought I'd take a message for you.\" Maddy wanted to strangle her, especially when she looked at the caller ID \"Stacy, that was a really important call! You can't just answer my phone! What did they say?\" \"Well, jeez Maddy, I didn't know what to think, I mean it was the hospital calling. I was genuinely concerned for you, you have put on a little weight.\" Stacy gestured at Maddy's figure Maddy angrily pulled her jacket off the back of the chair and swung her purse back over her shoulder \"Lily could you drop me off at the hospital?\" \"Wait a minute!\" Valerie held her arms out defensively in front of Lily \"That's our car! You can't just leave us here! We had plans!\" Stacy joined in, whining \"Yeah! I still have to register what I want for the wedding, and besides Mads, this is supposed to be like a light bachelorette party.\" \"A light bachelorette party?\" Maddy couldn't contain her sigh \"Yeah, my other one is in New York, I invited soo many people Mads! My wedding planner wasn't even sure if you would make it on the list! I mean we weren't sure if you were coming and all\" she trailed off. \"Lets go!\" Maddy gestured towards Lilly again As Maddy turned away and Lily hesitantly made her way towards the door, Stacy and Valerie hurriedly grabbed all their things and dropped ₤100 on the table. \"Wait! We're coming too!\" They stumbled over their 6 inch heels on the way to the door. When Danny joined the army in 1978, he was only 16. That was when the country was still Rhodesia. He told the commander he was 18, the guy didn't even blink, just handed him a gun and taught him how to shoot. And then suddenly, a year later, there was no more Rhodesia, and for Danny that meant there was no home. The rebel troops of Zimbabwe, formerly Rhodesia, were pushed into South Africa, and that was his place for a while, with the 32 Battalion; one of the most feared military groups in the South African army. The \"Terrible ones\" they called them after the war. The thing was, Danny didn't remember doing anything that wasn't asked of them, they weren't cruel, but efficient. That's what made them the best at what they did. South Africa entered an era of peace, while they were off fighting. There was no apartheid in the war, it made no difference to any of them what color you were, as long as you were loyal and could shoot a gun. But the Apartheid in South Africa changed everything. Danny liked the prospect of peace in South Africa. No apartheid, it was a good thing. Just not for the 32 battalion. The new government wanted no violence, and that meant no soldiers. They were disbanded, but they were still soldiers. None of them had been among society in a long time; they couldn't hold down jobs, they didn't get any recompense for their service. The old government that had sent them off to Angola in the first place didn't want anything to do with them. That's when Danny got into the diamond business He didn't regret it when he thought about it, though he knew he probably should. He would have done anything to get off that godforsaken continent. He'd been to England before to make some negotiations, but his \"business partners\" had followed him around town like a couple of vultures, no chance to get away. Danny had loved Africa when he was little, loved the air, the feel of the dust beneath his toes. His family had been here since Africa was first colonized. They were farmers out in the bush, Danny rarely went into town as a kid, and he remembered begging his dad. Then, one day he didn't have the chance anymore. From then on Danny hated Africa, he had no home, and eventually his Rhodesian passport was of no value, and so he had no country. After the war he had no money, so he got good at tricking tourists. After the apartheid a poor white in Africa was no better than anyone else, and as far as he could tell, only the rich got somewhere in life. To the European tourists he wasn't good enough to lick their boots. The Americans were easy to trick out of a pretty penny. They were always looking for an \"experience,\" something they could run back home and talk about with their friends. Danny had fallen in love with a girl like that once, when he told her she laughed at him, explained to him that he was just a fling, he was interesting, but she would never bring him home to meet her parents. After that, he never trusted anyone enough to let himself care for them, they always left him one way or another. That's why it was a surprise when he woke up in London, especially when he didn't expect to wake up at all. At least with the voice blaring on the intercom he figured it was London. The thing was, when Danny woke up he couldn't breathe, and that worried him. He wanted to claw at his face, figure out what the problem was. Till someone ran in, and held his arms down to keep him from thrashing. They told him to breathe out on three. When he did, he was left choking, though there was nothing there. He felt someone pound on his back, a doctor he thought? \"Mr. Bowen? Mr. Bowen? Daniel?!\" The voice nearly yelling \"I need to sit you up, but I'm gonna need your cooperation, It'll help you breathe a bit easier.\" Bowen? That meant Maddy was here, Danny felt his heart leap; she hadn't forgotten about him. He felt the bed slide up beneath him, his hands reached out to grab something to keep himself from slipping down. Someone reached over and grabbed his shoulders; they held him up till the bed stopped moving. Danny felt like his chest was burning, he still couldn't get enough air, and he could feel his lungs crackling with each breath. The doctor pressed a mask to his face for a moment before setting up a lightweight tube, so he could breathe through his nose. \"It will hurt to breathe for a while; you'll probably never run in a marathon ever again; though if it's any consolation, they're a pain in the ass anyway.\" The doctor smiled lightly at him and shined his penlight in Danny's eyes. He nodded approvingly and then stood up straight next to the bed. \"As for talking, that will be hard for a few days. You've been on a ventilator for a while; we had to take you off because you were showing acute signs of pneumonia on the x-rays.\" He held up the dark laminations as if to show Danny \"Your throat is probably sore, I'll get a nurse to bring you some ice, in the meantime we've already contacted Mrs. Bowen, she should here any minute.\" Briskly the doctor tucked the folders beneath his arm and walked out of the room. Soon after a nurse bustled in and fussed with the covers and the pillows, she handed him a cup of ice indicating that he should chew on those. It occurred to Danny that he had no idea what day it was, he had no idea how he had gotten here, though he was sure Maddy had something to do with it. He couldn't remember anything except for the warm weight of sand in his palm and the sun on his face, the thought made him close his eyes and suddenly he was really really tired... Danny didn't often wake up to silence, more often than not; it was the sound of gunfire and screaming that woke him up. He felt a hand on his arm and heard her whisper \"Danny? Archer?\" So, Maddy was here? He opened his eyes to see, she looked like he remembered, except maybe a bit more tired, dark circles hung under her eyes. He was happy to see her, but he didn't expect to feel angry. He supposed it was because he felt violated, he was so used to being in control, and now he wasn't even sure what day it was, or what was wrong with him. It hurt that she hadn't asked if he wanted to be saved, he had accepted his fate, only to be pulled back from his one chance a peace. He couldn't help thinking what would happen once he got better, was he like a sick puppy to her? Once he was healed she would put him back where he came from. A onetime thing because she felt pity for him He swallowed the dismay and anger he felt, and looked up at her. She reached out and tentatively tucked his hair back into place, before sweeping her palm down and feeling the week worth of whiskers growing on his face. \"Are you okay?\" He cleared his throat, but it still came out rougher than he expected \" ja, but I've been better, ya know?\"[Chapter 3] The doctor held up various X-rays to the light, pointing at obscure pale white regions on scans of what appeared to Maddy as a set of rather poor looking lungs. \"What I'm saying Miss. Bowen is that this will heal into an extensive amount of scar tissue and that there was significant damage to both layers of the pleural membrane; in all honestly, this isn't good. If he had come in earlier there wouldn't have been as much tissue death, and then there's worrying signs of fluid build up here at the bottom of the scans which could mean an onset of pneumonia, and in his condition that could be deadly.\" Maddy's mouth curled into a frown \"But you have him on antibiotics though, shouldn't that be enough?\" The doctor turned towards her wiping his glasses on his lab coat. \"It's not uncommon to see fluid build-up in the lungs when you have someone on a ventilator for more than a few hours; it's one of the risks we take. It's the inactivity that causes the fluid to stick; what he needs more than anything is to get active so that the fluid will break up instead of continuing to build up.\" \"So I just need to get him walking around?\" He nodded \"Not as simple as it sounds though, I'm concerned that too much activity could aggravate his lungs even further. It's a catch 22. If he stresses the injury out too early, the long term effects to his health will be more devastating than they already are, but not doing so could cost him his life.\" Maddy heard the dull thud of something hitting the wall and the squeal of a nurse as she walked urgently to Danny's room. Her hands balled at her waist, she stood just at the doorway looking at the scene within. \"What is going on in here?\" Maddy crossed her arms and stared at the remains of pale yellow juice dripping down the wall, the nurse standing abashedly in the corner of the room trying to wipe to yellow from what once was a pristine white uniform. Upon seeing Maddy she made a frantic scramble out the door. \"What is this bullshit?\" Danny angrily gestured at the mess on the wall \"they've been giving me shit that tastes like rhino piss.\" \"And you would know what rhino piss tastes like, right?\" Maddy commented in amusement. \"Ja, well I'm fucking sick and tired of doing what everyone around here tells me to do, I'm tired of drinking shit that tastes like piss. No one around here will give me a cigarette, I haven't eaten anything in three days, and all I do is walk up and down the halls of this godforsaken hospital everyday! \" He paused breathing a bit heavily \"A cigarette would kill you Danny; it's hard enough for you to take a walk down the hall.\" Maddy sat down heavily in a chair in the corner of the room. \"I need to get the hell out of here Maddy\" Danny ran his hands through his hair wearily. They sat in silence like that for a few minutes \"Danny?\" Maddy began a bit hesitantly \"When you get better…..I was hoping you would come with me.\" Danny peered up at her \"Oh ja? Where are you going now Maddy? South America, huh? To help the poor starving children, right?\" Maddy ignored his stinging comment \"New York, my parents own a house there, I haven't been back in a few years, but it's a nice place to take a break, my cousin is getting married there in two weeks or so and….. I thought we could go.\" \"Ah so you just want to parade me around like some sort of rare animal, ja? White boy from Africa, show your whole family that you're very compassionate by taking in this sick \"puppy\" you brought all the way with you. Then you'll dump me when you're through, ship me back to Africa, or even better, right to Van De Kaap himself, get some sort of lekker prize out of it, huh?\" Archer was sneering, his face turning red with rage \"or better yet, take the messed up vet home to fix him? That's your thing isn't? You can take me home, and just like your father, a work in progress, a new project for your little game.\" Danny was breathing harder and harder, she couldn't take it, she didn't want to listen. Maddy pushed the call button She didn't object when she was taken out of the room, all she could feel was the pain in her chest, right where her heart should have been. Maddy felt so stupid. Tears streaming down her face, she closed the door to her hotel room and sank to the floor. He didn't mean it; she knew it in her heart. He was bitter, he was hurt. He could be so sweet though, but that just made it sadder in a way, as if it was more significant because she knew he could be so nice. Maddy just wanted to crawl to her bed and sleep. Let herself sink into oblivion for a few hours, just so that she wouldn't have to feel the pain for a while. It wouldn't work though, she knew it. Her dreams would be filled with dead Archer, angry Archer, and even sweet Archer, it was almost unbearable. She wiped the tears from her eyes. She should have told her sisters and cousin to join her, she almost wished she had. She'd left them sitting in their car stunned at her rudeness. As soon as they'd gotten to the hospital entrance Maddy flew from the car with a few apologetic words and vague promises to meet up again, she hadn't meant it though. Right now she could really use the company. She was sure that they were still in town, or at least she sure hoped they would be. Maddy picked herself up off the floor and headed towards phone in her room. Maddy waited in the lobby of her hotel room dressed to the nines. Going out to a formal party wasn't what she had in mind, but it was part of Stacy's plans for the night, and Greg was going to be there. If Maddy ever had a soft spot for Greg, it had been obliterated a long time ago. She really loved him once. She had even thought he might be the one she would marry. He was very arrogant; she seemed to attract the sort. A big shot lawyer, fresh out of school, he'd started out small; taking hopeless cases almost no one could win, he was sympathetic, and she liked that. Greg was good at his job, a smooth talker. Greg had been just as eager as her to prove himself on his own. Like her, he came from a well off family, but he wanted to do things by himself. They'd been similar in a lot of ways. She moved in with him after a year of dating, and for a brief period she thought he might propose to her, but it all changed, especially after she started finding receipts in the trash; receipts for nice places, flowers, jewellery. Maddy was first and foremost a journalist. She prided herself on her digging skills, her unwillingness to give up. One those receipts she saw the names of her cousins' favourite restaurants, jewellery she'd seen hanging around Stacy's neck. She'd been sly about it. It made sense to Maddy. Stacy had always been a go getter, unafraid to get what she wanted no matter who she hurt in the process. Confronting Stacy about it had been hard. She truly was apologetic, Maddy could see for herself that Stacy was head over heels for Greg. She stepped to the side, it was all she could do, no use to hanging on to something that wasn't there, even if she had thought it was. Maddy lived with the pain, just like she did with everything else. For months she could barely drag herself from her bed, things weren't so vibrant anymore, she could only feel the pain and the sadness. She found herself numb more often than not, and she wondered and hoped that it had been worth it to him to hurt her in such a way. She picked herself back up again after sometime, she made her heart steel. She travelled, she saw, she did her job. She hadn't been with anyone since, hadn't let herself fall in love, Maddy had a job to do, a job that she loved desperately and she would never let anyone interfere with it again ","Summary":" I've been thinking on this one for a very long time, at least a couple of years. It took me some co"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Blood Diamond: Beyond","Author":"EkatiKati","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6827713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Jesus, I'd never ever emever /emEVER imagined myself turning into some romantic sap that writes her feelings in a journal. The kind of romantic saps I laugh at when I see them in movies, or the kind that make me gag whenever they speak in their sticky, sweet little voices./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I'm a journalist. I write about pain and suffering and then I try to find solutions to the problems I come up with. I use names, and numbers, and addresses, and facts. I have a steady head on my shoulders, and I have a brain, unlike most women nowadays./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I'm careful with my work. Everything is done with the utmost careful precision, and everything, in return, is perfect. Or as far as my work, in terms of writing and presentation, goes./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I pick and choose where I head out to. I don't just pick up and go to Africa because I think it would be fun. I saw something suspicious- a country with no diamonds shelling out two billions worth of them, while a country right next to it, full of the rocks, is coming out empty./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Something was fishy, and it wasn't the overwhelming mass of sharks./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Vital Affairs Magazine had no problem shipping me out. In fact, they were delighted, because the last time I went overseas to India, not only did we find dozens of child slaves and prostitutes, but, well, the magazine received international fame, praise, and awards. And in return, I got a raise and free reign to travel wherever I see fit, as long as it wasn't for my pure enjoyment and it bought some kind of world crisis to attention./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"And believe me, as much as an African Safari seemed positively lovely, trying to catch diamond smugglers wasn't exactly a dream vacation, if you know what I mean. But it was exciting, and it fulfilled my need for adventure, which was really all I ever asked for./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"From the second I saw him standing there across that bar, I just... he looked so...emunreal./em White, in Sierra Lione, with an such a threatening aura that you would cower from across the room. I, of course, smiled slyly and turned away./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"But as time passed and we spent it together, raiding jungles with Soloman, or talking our way out of deadly inhabitants, the more I got to see through his air of indifference, that \"I-don't-give-a-shit\" attitude that he always seemed to wear. Except of course, when he was about to pull the trigger of a gun. Then he changed a tad, from careless to downright deadly./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Danny Archer was quite the enigma. But, like I said, as time passed, his walls started becoming see through to me, and I learned to find the hidden meanings in his little episodes, and I translated what he said to what he really meant. Especially after that night at Benjamin's. Especially then, when he had told me about the tragic death of both his parents./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Boohoo right?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"It was so painfully obvious right then, that he didn't want anyone's sympathy, or any compassion, and by the look in his eye, for a moment I had thought whether or not it was because he felt he was undeserving. Nevertheless, however, I still held his hand when he began to cry./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Why he cried, I don't know why, but I suspect it was probably from how depressed he must feel after saying that God gave up on the world a long time ago. I mean, I'd probably feel dreadful if it was me in his shoes./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Archer didn't cry like a bitch though. He didn't shake and sob and wail. His eyes filled with water and then he covered them with his free hand, attempting to hide himself from me. For some incomprehensible reason, I wanted to comfort him, to take away his pain, so I took away his hand from over his eyes, and forced him to look at me, hoping to show him that it's okay to feel something other than resentment./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"We sat like that for I don't even know how long./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"When I had to leave, I remember very clearly that goddamn look on his face. He didn't want me to go, that much was obvious and although it should have made me feel all special and tingly inside, I wanted to vomit./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"You should get on that plane,\" he had told me, his lack of confidence filling his voice. Then he took me hand in both of his, and gently shook it, our awkward little hug. I refused to move and he repeated himself, even more softly than before./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I wanted to go into that jungle with him, I wanted to face those rebels together, and if he died, then I died, although it would all be so totally stupid if that happened, because mind you, this was all over a diamond./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He wouldn't come back to America with me over a goddamn rock. He was going to die over a stupid piece of pretty coal./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I never wanted to cry so much in my life. He was feet away from the plane, from safety, from a life, and he just turned away from it, from me./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I gave him all three of my numbers, getting him to promise to call, even though I knew the chances of that were slim to none. However, I didn't let that fill my mind and I focused on the positives./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Oh wait, har har, there were no positives./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I cried on the plane, but I managed to get myself together and collect my emotions in time for the dinner, just when, oh the irony, Archer happened to call./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"And I knew, it was just one of those moments, the second I heard his voice, despite the crack in it, that something was dreadfully wrong. He shouldn't be calling me so soon. His voice shouldn't sound like sandpaper. He shouldn't gasp for air halfway through saying my name, which by the way, isn't that long./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He didn't have to outright tell me, but I knew he was dying, and quickly. I fell to my knees just as he was explaining to me how Solomon has something with him, and although I didn't know what, I could just imagine it being the diamond. That would be hysterical, in that bitter sort of way. Although I could see where he would have no use of it if he was dying./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"I'm really glad I met you, Maddy,\" he told me feebly./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Stubbornly, I shook my head to myself. \"Don't you do that, Archer, don't you do that! Don't you tell me goodbye,\" I warned him, tears threatening to spill down my cheeks./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I heard him sigh painfully over the phone, and I clenched my hand around it tighter. This needed to be traced, I knew, if Archer had any chance of staying alive. Which meant I needed to hang up on him./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer? You there?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"There was silence, and I found my breathing hurry./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer!\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"emClick/em/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"This was one of those moments where I just wanted to scream \"motherfuck\" at the top of my lungs, but I didn't. Instead, there was work that needed to be done./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"My fingers moved over my contacts in a blur, and seconds later I was instructing headquarters to trace a call that I had with a \"left behind mercenary.\" My voice was rough and unsteady, but I kept that to a minimum and tried to be as calm as possible, for both mine and Archer's sakes. I wouldn't be much help if I was a sobbing mess./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Luckily, and more like, \"Thank-God-ily\" the call was traced quickly, with in a matter of minutes, and the area was quickly filling up with civilians, who were quite ignorant as to Archer's true identity and more than happy to help in the search for a left behind mercenary./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I went back to my table and told my co-workers that there was a situation(to put it midly) and that dinner would have to be put off, which thankfully, they took with grace, because I think that if they dared question my motives I would stab them with a fork./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"On my way to the airport, I got a call from our South African headquarters and I was told that Archer was found by two civilians, and he was being taken to a makeshift hospital camp in the middle of the war zone. Although the location wasn't ideal, I wasn't complaining, although the fact that they didn't know whether or not Archer would make it, of if he was even alive right now for that matter was eating away at me from the inside./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I also called Vital Affairs and settled the arrangement with Solomon, transferring another journalist to take over the article for a little while, so I could go and find Archer with out that on my back. The article would just be pushed back a month and a half, which I was perfectly alright with. I would write it from here and instead of doing all the work myself, I would just send my document to my editor and she would do the rest. She was reliable and brilliant. I knew my article was in the best hands possible./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Just because the article wouldn't be published right away, it didn't mean Van Dee Kap wasn't getting it's ass sued, or that what was happening in Sierra Leone wouldn't rise to international awareness. I didn't spend nearly half a year in Africa, in the middle of a war zone for just nothing./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I found it hard to think about that, though, for more than a few minutes, a thought-stopping panic just filling me completely. I was useless to do anything there but fidget./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"And even though I was only a few hours away from Archer, I was like a wreck on wheels. My face probably looked like an old tomato, blotched and red and the skin sagging from behind pulled due to the stress of the past few minutes./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I was absolutely terrified and I hated the feeling of it, especially the fact that Danny Archer was the one to make me feel that way. Although, honestly, I wouldn't have it any other way. I can't even describe our relationship, because I don't have any clue where it stands, and right now, that he's on the brink of dying, I should even be thinking about things like this./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"If it wasn't for the black-white-black pattern I saw, I wouldn't have any clue as to who the person between the two civilians, or should I say angels, was. He was literally behind dragged between them, his legs barely moving at all, his head resting squarely on his chest. But the blond hair and the figure I knew all too well showed, even though he was yards away, and I knew the man in the middle of them was Danny Archer./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I started running to him as quickly as I could, and he must have been awake and seen my flying legs come into view, since his head lifted ever so slightly and half closed blue eyes looked up. His clothes were caked in mud, and sweat, and the entire left side of his torso was drenched in blood that I prayed didn't belong to him, although somehow, I knew it did./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Maddy,\" he breathed./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"I told you I was coming to get you,\" I told him, and relieved one of his escorts, taking up some of his weight for myself. He was heavy, but not overly so. He was made entirely of lean muscle, held together by golden tan skin./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"We continued walking, trying to go as smoothly as possible with out any halting movements purely for Archer's sake and so his wounds wouldn't get further torn, but it was nearly impossible with the uneven and cluttered land below us. Eventually, though, we managed to make it to the set up with out any casualties./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Thank you so much,\" I told the civilian. \"You're incredible.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I began removing Archer's shirt but the doctor interrupted me, saying that I could infect Archer even more and create more problems. This frightened me, and although it pained me to leave the tent, I couldn't stand being responsible for hurting Archer even further./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor didn't take as long as I was fearing he would, and I got to see (a heavily drugged) Archer just as the moon settled into it's spot, high above us./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Before I walked in though, the doctor said, \"He'll live, if you're both careful for a while. No strenuous activity for about a year. He's lucky his lung didn't collapse. If he hadn't been helped in time, there's no question to it- he'd be dead right now. The bullet tore through his stomach.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I asked him to elaborate, resisting a shudder as I imagined those ocean eyes closing forever./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor pointed to his stomach, right in the middle of his left ribcage. \"Here's where the bullet pierced him.\" His finger moved upwards by half an inch. \"This is where his lung is.\"br /My eyes widened a little bit. That was really close. If he had been standing slightly to the right, then he would be breathing right now. He'd been so close.../p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"But he's alive. He's alive. That's all that matters./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"The bullet went deep into his stomach,\" the doctor went on. \"It tore through some nerves and veins. He lost a lot of blood.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Is that it?\" Because as if what he already has wasn't more than enough. I just wanted to be sure, though./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor gave me a soft chuckle. \"That's it.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"What'll I need to do?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Well,\" the doctor said, \"Breathing and talking is going to hurt for a while, the first few weeks. Then he should be okay to move around and speak, but no running or jumping or rock climbing or whatever it is he does.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"He's a journalist,\" I pointed out. I would have to start with my little fabrication from now so that if I was asked about his profession by a more threatening official, I could have it easily roll off my tongue./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Still, though, he managed to get shot. Try to stay away from guns for a little while,\" he suggested./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"That'll be kind of hard,\" I said. \"We're in the middle of an open fire.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor shrugged. \"The entire world's an open fire nowadays. Keep him bulletproof, if you must. Another injury will be too much for his system to handle and he could fall into cardiac arrest.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Oh,\" I said, cringing./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Keep away from any activity that requires heavy breathing. Just take it easy for a little while. You two should hit a vacation, take a few months of for him to heal.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"We'll try,\" I said. \"Thank you, doctor.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor gave me one last smile, wished me goodnight, and left, meaning Archer was all mind for the night./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He mumbled something totally loony and inaudible as I did nothing but laugh at his condition. Archer looked so utterly confused it was priceless. While I wanted to speak to him, I also wanted to him to stay like this, demented as he was, because it gave me comfort in knowing that he was numb and couldn't feel the agony of the bullet. But then, I knew how pretty soon he'd be fully alert and screaming for morphine, and I dreaded the arrival of that time./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"His eyes were closed and his breathing was slow, letting me know that he was asleep./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I threw a bunch of blankets on him, trying to keep him warm and fever-proof as I settled myself into the cot next to him. I wasn't planning on falling asleep./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I was just looking over his features, relaxed as they rested, his strong chiseled jaw line-/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"A pained groan escaped from Archer, jolting me up to my full attention. I had been dozing off, but that was no longer. Looking to the side, I saw that Archer's eyes were in fact open and rolling back into his head./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Quickly, I rested my hand on his forehead. I had no clue what to do, so I just tried to comfort myself by making me think I was being productive./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer?\" I asked, worriedly./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He moaned again, clutching his side. The wound. I didn't know whether or not I should pry his hands away, so I just said, \"Come on, Danny, don't touch it, it'll get infected.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He looked at me in understanding and removed his hands, leaving them at his side under the bundle of blankets I draped over him. He shuddered./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"You cold?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Archer nodded, shivering /He probably had a fever. His forehead was on fire. He might even have pnemonia, and it would really be a waste if he died from a stupid cold right now. I crawled under the blankets, getting next ti him, aligning my body with his. He was hard underneath me.../p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Not in that way, you perverts. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him, is what I meant. He was made up of pure muscle, shaped by the African plains and the bullet wars of Sierra Leone./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I set my arm over his stomach, feeling the smooth surface under my hand, until my fingers traced what was the edge of the bandage that held his torn skin together./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Better?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Archer didn't reply, for he was asleep./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Not that I got any of that, that night. My palm was either next to his bullet wound or over his heart, as a reminder that he was still alive and breathing. And in the dim moonlight that managed to make it's way through the slits in the wood that made up the ceiling, I was perfectly content to lay awake and memorize every little detail about his face./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Morning came quickly, and the hospital slowly began filling, not with patients, since they were all evacuated by now, but with doctors and reporters and journalists. I got out of the cot quickly, a blush filling my cheeks, until one of the doctors gave me a pointed look that said, I-know-what-you-slut-puppies-just-did, and I said, \"He has a bullet wound. I doubt he's in any condition to screw me.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor looked embarrassed and walked away, needing to go, \"fix the shades.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"The doctor from last night, who I learned was Dr. Mazi, came back and greeted me warmly./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"I take it you spent the night here?\" He gestured to my cot./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"My cheeks felt a bit hotter than they were supposed to. \"I did,\" I said. \"I had to make sure...\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He waved his hand. \"That's fine. In fact, Miss Bowen, I'm glad you did. Now, if you'll excuse me...\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I smiled at him. \"Go right ahead.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Dr. Raze moved towards Archer, still asleep, before turning around and telling me almost apologetically, \"I'm afraid some people are outside, and they want to see you.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Journalists?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Reporters,\" the doctor corrected me. If I didn't know better, I'd say he sounded ticked. Yeah, well, so was I. Someone had said something, and that something involved me, Danny, and us becoming entertainment. No./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I walked outside, before a bunch of cameras from all around me flashed./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I covered my eyes, sheilding them from the blinding light, before I looked around. A good five people stood around me, circling, with a video camera and a microphone./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Who the hell are you?\" I asked sharply, putting my hands on my waist. \"And what right do you have to be here?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"We're uh, we work for the newspaper, for the government, and we were just wondering-\" A black man, with the mike began to speak, but I cut him off, not wanting to here one word./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I took three threatening steps forward, just inches away from being in his face. \"Wondering my ass. I don't care who you are or who you work for but what's happening in here is none of your business.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"We heard that you had affiliation with Van Dee Kap-\" a man next to him said. Inwardly, I groaned. Wonderful. Now that Van Dee Kap knew what was going on, no doubt they would send folks to come and try and shoot Archer's head off before my story gets published. He'd only be safe once they were all in prison. And even then, we might need some Witness Protection. And they only way to do that was through the FBI, assuming Archer came with me to the states. Here in Africa, he wcould do whatever he wanted, but he was as good as dead. But say he came, what was I going to say? em\"Hi! I'm Maddy Bowen, you probably know about me, and this here is Danny Archer, a mercenary turned smuggler turned hero. He killed a whole bunch of people, oh, but look! He has a diamond!\" /emWhile there was no doubt that if it wasn't for Danny, Solomon and Dia would be dead, I'd be dead, a lot of people would be dead, and we wouldn't have evidence to convict Van Dee Kap, the blood on his hands was more than enough for a good long sentence in jail, unless by some miracle, we talk up a deal./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I'd really hoped things would have come to that extreme, and for a moment, I worried they did. But I didn't want to rush into any conclusions./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"What do you know about Van Dee Kap?\" I asked him. \"And what does anyone here have to do with anything?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"We think that Van Dee Kap has been using smuggled diamonds,\" he said. \"And we think that you might be able to answer a few questions so we can figure out who did it.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I let out a sigh of relief. He didn't sound suspicious at all. He just sounded like he wanted some answers, along with most of the population in this country. I mustered up a smile, and tried not to let my utter relief show. As of right now, there wasn't a price on Archer's head, as I had so been fearing. The Feds wouldn't ever have to know that Archer had been the one smuggling diamonds. Sure, Van Dee Kap might accuse him in court, but that would just show up as trying to put the blame on someone else, and it would be believable too, since Archer was the one that forked over the diamond that sent them off. As of right now, Archer was fine./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"I can, but I don't think that's a good idea,\" I said. If I answered their questions, Van Dee Kap would get their hands on whatever articles they wrote, and they would come after me before the truth about them was exposed. \"Wouldn't it be better if this was all on the down low?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"But you are writing this in a newspaper, no?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Magazine,\" I corrected. \"And that's after I get back to America, where Van Dee Kap won't be able to hurt me, and they won't be prepared for the blow.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I paused, and once a look of understanding crossed his face, I continued. \"If you publish anything about the diamonds right now, they'll ruin any evidence they have, and they'll cover up, and this entire thing will be pointless. But once I get my article out, Van Deep Kap will be shut down right away, because one of my colleagues has a diamond that we can use to convict.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"When do you think that will be?\" the man asked./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I smiled sympathetically. \"Listen, I know you need help, and my team and I are doing our very best to do that. But I'm being honest with you. The article was supposed to be out this week. But that can't happen since one of my team got injured. The article got pushed for about another month, give or take. But that doesn't mean Van Dee Kap isn't going to court. I've got facts and that's all I need for a case.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Are you sure?\" the camera man asked. He didn't doubt me, he just doubted how his fate would turn out./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Positive. Now, I don't mean to be rude, but I think you should go before you get caught up in a mess with rebels or R.U.F.,\" I suggested, raising my eyebrows towards the distance. I saw the had bought a van with them./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"We talked for a few more minutes before they thanked me, picked up, and left. I thanked God that Archer wasn't in any major trouble at the moment, but I knew that if we didn't leave what was soon to become a battle ground, both of us were as good as road kill./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"While the doctor worked on Archer, I called headquarters in South Africa and told them about my current situation, and they believed my fabrication with out a second doubt. I told them how we needed a plane right away, but luckily for me, they were fully briefed on and following the mayhem ensuing in Kono, and they had taken the liberty to send out a plane a few hours ago, and it should be reaching us any second. That relieved me greatly, because the sooner we got out of Kono and somewhere where Archer could heal with out having to worry about a bullet flying through the wall the sooner I could start breathing well again. I was informed that we would stay in a little cottage in Cape Town, more specifically right on the Cape of Good Hope, where we would have a perfect view of the Atlantic meeting the Indian. That was something I'd wanted to do since I was thirteen, and being told that we'd be spending the next few weeks in utter peace in one of the most beautiful places on the planet really made me quite excited./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I spent a few hours with a sleeping Archer, the doctor being long gone. I couldn't blame him. A few officers were sent down for security, but I wasn't holding my breath for them either. I knew that If given the chance they'd make a run for it./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"With my fingers playing with Archer's rough, but at the same time, soft short golden hair, I heard a plane descend and I began to wake Archer./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer,\" I said, shaking him gently by the shoulders, careful not to nudge his side. \"Come on, Archer, there's a plane.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He mumbled something, so I kept on going, \"It's time to get out of here.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Then, as if something inside him just snapped, his eyes flew open and he gasped, and if it wasn't for the obvious injury in his side, he probably would have jolted upright, but halfway through it he let out a short cry of pain and fell back down./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I don't think he recognized where he was, because he looked like he was about to kill someone, but then his eyes roamed over the room, roamed over emme/em, and his face relaxed, his features falling back to their natural position. Still, though, he looked shaken./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Archer?\" I asked tentatively, \"Are you alright?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Bad memory,\" he mumbled, his words sounding a bit like mush./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I knew there was more to it, but we in no place to have a conversation about anything right now, so I said, \"We're going to leave, wakey wakey, sunshine.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"He smirked at me and said, \"Of course, mummy.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"I giggled- emgiggled /emat him, and said, \"We're going to miss the plane, Archer, do you want to stay here? Because I'm sure as hell leaving.\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"No, Miss Bowen,\" he said, mockingly. \"How am I boarding the plane, then?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"As if on cue, the two guards from earlier walked in, carrying a stiff white stretcher./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Archer looked at it, and then at me, with begging eyes. \"Do I look like a genie?\"/p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Hysterical,\" Archer said sourly./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"\"Come on, Archer, just let them do their job,\" I pleaded. I could just see it now. The men holding Archer, one by his head and one by his legs, trying to maneuver him over, and then he punches one in the face./p p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"As the men moved around him and gripped him tightly, Archer's eyes darted back to the stretcher and he said, \"Fucking bullet. Goddammit, Maddy, can't I just walk?\"/p[Chapter 2] Nkosi- Oh, trust me, I won't. In fact, Fericirea's fic, Not Tourists But Travelors(LOVE LOVE LOVE) really hits the spot if you want a nice, cold Danny, which is... Danny, isn't it now? Har har. Eva, no, I do not have a beta :( I'd LIKE one, but I'm not responsible enough to work with someone right now and getting a beta would just be wasting their time. Thanks for the review, and I'm going to do a double spell check this time. Fericirea- YOU ROCK. I LOVE YOUR STORY. GETTING A REVIEW FROM YOU IS LIKE GETTING AN OSCAR. And finally, Heidiho, dearie, you motivated me! Now, on with the story... At some point in the jet, as we were flying to the southernmost point of the African continent from somewhere in the middle of it( a helpful fact in understanding the length of time I was confined to that plane would be that Africa's the largest continent in the world. And it's not like the other ones are tiny, either, if you know what I mean) Archer started writhing in his sleep. We were in the back of the plane, settled against a sack of potatoes. He doesn't know this, but after we boarded the plane I got him off of that wooden oversized paddle and pulled him close to me, covering him with blankets and securing his head in the bowl made by my criss-crossed legs. If he ever found out I was stroking his hair and keeping him warm, he would probably lunge for my throat. So until I manage to thaw up Archer's nasty tenancies, at least towards me, let's keep my shows of affection on the down low. Although, last night I had been sleeping with him. But I think that was necessary for his ultimate survival. Although I could have just laid there like a brick. I didn't. I very vividly remember exploring his chest, running my hands through his hair, tracing his features. All that seemed so far back, days, weeks ago. Not fifteen hours ago. Fifteen hours ago I crawled into a sleeping cot with Danny Archer. Twenty hours ago he was almost shot to death. Time only flies when you're not running from the hands of the clock. So far, the plane ride, much to my and Archer's advantage, was smooth, meaning that he was constantly jolted up and down, his mending flesh ripped and smacked together over and over. But at some point, Archer started writhing, as if trying to turn from the inside out. We were lying there, one of my hands against Archer's cheek, the other one on his chest when a painful moan escaped him. At first I thought it was a nightmare, but a few moans and jerks of his body later, I realized it wasn't. He wasn't shaking or convulsing, but I had a feeling that would happen if I didn't act quickly. I knew I needed to do something, I could just sit there and watch him squirm in unconsious agony in my arms, but I had no clue how to proceed. Vaguely, I remember reading something about giving a sedative of morphine to someone in Archer's condition, but any hope of some sort of medicine was left back at the doctor's tent, and that was probably blown to smithereens by now. The fact that I wouldn't be able to give anything to help Archer made me feel so useless, and it gave me physical pain. As he grunted again, his limbs still waving in his suffering, I started to panic. For all I knew, he could be going into cardiac arrest. I was no doctor, for Christ's sake. I wrote stories! They never made me undergo this in college. His beautiful face was contorted into an expression of sheer agony, and it made me sick to my core. I couldn't even imagine what he must have been going through because Archer was the strongest person I know and seeing reduced to such a state... well, if this doesn't sound too conceded, it really worried me about what would happen to me if I were to get shot. \"Shh, shh, shh,\" I began to coax, putting my hands on the sides of his face, stroking his cheeks. \"Shh...shh...come on, Danny, you'll be alright.\" I dropped my face so that I was whispering into his ear. \"You'll pull through, Danny, come on, you're so strong, you're so strong...\" He moaned again, to me unknown if it was in response to my words or if he was just hurting that much. I lifted up his shirt, searching for his wound, which wasn't too hard to find, seeing as the bandages dominated the entire left side of his stomach. Lining the patches of white was a flaming red, small veins protruding outwards like tree branches, leading me to believe with a sick realization that he had infection. Badly. In panic, I fished for my water bottle and dumped it's contents on his wound. As soon as the cool water his his burning skin, Archer let out a scream. \"How much longer?\" I called to the pilot. \"Please, hurry, he might be in real trouble.\" \"I'd say about another hour.\" Inwardly, I groaned as the pilot went on, \"But you should check the cabinet next to you. I think it might have a first aid kit.\" As gently as I could, I removed Archer from my lap and laid him flat on the ground before crawling over to the small wooden cabinet, and pulling out what looked like some sort of make shift sick kit. Fumbling, I opened it and turned it over, spilling out its contents. There were a few pills, all of them light, some hydrogen peroxide, neosporin, and burn cream. I'm sure the neosporin and the alcohol would have really been useful, but seeing as I had no clue what to do with them instead of helping Archer, I may end up killing him, so I just let them be and helped him swallow an Advil. ` The little pill had to do something, didn't it? In my lap again, his show of distress hadn't ceased but the fact that the time of reaching our destination and getting Archer some help was drawing near now was bringing me a little flicker of hope. I knew that Archer had survived the worst, and he could easily pull through this. Archer would slap death across the face if it tried to bother him now. The doctors at Kimberly told me it was a just mild infection. A mild infection, yet it made Archer act like that. Still, I hadn't voiced anything, I just sat still while they worked on re-patching him up again, and I didn't even bother to hide the delight that was brought on me when I saw Archer again. Only this time he looked a little bit less tortured than the last time I had seen him, and this time he was sleeping soundly in his wheelchair. \"He definitely can't walk for the next week or so.\" \"What happened, exactly?\" \"We think it was from the heat,\" the doctor told me. \"Remember how I said it was infected?\" I nodded, glancing at Archer's tee-shirt covered torso. \"It might have been from the heat. Or the potatoes you were next to. Or the mosquitoes. Who knows?\" I raised my eyebrows. \"Aren't you supposed to know? Isn't it your job?\" That came out harsher than it was supposed to, but I was on edge, and with good reason. The doctor didn't look offended, as if he was used to being spoken to like this on a daily basis. As a war victim doctor, he probably was, dealing with bullet wounds and then brats like me every day. \"The infection happened too long ago to diagnose. All we can do know is solve the problem, yeah?\" I shook my head. \"Like I said, you're the doctor.\" I moved to hold Archer's wheelchair. \"Thanks for helping him.\" \"It's my job.\" I looked at him earnestly. \"No, I mean it. He's...he means a lot to me. If he wasn't okay...\" I finished, uncomfortable. The doctor looked at me understandingly. \"I get it. If anything happens again, shoot me a call, will you?\" He gave me his card, which I tucked safely into my pocket. \"Will do.\" The doctor smiled once more and left, leaving me alone with Archer and two guards from our headquarters in Kimberly. From the attack on Archer, who I had said was a journalist and a mercenary, the police had put us under protection, dubbing us as potential homicide victims with knowledge valuable to R.U.F. Hey, if they wanted to put us under Witness Protection for a little while and they thought that Archer's life was at stake, I was no one to contradict them, although I had a fairly good hunch that Archer was sole killer of the Colonel and his men. But you know what? Instead of getting help and saving his own life by running to a hospital or calling me the second the bullet hit him, he stayed there with Solomon and his son, keeping them safe, all with a piece of metal lodged in his stomach and the knowing that it was going to kill him. That was pretty fucking commendable. In the bulletproof, shatterproof, federal police van, on the way to The Cape Of Good Hope, I felt at peace. Archer was alive, fast asleep, hopefully healthy this time for good. We were both safe. Solomon was going to testify against Van Dee Kaap in in a matter of a few months, after sorting everything out with my editor at Vital Affairs in Washington D.C., an event where both myself and Archer would be present. Archer testifying would be essentially crucifying the bastard, but doing that would also blow our cover and give him a few good years in the slammer. Having Solomon and the diamonds was well more than enough, and it satisfied me knowing that everything hadn't gone to waste. Archer's fingers were intertwined with mine, and I settled my head on his right shoulder, my free hand resting softly on the beat of his heart. Before I knew it, I was asleep in his arms, just like a fairy tale. Good thing that it wasn't.[Chapter 3] The Cape of Good Hope wasn't what I had expected it to be, actually. It was much, much better. It was... god. Breathtaking. If there was a heaven and I ever got to see it, it would look sort of the scene that I had the fortune to be gazing upon right now. The winds of the ocean brushed through me, following the waves and making their way around the land that clawed itself into the water, a small strip of rock laying in a fiery blue. To the right was the Atlantic, a gray, navy tone intertwining with the Indian, it's opposite, a bright turquoise tinted with the gold of the sand hundreds of feet beneath it. The creation of their coming together was a royal hue, the color of passion, of love, of fear, of joy, of pain, of happiness... of life. The kind of color you look at to give you hope. The kind of color that reminds you there's good left in the world. We were lucky enough to find ourselves a little hut that was smack in the middle of the strip where they meet, directly above the smashing waves and the mist of salt that the crash of the two oceans sent off. The sunset radiated a peaceful serenity, a soft pink lining the surface of the water, transforming into a dark indigo by the time it reached the top of the Earth. The distant sound of the shores, mixed with the booming noise of colliding waves created something akin to music, only it was more beautiful than any organ, and more soothing than any guitar. And I? I was in the midst of it all. And to top that off, I was in the midst of it all with Danny Archer. Danny Archer, who as soon as he woke up would experience the magic I was feeling for himself. Because when you're standing on rock, smack in the center of two oceans, you were in magic. Or as close to magic as anything can get. I kept on standing there, watching the tumbling of water below me off the ledge of the balcony in an inescapable gaze, almost as if I was hypnotized. I couldn't bear to turn my eyes away from it. A second I didn't completely put myself into the setting I had found myself in, a second I had lost. And believe me, when you're where I am, you're going to rather be shot in the head than move an inch. Sharks in the far off Indian were swirling about, their telltale back fins sticking up out of the water as they steadily swam, cutting through the still water. On the other side, a fish here and there flew out of the water and leaped back in, but when they did so, it was almost as if they were trying to escape the wrath that dominated the violent collision of gray waters. Archer was asleep and I was on the balcony for a time that I don't even remember, but the pink soon turned into purple and then into black and the indigo from above matched the color of the Atlantic. And as much I had wanted to stay and compare how the color of the night looked matched against the cerulean of the Indian and the black of the Atlantc, I remembered that I had a human being with me on my journey. A human being who I was attached to more than I was ready to admit. Sleeping on the kind-sized bed, Archer looked so peaceful. He looked like he was a kid. A kid who still had his innocence, a kid who hadn't shot a gun or taken a life. A kid who had a childhood. Archer wasn't any of these things, but the fact that he looked so serene and vulnerable as he slept there only made me believe even further that beneath the gore and the guts and the violence and the threats of death, Danny Archer was a good man with a good heart. That gave me hope that we could work something out together. That we could become partners. That we could get intimate. That we could fall in love, if we haven't already. And all I need to thrive on something is a little bit of hope. Since I have that, all I needed was for Archer to realize that I did and to get some of his own. I hardly doubted that would be much of a problem since we were both stuck together in this bungalow for three weeks, completely devoted to each other. Beat myself, I settled myself on the love seat and closed my eyes, drifting into a dreamless sleep, where I heard only the sounds of a wave dancing with another. That morning, Archer was awake before I was and he looked like he was hurting. Which made me wonder why he didn't call out for me, or attempt to help himself. \"Archer? Is there something wrong with you?\" \"Obviously,\" he snapped back. \"Or is the bandage on my stomach not a hint enough?\" \"Don't be a smart ass,\" I told him, filling up a cup with tap water. \"I mean, are your vocal cords properly in tact?\" \"What do you think, Doctor?\" He was such a smart ass. That mouth of his just fired on and on and on. \"I don't know, patient. You could have woken me up, you know.\" I set the cup on the marble counter tops and fished for a spoon in one of the drawers. \"I could have.\" I pulled a small metal tea spoon out and put that next to the water cup, next heading for Archer's pain medication. \"But?\" I asked, going through the bag I had bought with me. \"I didn't want to.\" \"Elaborate, please,\" I said, taking the small bottle of pills in one hand and the water and the spoon in the other. I looked over the counter to the bed, where Archer laid. I moved my hand in a circling motion, gesturing for him to speak when he didn't. \"I didn't want to, Maddy,\" he said. \"I-\" \"Don't worry about waking me up next time,\" I assured him, placing the water on the bedside table. He rolled his eyes. \"Now why would I worry about that?\" I shrugged. \"I don't know, maybe because-\" \"No, Maddy,\" he said, looking up at me. \"It wasn't just that.\" His tone changed. He grew more serious, as if he was thinking, although the stutter told me he was unsure. \"I, uh, it just...it sounds so...peaceful, you know? I've heard water, but I've never heard this. I didn't want to ruin it.\" You know what? You can call him a pussy, but Archer is a tough guy. When I say tough, I mean he's the kind of guy that up until a few weeks ago would rip the skin off your face, barbeque it, feed it to cannibals, and then not think twice. That kind of tough. So Archer being honest and telling me the reason why he laid awake in bed doing nothing but listening to the sound of the sea, in my eyes he was opening up his soul to me, something I'm assuming he'd never done to anyone besides his (dead) parents. This was progress. This was good. \"It's uh,\" my voice caught. I cleared my throat. \"It's time to take your pill.\" \"Maddy,\" he whined. \"I don't want to swallow anything.\" I placed the little pill in the middle of the water-filled spoon and crushed it with my index finger. \"Come on, you have to.\" He grimaced at it. \"I'm not going to swallow that. That's just disgusting. Give me the pill if you must. But I will not swallow that.\" I let out a huff. \"Why?\" \"Because it tastes disgusting.\" Archer clamped his mouth shut. \"I'm going to play that choo-choo train thing that you do with two year olds. Is that what you want? Do you want to be a two year old?\" I teased him, but in all honesty, I was getting annoyed. For Christ's sake, the man was a seasoned soldier! He'd probably clawed bullets out with his hands from his body. And now he wasn't swallowing some medicine? Archer stared at me impassively. \"I'm not leaving until you take your medication. We're not having a repeat of yesterday.\" \"I will not -\" I seized the moment, and shoved the spoon right into his open mouth. Oh well. You know what they say, Carpe Diem. He gagged profusely and spit out, nothing but his saliva. That means he'd swallowed it and it was in his stomach, which, I know this sounds selfish, but it made me feel better because it gave me the impression that not only was I making myself useful, but I had a hand in Archer's speedy recovery. \"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck,\" he spat. \" Fuck, fuck, fuck.\" He wiped his hands across his mouth, as if attempting to clear it. I handed him the cup of water, which he took with out even looking or acknowledging me, as if it just magically flew into the air. \"Slow sips,\" I said, but it was too late. Sometimes, Archer was an idiot. Because his lung nearly fell and when your lungs do that, you can't go shoving gallons of water down your throat. The water came spewing out as he clutched his chest, doubling over from the effort of his heaving breaths. I didn't want to pound his back, because of all that his torse had been through, but as his gasps increased I was getting more and more frightened. That was the final straw, when his hands moved to hold on to where the bullet hit. Quickly, before I could talk myself out of it, I wacked his back. Some water shot out of his mouth, but he calmed down instantly. His coughing stopped. He just moved back and rested his head on the back of the headboard. \"You scared me,\" I admitted, relieved. \"Oh God, you can't do things like that.\" Archer looked at me and smirked. \"Never, Maddy.\" \"You smart ass,\" I groaned, and then I smiled wickedly. \"But I love it.\" Anakin chuckled, although his brow furrowed and he looked at me strangely. \"What?\" I asked. \"Did I say something?\" Maybe the smart ass comment was a little bit too much, but still. I always joked around like that with my friends- wasn't it great progress that I could actually call us friends now? Although, in all honesty, I'm not denying that it would be a freaking dream come true if we ended up becoming more than that. \"No,\" he said, shaking his head, with a scoff. \"As long as you don't love me.\" ","Summary":" p style=\"font-family: Times; font-size: medium;\"Jesus, I'd never ever emever /emEVER imagined mys"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Goosebumps: Broken","Author":"ariellewilson730","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13241778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Read up to chapter 11: Vampire Village before reading this. The sun shined through my bedroom window at seven a.m. in the morning, the bright light hitting my eyes as I opened them. Slowly, I got out of my bed, making my way to my clothes for school that I previously picked out by myself last night. I slipped off my pajamas and slipped on my fresh clothes for the day, then walked out of my room, walking across the dark hallway towards the staircase. I never like how quite it was when I'm the first one awake. In fact, I always wake up first for school because Travis is already at school and my god parents are still in bed, so I had to learn to wake myself up. The wooden floor boards creaked with each step I took. The house is kinda old and it groans and creaks every now and then, which also makes me nervous cause I don't want Jeff and Kelly to wake up. I know what will happen if I did... By the time I got to the steps, I made my way downstairs to the kitchen. Since Travis never leaves me anything to eat and with me getting up with my god parents still sleeping, I had to find breakfast myself. Usually, I'll make toast or take anything from the fridge. Today, I chose to eat a banana for breakfast this morning. And that's what I did. I grabbed one of the bananas from the fruit basket that was on the table and sat down at the chair. I really don't want to go to school. I just don't... but I have to go. I have no choice. After I finished eating, I threw the peel away, going over to the living room. I grabbed my bookbag as well as a book. A Goosebumps Horrorland book titled When The Ghost Dog Howls . I held the book in my hand as I walked out the door and went over to where I wait for the bus, which is right outside house. Also, the bus that I go on comes around at eight o'clock, so I always make sure I catch it, not wanting to miss it, even though I wanted to. I hate going to school. A lot of my classmates love school, but for me... I hate that place. It's the same as home. By the time eight rolled around, the bus tires squealed to a stop, the doors flinging open where my bus driver came into view, sitting on the driver's seat with a smile on his face. \"Hello, Hazel,\" he greeted warmly. \"How's your morning?\" he asked. \"Good...\" I answered, gripping the book in my hand as I carefully climbed the steps to get on the yellow bus. \"You need help?\" he offered. I shook my head. \"No, thank you,\" I replied. Once, I got on the bus, I look for seat which is on the first one on the right side of the bus. It's basically my seat and no one ever sat next to me. I sat at my seat, setting my backpack near the aisle of the bus. I leaned against the seat, listening to the bus doors close before driving away from my house to the school. I opened my book to the chapter I was on last night since I had to go to bed. It was noisy on the bus since it was crowded with people of all ages from kindergarteners to fourth graders. I'm a kindergartener and a good reader who reads chapter books then the other kids in my class. My real parents taught me how to read when I was three. As I was reading, my backpack started to move. At first I thought it was sliding towards the floor, but when I reached to grab it, it was pulled by one of the girls across from me. \"Give that back,\" I said, holding the book to the page I was at while reaching for my backpack, scooting over to the edge of the seat. \"Come on, this isn't funny,\" I whined. \"Yes, it is,\" the blonde girl giggled, the one who has my backpack on her lap. Her friend giggled, too. \"Come on, Hazy,\" she teased. \"Get up from the seat and take it. We won't tell on the driver...\" She had a sly grin on her face. \"Fat chance,\" I retorted, not believing a word she is saying. The first girl put her hand on her chest, acting very shocked. \"Hazel, we promise not tell on you,\" she replied in a sweet tone of voice. \"All you have to do is...\" She lifted my backpack. \"...get it over there.\" She tossed my backpack to where the third and fourth graders are at. I stared at it, then look at the two girls. \"Go on,\" she gestured. \"Go get your backpack.\" I checked to make sure the driver isn't looking at the large view mirror. Then, I slowly began to stand up, took one step, and... \"Hazel's standing on the bus!\" the second girl tattled at the bus driver. She pointed at me when the driver looked at the view mirror. \"She's standing on the bus,\" she repeated. \"We told her not to stand, but she did it anyway.\" \"Lier!\" I cried. \"Don't lie!\" \"Why would I be lying?\" she questioned with a hateful look. \"You're standing. Look.\" She pointed at me. Before I can even say anything, the driver spoke up. \"Sit down, Hazel,\" he ordered firmly. \"But-\" I started to protest. \"Sit down,\" the driver repeated. \"You can get your backpack when we get to the school,\" he told me. The girl gave me a smug smile as I sat back down at my seat and went back to reading, tears forming in my eyes. I should've known... this happens almost everyday. Why is everyone so mean to me? I didn't do anything to them. So... why do they hate me? Is it because I'm smarter then them? I sighed. I remember kids would come up to me and asked me to be their friend. Of course I said yes, and to realize that they would just use me for certain things, then tell me to scram. Even screaming in my face. By the time we reached the school, the bus doors opened. I waited for everyone to get off before I went to get my backpack. Once, everyone was off the bus, I made my way to my backpack. I picked it up, zipped it open, and stuff my book in there. I then zipped it shut, putting the backpack on me, and walked towards the bus steps. I stared at the school building, my stomach filled with butterflies. I began to feel sick and I wanted to throw up, but I couldn't. I was very nervous that I thought about skipping school. Only, I'll get in big trouble for that, so I got off the bus. \"Have a good day at a school.\" The driver closed the bus doors and drove away. I wish... I thought. With a sigh, I trudged my way to the building, where my teacher is waiting for me. \"Hello, Hazel,\" she greeted warmly. \"Hi...\" I greeted back. At least she never hates me. \"It's nice to see you again.\" You see me everyday, why keep on saying that? \"Why don't you sit down.\" Her smile never left her face. \"You got your book, right?\" she asked me. I nodded. \"...yeah...\" I responded, going over to my desk, setting my backpack next to me. \"Excellent,\" she exclaimed. \"Okay, class, take out your books and start your morning reading,\" she announced. Everyone complained, but I didn't. Besides, what's wrong with crack opening a book every then and now. While everyone was reading picture books, I went back to my book. And while I was reading, I guess I answered my questions on why everyone hated me. It's because I'm smarter then they are, so they're green with envy. However, I never like reading at my desk. I don't want anyone making fun of me of the book I'm reading. Feeling like that's what they're gonna do, I raised my hand. My teacher noticed. \"Yes, Hazel?\" she said. \"Can I read over there?\" I pointed at several beanbag chairs by the left corner. \"Yes, you may,\" she allowed, giving me permission. Getting up from my desk, I went over to the beanbag chairs, laying down on one, and went back to my book, reading every single word and not skipping any. By the time morning reading is done, the lessons began. Everyone seemed very happy, acting very behaved around the teacher. And when she had her back turned, they'll whap me on the back of my head or throw crumbled up paper we use for drawing. I never told the teacher. Never. If I do, it'll get even worse. Not only that they hate me, they make fun of me and bully me. Just like the two girls on the bus, which surprisingly have my teacher and my classmates. There are times where I didn't pay attention to the lessons the teacher is...well... teaching us. Of course, everyone in class seemed to enjoy them. But, in reality they don't like it. I'm basically the only one who enjoys the lessons. Besides, these lessons are easy. How come they love school, but not like the lessons? Oh... now I know why... They love school because I'm here. I'm like a... toy to them, except for taking car of it, they break it into pieces, just like my heart... I did tiny sigh. Why can't I go to a different school? I thought. I sat there, waiting for the home bell to ring. It took hours and it was very slow, but the home bell finally rang. Everyone grabbed their backpacks, heading to the door. I, too, grabbed my backpack, putting it on with the book that I finished in my hands. \"Goodbye, Hazel,\" my teacher said to me. \"Bye...\" I waved. I walked out of the classroom to the front door. I stepped out of the building, walking to my bus which is the last bus at the end, when I was suddenly pinned on the building by a boy, dropping the book next to me. \"Look who we have here,\" he declared. I look at everyone's dump and stupid sneers on their faces. I sighed. I wanted this to be over with. \"What's the matter, ugly girl?\" the boy taunted. \"You gonna cry?\" I looked away from them. \"Aw, I think she wants to cry,\" he told his friends, pretending to feel sorry for me. \"Uh oh,\" one of the other boys let out. \"What?\" the first boy questioned. \"Principal,\" the girl exclaimed. \"Run!\" The boy released me as they all ran to their bus and I ended up sitting on the ground, looking down when I felt the principal kneeling next to me. \"What are you still doing here, Hazel?\" he asked me. I shrugged and didn't answer. Clearly, he didn't see what happened, and if I told him about what's going on in the classroom, things would get ugly. \"Do you want to go home...?\" Again, I didn't answer, keeping my eyes on the ground. \"Do you want me to take you to your bus?\" he offered kindly. I thought about it and shook my head. \"Are you sure...?\" I nodded my head, lowering it even more. He sighed. \"Okay...\" He stood up. \"Have a nice evening. I'll see you tomorrow.\" After that, I heard his footsteps walk away from me as he went to his car. Getting up, I picked up my book off the ground, brushing the dirt that might of got on the cover, then headed to my bus, and got on it in time. The bus doors closed and the driver took us home, with me being the first one drop off since I'm always the last person to be picked up. When I got home, I entered the house, setting my backpack down and took my shoes off. I then put my book on the bookshelf, and was about to go upstairs when I spotted Travis sitting on the couch. I'd forgotten that he comes home before me. Please don't see me... please don't see me, I prayed. Only, it was too late. He saw me with the corner of his eye and, with a cool manner, he got up from the couch and walked over to me, blocking my way. I let out a soft sigh. \"Where are you going?\" he asked with his signature smirk. \"...room...\" I barely whispered. \"Why? Don't you want some dinner?\" He pointed at the kitchen, his smirk not leaving his face. Remembering the time he ambushed me with homemade pudding, I shook my head and declined. \"Aw, come on. Mom and dad won't be home until later tonight,\" he told me. I stood there not looking at my god brother. I was afraid of him, really afraid of him. It's not from his smirk that makes me nervous. It was his appearance that scares me. Plus, I wanted to get away from him so badly. \"I just want to go to my room...\" He shrugged. \"Suit yourself.\" He stepped out of the way. I began to head for the stairs when I suddenly fell on the floor. \"Oops,\" he slipped out, feeling no sorrow once so ever. As I picked myself off the floor, I saw that he had trip me on purpose. \"Sorry about that, Hazel.\" He then laughed, not feeling sorry at all. However, he wasn't done yet... I began to head up the stairs to my room, and when I got there, I shut the door, heading to my bed. My bed isn't very comfortable, at all. It has some softness here and there, but for the most part, it was a hard mattress. While I layed there, my mind began thinking. I began to think about myself. No one likes me, at all. One of the reason is because I'm...useless...worthless...and... nothing. I'm nothing, because I am nothing. I closed my eyes, waiting for sleep to come, wishing for the next day to come already. And while I waited, my mind still kept on thinking on why people treated me so differently, and when sleep came, I, well, went to sleep... Suddenly, I was grabbed by the ankle, being dragged out of bed, landing harshly on the floor on my side, my back towards the bed. I didn't have time to react when I felt sharp pain around my body, grunting with each sting I received on my vulnerable areas, even adding screams, too. It felt like forever, but the painful slaps stopped. I began whimpering, my hands covering my eyes as my body shook, feeling sore all over the place. I can feel the bruises starting to form on spots where I slapped. Slowly, I uncovered my eyes to see Jeff kneeling in front of me with an angry look on his face, his black, leather strap in right hand. The one that he always uses on me. He chest heaved up and down, teeth gritted tightly together, his body tensed. He raised his leather strap and continued to beat me. \" OW! \" I screamed in pain. \"What did I do?!\" I cried, wanting the torture to be over with. He didn't answer and just kept on smacking me with his weapon of choice. Once, he finished the second round, his deadly eyes locked on mine. I didn't move a single inch as he kept sending me that evil look. I was panting, sweat forming all over my forehead. After attacking my eyes, he left the room without a word. I layed on the floor and burst out crying, half of my body of the doorway while the other half is being cover in darkness. That's when I heard footsteps coming. I whimpered, fearing it was my god father. Except they stop and I glanced at the door and saw him. My dreaded god brother. He was leaning against the doorframe, unpeeling a banana. He took a bite and chewed all while smirking at me. He swallowed then opened his mouth, but not to take another bite. He spoke. \"That'll teach you not to come into my room and purposely break my window,\" he announced. My opened my mouth turned into a slight gape, not knowing what he was talking about. And once he caught my reaction, he laughed, grabbed the doorknob, and shut the door, the room getting totally dark. Wanting to get to my bed, I turned and began looking for the mattress in the pitch darkness, dragging myself on the floor. When I found it, I placed my hands on it. I lifted myself up and grunted in pain, tears streaming down my face. I don't want Jeff to come and hit me for the third round. By the time I got onto the bed, I carefully layed down, my body thumping with pain, and began to wonder why I got beaten. Then, I remembered. Travis told one of his frauds to Jeff in order for him to beat me. That's what he meant when he said that'll teach me not to 'go into his room and purposely break his window'. But... I didn't do anything... I stayed on the bed, waiting for the next day to come, so the whole cycle can repeat again. Just like it does everyday. I closed my eyes, going to sleep, waiting. This what I do everyday. I sleep. I get away from everything by sleeping. And that's how I like it. ","Summary":" Note: Read up to chapter 11: Vampire Village before reading this. The sun shined through my bedroom"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Psychoanalysis","Author":"StarfallGalaxy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13098187","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: After the movies, I own nothing except my OCs and their names aren't mine, it showed up in Goosebumps first. I always used to think that the best part of being a psychiatrist was talking to people. To talk to them and see those tiny little snapshots of their lives, you know? To know their thoughts, feelings. To experience love, pain, regret, sadness, joy, excitement all through their eyes . I loved to perceive the world as they see wheels of the mind, the switches of a decision, the machine fuel by the coals of memories. Choices. Good or bad. Right or wrong. Black or white. Then I get kidnapped by this guy, to speak to his niece, to 'find out what's wrong with her'. I can hardly believe that Rachel is related to him. She's so nice and sweet, unfortunate she had to get kidnapped, too. Her uncle, on the other hand... Gray. I don't know whether or not to call him his fake name, Ricky, or his real name. 'Slappy' is such an odd name but as he is a monster toy... I suppose it's not so odd . After all, I did read about him when I was little. Ironically, he used to be my favorite. Trying to psychoanalyze him is like jumping off the Empire State building and expecting to fly, it's crazy! He doesn't have a reason, he's a creation, created to be this way and yet I- And yet I can't help but wonder if there's more to it than just that, more to him I suppose, besides keeping Rachel sane, I stay here. My job is done, Slappy set me free. Yet I can't help but want to know what made this happen. Why is he 'evil'? Why did he kidnap Rachel? Why, if he does not care about her well-being, did he send for me? Why me? Did it have to do with me sharing one of his protagonist's names? I wish he would speak to me. To talk to me, for any purpose except for teasing and taunting me. I can see a hurt in his eyes sometimes like he's in such pain but then it's gone as cruelty takes over. I can't say for sure if I care for him. He did try to harm me once, after all. On the other hand, he's saved my life twice. No one has risked themselves for me before. I've never had the pleasure of experiencing that and yet one of the most arrogant of characters has given me this gesture. I suppose that's what makes him real, isn't it? It scares me a little that a word like 'real' effects him so much. To have that one word dangle you off a side of a cliff as the rest of the world disregards your very existence. To be 'real' and yet 'make-believe'. Make-believe... is that why he hates his creator, R.L. Stine, so much? Did the author not regard him as real? What could he do to scar someone like Slappy so much? Maybe. It was a betrayal of some sort. Dr. Amy Kramer, that's what he called me once, a long time ago. Yet now, he scarcely uses my name. 'Ames' seems to be his preferred way of calling me as if I was his pet dog. What was his method for seeking me out? What logic was behind it? What made him come to the conclusion he needed Rachel? What made him seek a psychiatrist out? All can ask for him right now is that he speaks to me one of these days. That he opens up and tells me his true origins before he burns to death inside. Before me and Rachel go with him. Before they find us and take Rachel back... They will, I can feel it. Slappy can only keep it up for so long before her parents find him. I worry about that day. The two of them have grown so attached to each other that I'm sure it's not Stockholm syndrome. What will he do, I wonder? Until that happens, I will be here for them, I suppose. Standing in the background as he pretends not to be interested in his niece's activities, sneakily stealing glances at her coloring book. I will stand here until he calls me over to ridicule me again, to say what I've done wrong. Until the day Slappy is broken all over again. Until the sad day I see his family be torn apart. ","Summary":" A/N: After the movies, I own nothing except my OCs and their names aren't mine, it showed up in Goo"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"What happened to Hannah","Author":"sonicking2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11957232","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Beginning He missed the time of back when he was rather anonymous in this town. Not because he missed the peace and quiet that came with it, though in truth he kinda did just a bit. Nor because he missed the strange glances and the whispers of the \"creepy Mr. Shivers\", though he did get a kick out of freaking out the adults here the way he used to with the young readers of his books. No, the thing he missed most about that time was something that was here then but wasn't here now. This house, which was rather quiet before, now was too quiet. While it was sparsely furnished before, now it seemed much too empty, much like his life. In a way, the bookshelf he was staring at now was a reflection of his life. A week ago, it was filled with hard-bound books. To an outside observer they would have appeared to be original manuscripts of stories from the Goosebumps series, each one mysteriously sealed by a locked metal clasp. However, until a week ago only he, the one who wrote those books, and his daughter Hannah knew what they really were: prisons. Each one held the dangerous creatures he'd wrote about in that book, keeping it (or them, in some cases) from escaping into the real world and hurting countless people in their unrestrained rampage. That was a week ago, however, back before a dumb kid, whom his daughter had taken a fancy to, and the kid's even more brain-dead friend broke into his home and unlocked one of those books. Now all of them are gone, stolen by his most malevolent creation of all: Slappy, the living and homicidal ventriloquist dummy. He stole them from his home, released the monsters within, then he burned them all to prevent them from being confined ever again. In their place, looking rather lonely on those shelves, was a single book. One story he'd written (with a little help from the kid who started this whole mess) to catch them all once again. Now this one book contains every single creature he ever wrote into dangerous life locked away in its pages. All of them, including the only one he would do almost anything to set free once again: his beloved daughter Hannah. Whereas before he avoided his locked books like the plague, he now felt a terrible temptation to unlock and open this single book. Even though she had been the creation of his vivid imagination, much like Slappy and his dangerous kin, Hannah had been real enough to him. Not only did he miss her terribly, but also he feared what torments Slappy and the others might be cooking up for her in in revenge for his locking them all up in there together. The only problem with that was that if he gave into that temptation, if he opened that book and let Hannah out, then Slappy and his friends would be released as well, and they would surely turn on him to ensure that he could never lock them up again. If it were just him at risk then he would have taken that trade: his life for Hannah's. However, he couldn't trust Slappy or the others to not turn on Hannah immediately afterwards. And even if they did leave her alone, they would still go and decimate the town once again, hurting and/or killing everyone including that kid Zach (and Hannah wouldn't think kindly of him for that.) Looking at the lone book on that shelf, imagining what was happening to his daughter inside it, what Slappy and the other similarly trapped creations of his were doing to her while he was unable to do much to prevent it, was pure torture in and of itself, and yet he felt himself unable to look away and leave his Hannah to whatever fate's befalling her. He sighed and glanced over at his typewriter, sitting on the nearby table. The school had been closed since the incident, giving them some time to put into place some repairs to the damages caused to it by his monsters. Just thinking of that reminded him of the fact that the one who was responsible for what happened to his daughter, as well to the town in general, was in fact him. He was the one that wrote the monsters into existence. He left the key to unlock the books out in the open under a glass display case, practically begging for someone to use it. He was the one who lied to the officers who investigated the report that kid Zach had filed about his argument with Hannah, making the kid look like a lying punk and prompting him to investigate whether or not Hannah was okay on his own, leading to this mess coming to come to pass in the first place. He was the one who was really responsible, not Zach. It was for that reason that he chose to accept the school's rather surprising offer for him to fill in for the English teacher while he recovered from wounds inflicted by a giant praying mantis (again, his fault). It was the least he could do to atone for the troubles he inflicted upon these people, to assuage himself a bit of his guilt over what Hannah was going through now because of him. At least this would give him the opportunity to return his typewriter to the display case at the school, never to be used ever again. Why did he have to go and create so many stories containing such viscous and dangerous monsters? Why did he keep those stories up on a bookshelf that was open for anyone to get to, rather than in a secure vault that nobody could get into (and nothing could get out of.) Worst of all, why did he feature his worst creations in multiple stories, giving them even more possible places to escape from...? His train of thought sputtered and slowed as the seed of a thought took root in his mind and began to grow and bloom. It was a crazy idea, and dangerous to boot, but he couldn't shake it even if he wanted to. \"Multiple stories,\" he muttered thoughtfully to himself as he stroked his chin and looked back and forth between the book and his typewriter, \"Is it possible?\" Could he create a new story that would allow his daughter, and only his daughter, to escape back into the real world? Of course he'd have to play by the rules of the magic governing these tomes. That means Hannah would likely have to live through what terrifying story he'd write for her in before she could escape from it. Also, since she had been written as believing that she was real, only recently discovering otherwise, he figured that Hannah wouldn't care for him to suddenly start pulling her strings now, to rob her of her free will by writing a story she'd have to follow to the letter. That posed quite the conundrum until he remembered an interesting format that he wrote a few stories in some time ago, back when interactivity in media was a big thing, and when books actually tried to compete with video games for the attentions of the youth. Panting feverishly as he stuffed a stack of papers into his slinged arm, he rushed over to his typewriter and plopped down into the seat before it. Then he set the stack beside it, inserting the top most sheet inside the carriage, and adjusted himself so he could type with his one good hand before he began, \" Chapter One. The night was dark and the air was crisp when Hannah came to. The last thing she remembered was telling Zach that it was okay, that he could let her go. Then she saw his grief stricken face fall far away as she was sucked into the book along with the rest of her father's creations. Of course she didn't know what to expect to see when she awoke: a featureless white void? A recreation of the woods surrounding the school where they made the last stand against Slappy and his forces? Or perhaps nothing at all, just the sensation that she couldn't move or speak, like a fly trapped in amber. Well, she certainly seemed to be in some woods all right, but she didn't recognize this area at all. That lack of recognition made this place all the more terrifying. Of course it didn't help knowing that somewhere, hidden in the shadows of the trees around her, lurked her father's other creations, all of whom would love nothing more than to get their revenge on her dad through her. \" As Hanna looked around and tried to get her bearings, she also tried to see if any of the monsters that got also pulled in here with her were nearby, possibly heading her way. Thankfully, however, she seemed to be alone. Of course she knew full well that they were around here somewhere, as they all got pulled into the same book, but at least for the moment she seemed to have this part of the forest to herself. Monsters, Hanna thought to herself, Technically I'm a monster too. Just a product of Dad's creative mind, just like them. Hanna felt a depression settle over her, threatening to root her in place until she shook her head vigorously as she amended, Except I would never try to hurt Dad! Even when I was the maddest I've even been at him, and we did have our share of fights, I would never, could never do to him the kind of things Slappy and his friends did, what they tried to do. Slappy has no right to call him \"Dad\"! He doesn't love Dad the way I do, wouldn't make the sacrifices I made. They're merely his creations, I'm the one who's truly his daughter. Hanna began to wonder if these woods truly were the woods near their home and the school, that perhaps she simply didn't recognize them. After all, this world was created by her father, and the places in his stories were almost always scarier than such places in the real world could possibly be. It could be that those creative alterations simply made them look different enough that she didn't recognize where she was. That knowledge didn't make her pounding heart slow any, however. Hanna looked up towards the skies to see if she could recognize the stars from anywhere she had been in their many moves. However, she found to her regret that the sky was heavily overcast. Of course it would be. This is Dad's book after all, Hanna berated herself , A bright, star-lit sky doesn't make for as much of a spooky atmosphere. Hanna realized that that even if she did happen to see the stars overhead, it wasn't like she could use them to find her way anywhere anyway. Of all the things that that she'd learned from her dad in their homeschooling sessions, and she'd learned a lot, astronavigation wasn't among the things he'd taught her. Yeah, because teaching me to find my way when I'm on my own would bee too much like making me independent, and if I was ever let out of his sight then I might have found out what I really am that much sooner! Hannah thought bitterly to herself, then she shook her head harder and viciously berated herself , Stop it! We've been over this! We can't let this place get to us, to change who we are. Dad loves us, we love him. That's all there is to it. It's not Dad's fault that we're trapped here. We made the decision to let us get pulled into the book to ensure that it can be closed, in order to keep Dad and Zach safe. And I'm sure that Dad could have written a proper ending, one that didn't result in us getting pulled in here with Dad's other creations, if he just had a little more time, if his fingers hadn't gotten broken at the last minute by… \"Well, well, well! What do we have here?\" Hannah heard an echoing voice say from somewhere behind her, causing her heartrate to go exponentially faster. She could count on one hand the number of times she'd heard it, but she could still recognize it anywhere, and even though she knew it was just a matter of time before she'd heard it again it was still the last voice she wanted to hear in this place. Hannah spun around to find where Slappy was, but she could see no sign of him as he spoke once more from behind her, even closer this time, saying, \"If it isn't Little Red Riding Hannah, all lost and alone in the woods. What brings a sweet little girl like you here, where all of us rejected by Father were banished?\" Hannah spun once again, and she thought she'd caught a glimpse of the creepy dummy, but before she could focus on him clearly he was gone again as if he was never there. \"I suppose that doesn't really matter,\" Hanna heard Slappy say from behind her once more, now sounding close enough for her to grab him if only she were facing the right way, \"The fact is that you are here, and you can pay for Father's sins in his stead.\" Hanna turned once again to try spot Slappy, only to once again find no one there. As her heart threatened to beat its way out of her chest Hanna felt someone behind her, prompting her to turn one more time, and she found Slappy practically in her face as he stood on a fallen log as he said, \"In the end, that's all that really counts.\" As fear rooted her in place, Hannah saw the knife in Slappy's hand, the dull light filtering through the clouds making its edge gleam and shimmer. Then, as the moon found a break in the clouds, the blade of the knife shown much more brightly as Slappy swung it swiftly across her chest. Hanna braced herself for the pain of the knife biting into her flesh. Would it burn, like she'd read in one of the books written by other authors she'd come across on one of the secret excursions she'd made when her restlessness got the better of her? Would the pain be crippling, preventing her from moving or even crying out? Or had she already gone into shock, her body too far gone to register the damage from Slappy's attack? While she did indeed feel something, however, it wasn't any of the sensations of pain that she'd associated in her mind with such a wound. Furthermore, though she should have been losing strength rather quickly along with the loss of blood, she felt as fine as she ever was. When she got the courage to down, rather than seeing a pool of red spreading out in front of her she saw instead the air before her filled with bright sparkles of light like tiny stars, much like she saw when she was being pulled into Dad's book. Before she could get a better look at where they were coming from, the Moon hid behind the clouds again, and the sparkly lights vanished along with it. Hannah felt her chest for where the wound was, but she couldn't even find the slightest tear in her clothes beyond what had been there back in the real world Her mind reeling, Hannah looked back at Slappy, who looked as shocked as she felt. Then Slappy's head snapped back as he laughed loudly, and Hanna felt this reaction to be even more terrifying than his attack had been. Still rooted in place, she could do nothing as the dummy's peals of laughter echoed in the forest around her. Then, as his laughter died down, Slappy rubbed his eyes as if clearing tears of mirth from them as he said, \"Of course! I should have realized it sooner. That's the only way that you could be here. Forgive me, dear sister, for treating you as an enemy when I should have been welcoming you as my kin.\" This should have been good news to Hannah, as it sounded as though Slappy wasn't going to be trying to kill her again. However, hearing this evil puppet calling her \"sister\" just made her feel unclean, ending any impulse she might have had in playing along. \"I'm nothing like you,\" Hanna practically growled at him. \"Of course you are,\" Slappy said with that same creepy, wooden smile, \"If you were human then you wouldn't be stuck in here with the rest of us, but you're not. You're just another monster like me, like the rest of our friends here: another product of Stine's twisted imagination, created when he needed you and thrown away when you became too big a bother for him.\" \"No, you're wrong!\" Hannah yelled at him as her legs slowly took her backwards away from him one step, then another, and she jabbed her trembling finger towards him as she continued, \"Dad loves me! He raised me, took care of me! He didn't lock me in the pages of a book like he did all you monsters!\" Slappy spread his arms wide, and Hannah idly notices that he no longer had the knife on him as he looked around him and said, \"Then why are you now in here with us? Wake up and smell the ink and brimstone, kid! Probably the only reason you weren't locked up before now was because you were too strong for him to contain then. He had to brainwash you into sticking around in here voluntarily.\" \"No! It's your fault!\" Hannah bellowed back defiantly, \"You stopped him from finishing the book himself! Zach had to write the ending in Dad's stead, and he didn't know how….he couldn't…\" \"There, there kid. It's all right,\" Slappy said assuringly, though it sent chills down her spine rather than making her feel better, \"I once thought Dad cared about me too, until the day he sealed my book tight. It may take some time, but I know eventually you'll come to see things my way.\" \"No,\" Hanna told him, but her voice had lost its heat, and the tapestry Slappy's words were weaving in her mind robbed her of a more articulate response. \"On the bright side of things, if you are indeed too strong for him to contain, then you could break out of here whenever you want,\" Slappy told her cheerfully, \"You could free all of us as well, and we can taste the sweet air of freedom together, the whole world our oyster.\" \"No,\" Hannah said again, but to her horror she could see herself doing exactly as Slappy was describing: releasing the monsters from this book deliberately and voluntarily, of her own free will, and leading them on a conquest of the Earth. \"And once we root him out of whatever rock he's chosen to hide under, you can choose how Dad meets his end,\" Slappy said as he held out his hand in a show of companionship, \"I'll even let you do the deed yourself, and that's not an honor that I would give to just any…\" \"No!\" Hannah roared as she rushed Slappy, knocking him backwards off his perch with a single blow, \"I'll never help you hurt him!\" Then she spun and sped the opposite direction into the thicket. As she ran she strained her ears, expecting to hear him racing after her. However she heard no sounds of pursuit, only his voice calling after her, \"You can run from me, but not the truth! We're more alike than you know, and in time you will stand by my side!\" Never, Hanna thought once again. However, when moonlight touched her once again through a small break in the clouds, Hannah saw with shock her arm glow brightly and become translucent, and the seeds of doubt entered her heart as she thought, Just what kind of monster am I? ","Summary":" The Beginning He missed the time of back when he was rather anonymous in this town. Not because he "},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Creepypasta (Creepypasta Saga, 1)","Author":"Adrian Johnson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11784514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PART ONE: GETTING AN UNEXPECTED PACKAGE It was an autumn afternoon, in a cold breeze, blowing dead leaves into the distance. Little boys and girls were playing in piles of them, throwing them up in the air. Some people weren't interested in going out in the cold. Most teenagers were at school, getting ready to leave, to go home to do whatever they need to do. The others, adults, went on shopping or going to work at their jobs. And I'm at school, just like I explained about teens being at school. I'm currently at my locker right now, loading my backpack with whatever I needed, especially my textbooks. I don't really like school much, but hey, I'm just trying to get a good career in college. As I slammed my locker closed, carrying my backpack over my right shoulder, I heard booming footsteps come near me. I turn my head around, and tried to run. I didn't look back, but I know who it was. Jack Nielson, or what people call him, Big Jack. He's the toughest and meanest kid at school. He's twice the size of about 75% of the kids at school. Nobody would dare go near him, or talk rumors about him. One time, a friend of mine, Ryan King got his ankles broken for calling Big Jack \"a fat good-for-nothing loser\". So tragic, but that's not the point I'm getting to. I was being chased by him. I decided to look back while running, seeing nobody but a few kids, staring at me, in horror. \"What?\" I said, but the kids just ran away with their stuff. I realized they weren't staring at me. They were staring at something behind me. That made me too afraid to turn around, but I needed to know if he was. I turned my head a little, but a big, beefy hand grabbed my shoulder. I turned my head back, looking at his big, beefy face and his dandelion yellow eyes, peering into the back of my skull. Then, Big Jack shoved me to a locker, my back starting to ache from the backstabbing pain that shot throughout my body. \"Listen here, Rick. Remember my rules, if you look at me, or even tell on me, I will come to your way with a little pocket knife and lemon juice going into your scars and bruises. You understand me, Little Ricky?\" He told me, holding his left forearm on my chest to hold me still. \"Little Ricky\" was a nickname he had given me when he first bullied me at school. \"Yes yes yes!\" I started to squeal, because his arm randomly moved up to my neck, choking me. He removed his big arm off my neck, but before he was about to walk off, he shoved me to the locker again. The pain was back again. It might not be that painful, but to me, it was unbearable, hitting the locker handle on my back. I missed my bus, so that meant I had to walk home, which didn't really seem far. While I walked home, I noticed how dark and cold it has gotten. It used to be a bright blue sky out. And a hot and cold mix, not like warm temperature though, but a little warm and mostly cold. But now, it's more of nothing but cold temperature now and the sky is pale gray, like pale skin color. The tree leaf colors used to be spring green, but now they changed to red, yellow, and brown. This is why I sometimes hate autumn. There's no hot temperature, where you get to go out, swim, get active, and even hang out with your friends more often. I made it to my house finally. It just seems a little gloomy under the miserable shades of gray blankets covering over us. The house is a normal three-story house, with red bricks and white pillars holding the roof and porch together. There, on the porch, was a swing to relax on. I went up the stone steps, opening the glass door and stepped inside. As I laid my stuff down on the couch, I heard a clink come from the kitchen. I ran to the kitchen, thinking someone was in the house. I stepped afoot on the linoleum floor, watching as Keith was digging through the cookie jar. \"Keith! What are you doing here?\" I asked my friend, Keith. He turned his head to me, then smiled, as if he was expecting to see me. \"Yo, Big Ricky, just here to watch over your house, because your mother and father told me to while they're gone,\" he said, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. Yes, he also gives me a nickname too. Keith is a little older than me, although he's in college. I'm only sixteen years old, and I'm about to graduate soon, maybe. Keith can be a big friend and all, but sometimes, he can be a little derpy to be an intelligent college student. He's actually our neighbor's son, the Farmers family. He has long, blond hair that hangs low on the back of his head, that would stay untidy. He's always wearing his college leather jacket and ripped jeans. Literally, he never would take it off, which is why he smells like old cigarettes and Axe body spray. \"They left? To where?\" I asked as I took his arm off my shoulders. Keith went to the kitchen counter, and grabbed a written piece of lined paper, with a message written on it. \"They left to go off to a fancy dinner,\" said Keith, his mouth full of Oreo cookies. I start reading the note, it reads: \"Keith, I want you to look over our house, in case if anything bad happens. If Rick comes home, make sure to keep an eye on him. He sometimes loves to wonder off to hang out at video stores on his own. Please and thank you. From, Mr. and Mrs. Watson.\" I groaned, going into the living room. I pick up my backpack, and go upstairs to my bedroom. I heard his voice from downstairs as he called me. \"Remember, don't go to the video store on your own,\" he said, sipping a small glass of milk. I laid down on my bed, feeling more relaxed and calm. I felt like forgetting my worries about things and just let it be. I got up, getting my laptop from the end of my bed. I check the battery, it was full. That would mean that I had free time, since today is Friday, the thirteenth of November. I typed in my computer password, and clicked on the Internet Explorer icon. The internet popped up, sending me to the Google website. Then as I went to look for something when typing in the search bar, I looked at the top right corner. It said I have an email from someone. Who would send me an email? I thought. My friends at school don't really have a Google account, but I do. I clicked on the message inbox. The message had a disturbing subject title: HELP ME! However, the message subject line really sent a chill down my spine, just imagining those words being said out loud. I clicked on the email, reading the message, which was said was sent about seventeen minutes ago. I read the message: \"Rick, this CD, it's too powerful. It's after me. I need you to destroy it, or get rid of it. I sent you the disc in a package outside your door. If you play it, it'll kill you too. Please, get rid of this at once! Now!\" I checked the email, saying it came from a guy named Kyle. That's odd, I thought, because I don't know a guy named Kyle, and I don't know any CD he sent me. I slammed my laptop shut and climbed down the stairs. I ran to the door, which caught Keith's attention from watching some MTV. I looked down, through the glass door. My eyes widened as I saw the cardboard package, with a white post-it-note on the package. I opened the door, picking up the package, reading the label information. It said the box was to be sent at my address, with my name written in black marker on the box. I went to the kitchen, followed by Keith. \"What's that?\" he asked me as I got out a small kitchen knife and cut the tape that sealed the box closed. I lifted open the flaps, seeing nothing but packaging peanuts. I digged into the box, finding a case, with a disc in it. The disc seemed to be a burnt copy or something, because a title was written in Sharpie on the disc, reading . Keith, behind me, gasped in shock, gleaming at the disc. He ran into the living room, screaming like terror had just invaded. Does Keith know about this disc? I thought. My mind was racing like a race track being used. I walked into the living room with the disc. I looked around until I saw Keith, huddled in the corner. \"Keith, do you know this disc?\" I asked him, holding out the disc in front of him. He didn't answer, he just murmured something under his breath. I went closer, and I could hear it finally. \"It's real. He's real. It's real. He's real.\" This just started to tick me off. \"Keith, what do you know about this?\" I asked him again. Keith got up from the corner, recovered calmly. \"That disc, is . It's a hacked version of the original Sonic The Hedgehog, well, it seemed hacked,\" Keith told me, taking the disc from my hands. \"This game is haunted. If you play this game, Sonic will kill you.\" I thought about the email message I received from that guy named Kyle. \"Really? I'm going to put it in, and play the stupid game,\" I said, grabbing back the disc, going to our family's laptop. Yes, our family has a laptop, and I have my own. I sat down, clicking on the eject button on the side of the laptop. Before I could put the disc in, Keith grabbed the disc from me. \"Hey! Give it back! I just want proof!\" I shouted at him as I lunged at Keith, fighting over the disc. I tried grabbing the disc, but he flipped me over, with him on the top. He held my arms down, pinned to the floor. Keith lays his knee on my forearm, which pretty much hurts, bring back the pain I had at school from Big Jack. He takes the disc, and throws it away from me, into the dining room, under the dinner table. \"No way dude, that game is evil. And sorry for doing this tho-\" he was about to say when we heard a little beep. The beep sounded a little like an email notification. You know that beep that it makes when you receive a little notification? That's what it sounds like. \"Get off of me Keith!\" I shoved Keith off of me, and went to the laptop. The Internet Explorer opened up to . That's weird, I thought. I never opened up Google when I went on the laptop. I clicked on the notification icon, and it sends me to another message that I received. Under the message from the Kyle guy, above it was a new message, said that it was sent to me just now. The subject title said DON'T PLAY THE GAME. I clicked on the message, that's when Keith came up behind me, looking at the laptop screen. The email message says: \"Rick, I know what you got in that package. If you had opened it, don't play the game. If you didn't open the package or didn't get it yet, make sure that it never exists. Get rid of the game now! Whatever you do, don't play . DON'T PLAY THE GAME RICK WATSON!\" I checked the user who sent me the message, and it said the user was MrCreepypasta666 . \"Mr. Creepypasta?\" I asked in confusion. I looked behind me, and Keith has his mouth hung open in shock. \"It's him, it's really him!\" Keith said in surprise. I looked at him in more confusion. \"Um, Keith, you know this guy?\" I asked him, pointing to the user's profile picture, which seems to be a yellow skull, with long Pikachu-like ears poking out from the front of the skull. Keith nodded. I never seen him in such surprise and joy ever in my life. \"It's Mr. Creepypasta. He created the internet sensation of horror story collections, called Creepypastas. That disc, , is a Creepypasta. But does this mean that those Creepypastas are actually real?!\" Keith told me, with big breaths in between words, as if he was running out of breath. I looked at Keith, with even more confusion. \"I never heard of Creepypastas,\" I told him, as I went to the search bar, typing CREEPYPASTA. As the link loaded, it took me to a bunch of links that talked about Creepypasta. I clicked on the Creepypasta Wikipedia page, which sounded more useful to look up about. As I got to the website, wiki/Creepypasta. It says here: \"Creepypastas are horror-related legends or images that have been copy-and-pasted around the Internet. These Internet entries are often brief, user generated ghost or alien stories intended to scare readers. They include gruesome tales of murder, suicide, and otherworldly occurrences. According to TIME magazine, the genre had its peak audience in 2010 when it was covered by The New York Times.\" I looked at the email message, which was still popped out on our screen, and then at the Wikipedia page. I need to know who this guy is, I thought. Is he really real? And what was his purpose for those Creepypastas? Those questions still frighten me at this minute. I exited out of Internet Explorer and turned off the laptop. I went to the dining room, under the dinner table, picking up the game disc. I handed it to Keith. \"What do you want me to do with this?\" Keith asked me, putting the disc on the table where the laptop is. \"I want you to watch the disc, if anything happens. And whatever you do, don't play the game yet,\" I told him, as I grabbed my jacket. \"Where are you going though?\" Keith asked me again. I turned around at him, glaring through those eyes. They were widened with fear and trumatism. \"I'm going to ride my bike, because it makes me think more,\" I said, before I headed out the back door. I grabbed my bike, and opened the garage door. As I got out of the garage, I rode my bike out, into this cold, autumn air. PART TWO: MEETING MR. CREEPYPASTA I ride my bike out, into the cold afternoon. It was almost evening, as if it was before dinnertime. I had to think, riding my bike makes me think. I saw kids, playing out in piles of leaves, as usual. I'm not that kind of guy, although I'm sixteen. I need to know who this guy is, so I can know about the big deal of the disc. I mean, how would he know that I got the game in a package? Does he live near here in Alabama? My mind was racing, which gave me a brain cramp. I had to stop thinking. I needed to focus more on riding my bike. As I rode past the park, dark and cold to live or play there, right? Probably that kid in the black jacket and sunglasses enjoyed being there. I stopped my bike, staring at the kid. I can barely see his face, his eyes covered by the black sunglasses, making his skin seem pale. He seemed to be writing in some sort of journal, or diary, because the book he's writing in looked like a leather bound manuscript or an old book from the seventeenth century. The kid looked about my age, but I'm not sure about that. I can tell he's drawing, because he seemed to be scribbling and drawing in random spots of the page. He sat on a bench by the swings, which I once swung on when I was little. One thing I wanted to know, who is that kid? I thought. Did he move from somewhere or what? I was about to ride my bike more, but the kid shut his sketch book closed and walked away, in the opposite direction I was going. I tried to get his attention. \"Hey, kid! Do you know Creepypasta?\" I asked him, which he finally faced me. He stared at me, with a cold expression under those dark sunglasses. Then he started to run. I stared at him, and turned around to make sure nothing was behind me. Yup, he was scared of me. I only wanted to ask him a simple question, since I don't know him in town. I followed him, riding my bike after him. I know, I may have bad manners, but I just don't feel like acting like a good little girl right now. I caught up to him, which he wasn't that fast. He turned his head at me, sweating with fear, as if he thought I was stalking him. He still had the sketch journal, held in both of his hands. He turned away to see what's coming forward him, which he was about to trip on a fire hydrant. I tried to stop him, but it was no use. I lost control of the bike handles, and he lost control of where he was going, because we both fell. I landed on the pavement hard, scraping my knee. I turned my head to the kid, his journal flew up in the air, landing between us in our landed spots. He landed on grass, which won't hurt much, but the bike crash would've hurt more. We both stared at the journal, then started crawling to get the journal. I got up and walked to it, because I had my hand on my wound, which was bleeding badly. God, the pain. I thought. As I walked up to the journal, the kid looked up at me, reaching his hand at the journal, which was a yard away from him. Before I was about to pick up the journal, the book started jerking and shaking violently, as if it was left out on an earthquake. I stared, in horror, as the book flipped over on the back, front, and spine. Then in a few seconds, it stopped shaking. The book flipped open, revealing pages inside, which were full of sketches of weird, creepy characters of some sort. One flipped to a dog, who had a large smile, revealing a row of sharp fangs, saying these words above him: SPREAD THE WORD. Another page flipped to a teenager, about my age, with pale skin, bloody clothes, wide eyes, and a big smile across his face. It was if he carved it into his cheeks, because the smile looked a little bloody. The character held a bloody knife, written above: GO TO SLEEP. The kid immediately got up and ran to the journal, squeezing it shut, as if something was trying to escape. I just stared at him, wrestling the book, but he was stronger, enough to make it stop. \"Good day Rick Watson, and also, don't mess with anybody's stuff that don't belong to you,\" the kid told me, walking away as if anything haven't happened. I stood speechless. How did he know my name? I thought. And what were those sketches about? Was that what Creepypasta really is? Is that kid the creator of Creepypasta? \"No, that can't be,\" I told myself as I walked up to him. \"Sorry about back there, I just need help.\" He finally turned to face me, and seemed to listen. \"I moved here a week ago from Connecticut. I knew your name, because I heard about you at school, Hillcrest High. And yes, I know Creepypasta,\" the kid explained. He finally got to tell me some things though. The new kid? I thought. The one that moved into the creepy house on my street, 1408 Skylord Avenue? I decided to change the subject. \"This disc you texted me about, , is starting to scare me. I didn't play it though. But the letter, it came from someone I don't know. What is this all about? What is ?\" \"Think, did the letter say the game is dangerous, and that you need to get rid of it?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Then get rid of it. The Creepypasta says so. Destroy it, or it will kill you. Good day Rick.\" Then he just walks off, randomly ending the conversation. Rude, I thought. As he went to turn down to the next left, my street, which isn't far from the park, I saw something fall out of his jacket pocket. It was his sketch journal. I went to pick it up, making sure nothing happens like that one moment ago. You saw it, right? \"Hey kid! You dropped your-\" I could say before the kid just vanishes. He left, not noticing his journal fell out. Then randomly, something came over me. I thought about keeping the journal, admiring the leather bound cover, just like an old book from the seventeenth century. \"I wonder what other kinds of Creepypastas I can know and make up...\" Then I took the journal with me, and went up to my bike, and rode to my house. PART THREE: UNLEASHED CHAOS INTO MARBLE HORNETS I stepped inside my house, leaving my bike into the garage. I took the sketch journal inside. I looked around for Keith, if he's anywhere. As I stepped into the living room, I heard a blood-curdling scream. It was as if it was from a woman. but I wasn't really sure. I looked around, until looking to the left, I saw Keith, on the family laptop. He stared at the screen, with eyes wide open, as if he was surprised by something he saw. I turned to look at the screen, and saw an 16-bit game being played. Keith seemed to be choosing a character, although there was only three. They were in slots, but two of them were unusable. The one in the middle was useable. The playable characters were familiar. I looked at the first slot, which was a dark character, as if a silhouette with fur, and with bleeding eyes. The character, however, didn't look right. The useable character Keith was about to use was a red echidna character. It took me a few moments to realize the game he was playing when a weird, but terrifying video game laugh came on. \"Keith! Why are you playing that?\" I asked him, pulling him away from the laptop, but he was too heavy. He started moving his character, which I found out was Knuckles. The fox character in the character selection was Tails. The other one that wasn't used yet was Doctor Eggman. Then, on the screen, it started to change. At first, when Knuckles was running on the game platform, the platform became bloody. I know it's a game, but an old game shouldn't behave that way. I went to the side of the laptop, putting the sketch journal on the laptop desk, and ejected the disc out of the laptop. Keith just stared at the laptop screen, although it's only showing the wallpaper of the laptop. \"Um, Keith. You alright?\" I asked as I waved my hand in front of his face, which got his attention at last. \"What? Oh, yeah. Just playing the game. Seems rather funny than odd,\" Keith told me, sounding more surprised about game, as if having a big interest in it. \"You know that game might kill you. Probably us! I just found out,\" I said, running to upstairs to check out the journal. As I got to my bedroom, I heard Keith's voice downstairs. \"What's that book thing you have there with you? And also, did you find any information about ?\" He asked me. I walked out of my room, going to the end of the hallway and seeing Keith down the stairs. \"It's just a gift from a friend at school,\" I lied. \"And also, that game will kill you if played.\" I heard him walking into the living room, turning on the television. I walked to my room, setting the journal down on my desk. I sat down as well, opening the journal. I turned to the first page, which has the words written in black ball-point pen: SKETCH JOURNAL BY MR. CREEPYPASTA. This kid's the creator of Creepypasta? I thought, turning the next page. It was a sketch of a tall figure. The figure had a dark suit and tie, blank face, and long arms sticking out. He had tentacles coming out of his back. Above him, was a word written: SLENDERMAN. \"Slender Man,\" I muttered myself turning the next page. The page also had a character too. This one was a teenager, probably looks like it, wearing a jacket. He also had orange glasses, and what seemed to be a bandana. He held a bloody ax in each hand. The words above him: TICCI TOBY. \"Ticci Toby.\" I flipped to other sketches, showing horrifying characters. \"Jeff the Killer, Smile Dog, Ben Drowned, Masky, Hoodie, Sally, Suicide Mouse, Squidward's Suicide, Eyeless Jack, Heartful Lou, Laughing Jack...\" Each character I saw, examining each one, interested me a lot. Then as I flipped to a bunch of pages, I saw a blank page. The last one was Zalgo, but the one I got to was blank. I had no idea how long I was looking through this journal for, so I checked outside the window, nighttime. I looked at my alarm clock, which was 9:03 PM. \"Already?\" I told myself. \"Glad today is a Friday.\" I sat down on the chair to my desk, grabbing a pencil. I wanted to create a Creepypasta character, then I'll give it back to the kid, I thought. Then he'll know how much I started to love Creepypasta. I started drawing, but nothing came in mind, so only one Creepypasta character came up in mind. Slender Man, I thought out, then started drawing the head, which was basically easy. Then the suited body. Then the long arms and legs. Then the tentacles coming out of his back. Easy sketch, but then I heard a soft, but loud noise downstairs. It was a knock on the front door, then I heard Keith open it. \"Um, hello, who are you?\" I heard Keith say to the person at the door. \"I'm Eric Knudsen, a friend of Rick's. Anyway, I just want to talk to him, then I'll leave.\" \"Yeah, he's upstairs. I know he isn't asleep, but still. Anyway, won't you come in?\" \"Thanks.\" Who is Eric Knudsen? I thought. I don't know a kid named Eric Knudsen. I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. I decided to look normal, and draw in the journal. As the person came into the room, I almost dropped dead. It was the kid I met at the park, with the journal I stole from him, well, I wouldn't consist it being \"stealing\". He stared at me, then came up to me. \"Hey Rick, just came here to ask you something. Have you seen my journal? I checked my pocket and noticed it's gone, so I came here to ask-\" Was all he could say before he stopped. He turned his head to his journal on my desk. \"YOU STOLE MY JOURNAL?\" The kid shouted at me, grabbing it off my desk. \"I just borrowed it, to know more about Creepypasta. And to make a Creepypasta character in your journal,\" I told him, sounding worried. I have no idea what he's going to do to me. Hang me? Give me the Colombian Necktie? Burn me on a cross? Those sound too gruesome for that to happen. \"Draw in it? Rick, did you draw in this?\" He asked me, holding up the journal. I nodded, as my only response. \"Rick, what did you draw in this?\" \"Just a sketch of Slender Man, but why?\" He gasped in shock, his mouth hanging out open. He backed away, sitting on my bed. The kid had a hand over his heart, shocked and mostly terrified at the same time. \"Why would you draw him? Don't you realize that he's the most evil one of all?\" He told me, his body shaking. \"It's just a drawing. What's wrong about that?\" I asked, before his journal started shaking again, but this time, more violently. We all stood still, looking at the book. \"Is it supposed to do that? Why is it doing that?\" I asked, but the book started shaking so bad, it started shaking off the ceiling and walls, like a bouncy dodge ball. It came flying to the window, crashing through. The glass window shattered, the pieces falling to the floor. The kid and I looked out the window, feeling the cold breeze blowing on our face. The book landed on the roof, almost falling off. It opened up to my drawn sketch of Slender Man, by itself. I only done nothing, just stood still and watched. The pencil ink started bleeding out like blood squeezing out from a deep cut. The ink started to glow. Not like glow in the dark, but like a beam of light. The glowing ink started to form into something huge. It formed into something terrifying. Us looking at it, we stood in fear, staring into its blank face. \"It's Slender Man!\" The kid shouted as Slender Man jumped off the roof, taking the journal. We looked at each other, cowering in fear. \"What have you done Rick? What have you done?\" PART FOUR: WHEN THE CHILDREN PLAY Him and I ran down the stairs to make sure anything was okay, and sure enough, Keith was looking through the window. I tapped his shoulder, and he turned to face us, with a feared expression on his face. \"Was that Slender Man out there? Are you guys okay?\" Keith whispered to us, sounding a lot worried at the same time. The kid nodded. Something tells me that this kid is hiding something, even if his name isn't Eric. The kid went to open the front door, but then he looked through the keyhole. He gasped in shock again, taking his eye away and putting his dark sunglasses back on. \"What is it?\" Keith and I said at the same time, then looked at each other. We looked inside the keyhole, and saw something odd. Behind the big white door, which does show the glass door, but what's shown through is nothing but a deep shade of red. The outside looked like we're under a red blanket, except the outside was nothing but clear red. \"It's the Other Watcher,\" the kid said. \"A woman died in a hotel room once, and if you look through the keyhole in the room, you might see a pale woman inside. And sometimes, you'll see nothing but red.\" Keith and I looked at the kid, confused. \"Um, how do you know all of this?\" Keith asked the kid. The kid only walked up to our family laptop, turned on the Internet Explorer, and searched for Creepypasta. He went to a link, which I haven't heard of before, and pointed to a picture of him, sitting on a laptop, typing something on a blank document. \"This, doesn't prove anything,\" I told the kid, but he rudely interrupted me. \"I'm the actual, and real Mr. Creepypasta, well, that's my Creepypasta name. My human name is Eric Knudsen. Other wise, how would I know what's going on?\" the kid said. Knew it, I thought, at least he was telling the truth about his name. \"All of those creepypastas, worked-on creepypastas, and even OC's, are invading the town of Marble Hornets, to kill everyone.\" Keith didn't really seemed surprised, but he just nodded in amusement. \"Even my OC characters that I posted on your website and Facebook page?\" He asked him. Eric nodded. Keith only jumped in the air, excited about his real-life original creepypasta characters. \"That's just awesome! Now people will know me for them...\" He only said when we, Eric and I, looked at him. \"There's other ones too you should learn about. I even tried creating some from OC's, but they became evil over me.\" He typed in the search box \"OC Creepypastas\" and clicked on Images. Images showed pictures of some illustrated creepypasta characters. Some were drawn using Photoshop and some drawn on paper with ink and paint. \"But why are we talking about Creepypasta when there's chaos out there in town?\" I asked Eric, which got his attention. \"Well, you're the one who did something wrong.\" \"And what is that?\" \"You drew a sketch of Slender Man. Only I can control him!\" \"THEN LET'S GO OUT THERE AND DEFEAT THEM NOW!\" Keith was following us, but I had to stop him. \"Keith, please, you can't come with us. It's very risky.\" Keith got a little upset, putting his hand on my shoulder. \"But I can't risk you getting hurt. You're a good little buddy of mine, but I don't want to lose you.\" I saw tears dropping down onto his cheeks. \"But all of this was my fault, well, mostly his,\" I said, pointing to Eric. \"I'm right here!\" Eric whined. \"And besides, my drawings don't come to life, because I have control over them, but when someone else draws in it, it comes to life. That means that Slender Man will draw the characters to life!\" We all ran to the kitchen, out to the back door, out into the night. I looked back at Keith, which he just went through the front door. I ran to the front door, and looked outside through the glass door. I saw him, struggling to find his car keys in his car that was parked in front of my house. His car was dark blue, barely camouflaged in the dark. As he found his car keys in the glove compartment, he inserted them in, and drove away quickly, like there was no tomorrow, which might be true. I ran out of the back, noticing Eric staring at something in the bushes in my back yard. I stood next to him, looking at what seemed to be glowing red eyes, peering through the bushes at us. We both were close to the gate that led into town, a path where the park was. I decided to get closer to Eric, which seemed to be feared by the thing too. \"What is that?!\" I asked him in a whisper. He turned his head at me, but still kept his eye on the bushes. \"It's Smile Dog. I can tell,\" Eric told me. As I looked back at the bushes, the eyes disappeared. There was nothing but dark bushes. We both noticed and looked around, trying to see where Smile Dog is. As I turned to the bushes, with a quick flash, it appeared. We both fell to the ground, surprised in what teleported in front of us. Smile Dog. It was in its normal form, its husky form. He slowly walked up to us, struggling to get up, since he was coming closer. The more he came, the more that huge, fanged smile grew. \"Well, well, well. Look at what we have here. Our creator, Mr. Creepypasta, that finally let us out. And the new meat,\" It said, starting to look at me. Its face came close to mine, smelling bad breath, like roadkill. \"Well, Smiley, I didn't let you out. My little friend, Rick, did the job,\" Eric said, sounding less scared. He slowly got up, which got Smile Dog's attention. \"Creator, we're just doing our job. I've 'Spread The Word' to people of Marble Hornets. Now we know it's time for war,\" it said, getting his face away from me. \"Um, yeah, totally. I'll just grab my weapon to kill this child,\" Eric said, edging close to a long shovel. I mouthed out, \"Eric, what are you doing?!\", but he came close to me with the shovel. Smile Dog got its strong paw off me. I rapidly crawled up the gate, and Eric raised the shovel. As he lowered the shovel, I closed my eyes. I can't believe he was going to betray me. And yet, Keith decided to leave me here, to get my face smashed in to the grass. I didn't feel anything for a moment, so I opened my eyes a little, hearing a loud bang. He didn't hit me, he hit Smile Dog across the face with the shovel. I got up, listening to it howl in pain. \"Rick, come on!\" Eric shouted to me, while pulling me into a different street. We ran down, running away while Smile Dog was still recovering. As we got to the park, across the street, we stopped, because Smile Dog suddenly appeared in front of us. It teleported in the middle of the street, stopping us from moving. \"Tsk tsk tsk,\" It said, starting to form into something more horrifying than how it looks. It started to turn a little red and dark. Its eyes became a glowing blood red and that smile, it grew bigger, showing a big row of fangs, bigger than any dog's fangs. The side of its face was bruised up, bleeding from the shovel. \"Creator, you betrayed me. Now I'll just HAVE TO KILL Y-\" Was all it said before it stopped talking. Smile Dog looked to the left, noticing big car lights coming his way. Smile looked on the ground, noticing he's on the street, then he let out a small howl. Eric and I closed our eyes, blocking our view as we saw Smile smudged on the street by that dark blue car. The person stepping out of the car looked very familiar. He looked at the roadkill, then placed his hand on the back of his head, feared about killing the poor animal. \"Oh god, I just killed a poor little dog. Oh my god,\" the person said, then turned to me. \"Eric? Rick?\" I ran up to him, hugging him. \"Keith! I thought you left us. I saw your car, you drove off,\" I told him, while squeezing him hard. Keith shook his head no. \"I only needed to grab weapons for you guys.\" He looked on the ground, at Smile Dog, which he's starting to bleed from his chest, which was pretty gruesome to see. \"And accidentally killed an animal,\" Keith pointed out. \"That's not a normal animal. That's Smile Dog,\" Eric said, which made both of us look at him. Keith looked back down, looking at its dead bleeding body. The dog had its chest ran over, still hearing the soft crunching sounds and tiny drips of blood dropping to the pavement. \"Are you sure it's alive?\" Keith asked, bending over it. He raised his fingers and was about to rub its husky white and black fur. \"No! Don't!\" Eric yelled out loud to Keith, before it was too late. In a quick flash, it disappeared. The dog's bleeding body disappeared. All there was left on the road was a big dark pile of red fluid. But at the front of the car, it stood. The dog's form started to change. \"My god Keith, why?!\" I yelled at Keith, as he done nothing but stared at the forming Smile Dog. First, the dog's ribcage, which was opened out at first, healed itself. Those cracking sounds, I thought. So sickening. The dog started to look angrier, and redder. Not like when you get angry, your face changes to red, because of your blood pressure, but like the fur. The fur was changing colors. Then, last of all, that horrible grin. It started to growl at us, walking toward us. We made a run for it, but when turning back, it seemed to be walking, but not chasing us. \"What is Smile Dog doing?\" I asked, looking far at twenty yards away, where it was at. Eric seemed to not get it, because of that strange expression on his face. \"I don't know. Testing us? Ready to pounce? I never wrote him out to do...,\" Eric paused. \"Whatever Smiley's doing. Now let's back away as far as possi-\" Eric paused again as he stopped. In fact, we all stopped. We heard breathing noises from behind us. Really loud breathing, in fact, I felt hot breath blowing against my back neck. We turned around, and noticed a group of people. The people seemed to have something worn on their face. One was wearing a bandana, another was wearing a white mask, and another was wearing a hoodie, but the face was dark, with red glowing eyes. \"Ticci Toby,\" I said. \"Masky,\" Eric said. \"Hoodie,\" Keith said. They seemed to be staring at us, with no strange expression at all. They just stood there, like kids waiting in line. Then, looking behind them, another big group of people appeared. They all looked different, but something wasn't right. They looked oddly familiar. In the middle of the group, there was a big, tall man in a dark suit. Its tentacles grew out of its back, like a bird's wings. \"Slender Man!\" Keith and I said, turning around to run. \"GUYS, WE NEED TO GET IN THE CAR NOW!\" Eric yelled as we ran to the car. We got in, but Keith only ran away from the car, and to downtown. That meant we're left out inside the car. The Creepypasta characters then started to chase us down, almost coming to the car. \"Drive now!\" I shouted at Eric as he put Keith's keys in the ignition and stepped on it. Driving in an incredible speed, we drove them away, none of them in sight. \"Eric, please tell me, how do we defeat all of them? They're too powerful!\" I asked Eric, sitting next to him in the passenger seat. \"Well, I don't know! Ask the crazy person who unleashed them all.\" \"Eric, I'm sorry! I just wanted to know.\" \"Well, you don't just fight with somebody when they were busy drawing a sketch!\" \"JUST TELL ME HOW! DO YOU KNOW HOW?!\" Eric paused to think for a moment. He looked more concerned when asking him. He nodded his head in more concern. \"You can't defeat them. If you do, it'll kill me too.\" I stopped, looking at him, Eric being focused on driving. \"Eric. Is there something you're not telling me?\" I asked him, starting to feel just as concerned as him. He only said nothing, but just silence. Then, in a few moments later, he responded finally. \"I'm considered a Creepypasta character.\" I said nothing, but thought. \"What are you saying?\" \"I had a creator, his name was Victor Surge. He created my enemy, Slender Man. Then he created me to create him. But I never saw him again, since I was only just a couple of written words in a journal. Ever since, I made legends that turned out to be real. So basically, that's why I can't be hurt. I can only be hurt by damaging the sketchbook, but however, I can be written back on page. Name, sketch, story, etc. And it'll create me like how I'm written. Sending all the characters in the journal can kill them, by suicide. I have to damage the book to send them and me back in.\" I only sat down in the seat, looking through the window. While the long drive to downtown, I decided to get out my cell phone and call my mom. Hearing three rings, her voice finally came on. \"Sweetie? Is anything alright?\" her voice sounded worried. She knows a lot of feeling when it comes to talking to someone. \"Hey mom. No, I'm fine.\" \"Oh, thank gosh. We're almost to the dinner. It's out of state. Your dad and I might not come back until Sunday. Maybe.\" Out of state? But will she still hear about chaos that's happening here in Marble Hornets? Then, while chatting with mom, Eric stopped driving. He stepped on the brake pedal, and only stared through the windshield, at someone standing in front of the car. \"Um, yeah. That's good. I got to go. Yes, Keith is with me. Alright, love you. Bye now,\" I said between replies from mom and hung up. \"Rick. Don't say a word. Let's just drive away,\" Eric said quietly as he pulled the gearshift level to reverse and drove away. \"Eric, what are we doing? Who was that?\" I asked him. \"No Through Road.\" We got back on the road from the gravel roadway, and drove off to the actual part of downtown. While driving, Eric decided to turn on to the radio, which a heavy metal song played on. I recognized that song. It was \"In The End\" by Black Veil Brides. It was one of my favorites, but I didn't have time to focus on the song. Then when the song was over, about to play \"Monster\" by Meg & Dia, Eric stopped the car, but slowly drove on. We both saw it, shocked at all those police officers, holding up their guns at something in front of them. It was all those Creepypasta characters, fighting with all those police officers. In the background, through the radio, we heard screams. They came from somewhere in the distance. We both looked at the horror that stood in front of us, a few yards away. Police officers, being killed one by one, in gruesome ways. I saw Mr. Bear, a psychopath in a bear costume, slicing people's throats, showing the insides as blood ran down on their chests. We both saw Squidward and Suicide Mouse, giving lot of people fear of their suicidal look. I saw Sonic, chasing somebody, killing them by ripping his limbs off. \"You're too slow,\" I heard him say, as he looked at us. We both looked up through the windshield, which got our attention, something about to land on the car. The object didn't seem to be an object, because as it fell on the car, it rolled off the car, leaving a trail of blood that was left from the poor human. We both screamed, getting out of the car. So far, I only hear a few screams, and mostly those squishes and stabs and booms of the dead victims. As I heard nobody else, all that was left were us. They stared at us, with their angered expressions. Each one, known by all. Slender Man. Jeff the Killer. Ticci Toby. Smile Dog. Masky. Hoodie. Sally. Mr. Bear. The Rake. Squidward. Suicide Mouse. Eyeless Jack. Zalgo. One of the patients of the Russian Sleep Experiment. Ben Drowned. Characters of Candle Cove. The Smiling Man. Laughing Jack. And more that I can't explain. As we stared at them, in a few moments, they run away. We catch up to them without them noticing, running to our neighborhood. PART FIVE: A SIGN OF REVENGE Following them, we noticed that they're going to kill the people in my neighborhood. We hid behind a bush, watching through at the characters as they roam free. I turned to Eric, he had a disappointed look on his face. He shook his head and peered through the thorny bush more. \"Eric, um, what are we going to do?\" I asked him, him sitting up and facing me. \"Probably find another way to get the sketch journal, or find another way to put them back,\" Eric replied, getting up. \"Follow me. I think I know where they're going.\" I took out my pocket flashlight and aimed at our trail to get to them. It was dark, possibly about 11:30 PM at night. While walking down to Eric's way, I decided to talk to him, just to chat. \"So, Eric, do you have lots of fans of Creepypasta?\" I asked him, a random question in thought. He faced forward, but still focused on my questions. \"Yeah. Lots of them,\" he said, as we start heading down through the forest. \"It started around 2010. As soon as I started to exist, I had to write stories for people. Even people make up their own stories. Ever since, those five years, I couldn't stop. I was made to be that way. If a new one was being created online, and if it would get a bunch of fans' reads or fan art, etcetera, then it would be easily possible to come to life. That's why they have that journal, to have themselves free from control.\" \"But can't you just buy a different journal and get ideas from that without controlling them?\" \"Yes. And no.\" \"What do you mean, yes and no?\" \"Basically, that journal would only accept Creepypasta drawings and any other normal journals would make the sketches disappear.\" I have no idea what to ask him, so I just kept walking, hearing the wind whispering through the dark, tall trees. We have been walking for what seemed to be a small light near forward us. It seemed to be shown through the trees. Us getting closer, we heard voices. These voices sounded shrill and young, like a child's. Getting more closer, we saw a campfire, but no children. The heat from the fire was already getting me a little sweaty, drops of them soaking into my red t-shirt. In the distance, we saw nothing but darkness, but the voices were still heard. Those voices, I thought, they sound as if they're getting closer. And Eric found that out the hard way, because when I turned to him, he seemed to be pointing at something in the woods. I looked at whatever he was pointing to, but saw nothing. I aimed my flashlight at where he was looking at, and jumped back as I saw kids. These kids seemed to be younger than us, about in the elementary grade age. There were lots, circling us. They seemed to look a little dirty, almost scared looks on their faces. I looked at Eric, him looking at me as if he wanted me to do something. \"Rick, let's leave the woods now! These kids aren't looking for trouble, but they seemed to be ruled by trouble. I just stood there and done nothing. Eric shoved some of the kids away, and looked back at me. \"Rick! Come on! Run!\" he yelled as he pointed at the kids. I turned to look at the kids, and they seem to be changing. They started to look a little innocent and lost, but now they look awful. They looked as if they were badly mutilated. The kids around us took their hand and each took something out of their pocket, a pair of bloody scissors. They held it out in front of them, seeming as if they're ready to attack. \"Scissors are dangerous, so hold them safely,\" the kids say at the same time, running at me after. \"Rick!\" I heard Eric yell at me. I start to run, shoving some kids away. As I run to Eric, I felt a sharp pain in my back. It was a searing pain that suddenly shot through me. Then that memory came back, that moment at school, but it felt worse. I had no idea what it was, but I kept running. My back was burning with excruciating pain. I grabbed at the pain as if that could stop it. It hurt so much, but I had to bear with it. I ran away from the kids, but they seemed to not be running. However, a tall figure was standing with them. I stopped running and aimed the phone flashlight at the figure, who wasn't that far away from me. The figure was a man, but he was wearing a bear costume. He had something in his hands, and was holding it up. It was some sort of camcorder. I continued running, and finally got out of the woods. It gotten a little dark out, but Eric was nowhere to be seen. I kept looking around to find him, but no luck. I yelled his name to see if I can hear his voice yell back. \"Eric! Eric! Where are you?\" I yelled, but no sign of him. Great, I was alone. Nobody in sight, which might possibly mean I'm the only person in town. This may sound quite stupid, but I went to go hide in my house, which wasn't far from the woods. The house was dark inside, so I had to turn on the lights. As I turned them on, it was complete silent. Going to the bathroom, I turned the lights on. Looking at my back, there was a pair of long scissors stuck to my back. Red dark blood was stained to my shirt, making a darker shade of red. Stuck to the scissors, there was a piece of paper stuck to the blade. Slowly taking the scissors out of my back, the stinging pain came back. I whimpered a little, then taking the piece of paper off. There was words written on it. I looked at the note, which read: GO CHECK YOUR EMAIL. WE HAVE HIM, SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL GIVE UP NOW! That explained why I couldn't hear or see him. I went to the family laptop, going on my email account. Looking at my notifications, I see some new ones. I went to the latest one, and there it was, an email from Smile Dog. Did he want me to see it? I thought. I clicked on the email, and there was only a picture and a small message. The picture was Eric, he was being forcibly by who seemed to be Masky, Hoodie, and Toby in the background of the photo. The character who stood in front of the photo was Slender Man, holding up something in his hands. Eric's sketch book. It was there, and he had it with him. Eric in the photo looked beat up, cut up and bloody, like in the Creepypasta stories. I know that Eric can't be hurt, because he's a Creepypasta character as well, but I know he's in trouble. \"Eric!\" I yelled to myself, running to the front door, and heading out of the house. And into the night to get Eric and the sketch journal. PART SIX: MR. CREEPYPASTA'S SACRIFICE The cold air of the night hit my body as I stepped outside the house. I turned on my phone flashlight and aimed around anxiously in the darkness. It was a little dark out, but a hint of brightness was shown. It's almost morning, I thought, possibly before the crack of dawn. Around me, I saw the houses, but something was odd. The lights were on in their house, only a little though. In each one, people were in there, a family. In each of their worried and frightened looks, some of them had weapons of all sorts. Guns, knives, bats, construction tools, etc. It was all there in their shaking hands. But if they had lights on, wouldn't they have killed them already? It might not be enough time for Eric, because he's still out there, hoping and waiting for me to save him. When starting to run to the forest, I heard a voice calling out. I jumped and looked around me, shining my phone around at anything that I could possibly find. Seeing nothing, I turn around to run, but that same voice yelled out again. \"Hey!\" I turned around again, shining at some houses. One of them had a girl, about my age, calling out. I aimed my flashlight at the girl, whose house was two houses farther from mine. \"What are you doing out here? Can't you see that there's demons of some sorts killing everyone?\" the girl said, walking up closer to me. I just stood there, done nothing but wait for her to talk to me. Coming up closer, I finally got to see her tanned face. It was one of the popular girls at school, Teresa Wells. She does have a crush on me, well, that's what I heard. She had jet black long hair that hung over her shoulders, leaf green eyes, perfect make up that would attract you the first chance you look. She usually wears a white t-shirt and ripped jeans, which makes her pretty rebel. She's mostly known at school for being one of the most known cheerleaders at school. Her eyes made me feel less scared about my worries, but I must resist going. \"Teresa, my friend is out there. I can't risk him getting killed and lost forever. He's like, the only friend I ever had, but that's different,\" I told her, about to run to the forest, but she laid her hand on my shoulder. \"Rick, you know, there was something I wanted to tell you too. Can I tell you first, then go save your friend?\" Teresa asked me as she turned me around. I start to blush a little, but still needed to be in a hurry. \"What is it?\" I said, sounding less worried and more safe. She turned her eyes up at mine, then slowly edged her lips close to mine. I slowly closed my eyes, feeling the urge to feel calm, and kissed her. Her lips felt spongy and soft, tasting the flavor of strawberry lipstick she had on. I had no worry at all, just thinking . . . safe . . . and pleasant thoughts. \"Will you be my boyfriend?\" She asked me, having a bit of tears in her eyes. \"I don't want to miss you, please, nor your friend.\" I had nothing to say, before leaving, I nodded my head. \"I'll give you my phone number tomorrow and we can meet at school on Monday, how does that sound?\" I asked Teresa, with tears dripping down her face and that pretty smile marked on her face. She nodded rapidly. \"Go save Eric, my hero.\" I went to run, but thought of what she said. I stopped and turned to her. \"How did you know my friend is named Eric?\" I asked her, confused. She ran her hand over the back of her head, looking down. \"'Well, I kind of do spy on you from my house sometimes. I just think you're hot,\" she said, blushing more, as if she said something she shouldn't have said. I felt a little creeped out, just hearing her explanation. \"Right.\" I waved to her, before running to the next stop to the forest. And also, who would kiss a guy that they had just met? It's just like me being impatient with Eric before meeting him. Yeah, I'm like that, a lot, but I couldn't help it. I have issues when stressed. I ran as fast as I can, feeling brave and heroic. My shoes run on the wet and hard pavement, stepping on small puddles on every step. The moon shown on my face, showing me the light to the entire town of Marble Hornets. I ran past a couple of houses, where people stepped out of their front doors, staring at me. As of their face expression, they must be wondering \"what does that kid think he's doing?\". I would might as well answer in my mind. I'm here to stop this chaos for once and for all. I stop running, inhaling air from running out of it. My heart was beating fast, burning my legs for all that running. Finishing, I look up, noticing a bunch of big trees near me, from at least a few yards away. I smile, running to the forest. As I get to the gravel way, my foot steps on something hard, causing me to trip and fall. My head knocked hard on the pavement, giving me a big bump on my head. Looking at my foot, I saw something long and skinny laying down. I picked it up, holding a long machete. Who would have a machete out in the woods? I thought. Kind of thinking about it, I think Eric would have it to use for himself to protect. I carry the weapon by the hard, plastic handle, and run into the dark forest. Stepping on hard gravel and dead leaves, I kept looking around for any sign of trouble. While running, two things had came to my mind: Keith and Marble Hornets. Where is Keith? I wondered. And will the town of Marble Hornets go downhill if I fail? That's what I don't know, but I wanted to stop thinking about it. Suddenly, stopping to a light, I start to see people, or as if they are. Turning to see them, they were holding somebody still. Hiding behind a tree, I saw a bunch of all sorts of Creepypasta characters. Most of them circled around something, something bright. Getting a little closer, almost enough to get noticed, I saw a big fire around something in the middle of it. It seemed to be a stick-like pole, but something was tied to the top. Looking up at it, my mouth hung low as I saw Eric, struggling to escaped from being tied up to the pole. He had cuts and bruises on him, but from the looks of it, he did not look happy. And on his forehead, there was some sort of symbol that familiarized me. It was carved on, blood dripping from the scar, making a symbol of Slenderman. \"Let me go! I created you! I never wanted you to act like this!\" I heard Eric yelled at someone far from view in the distance. Looking at whatever he was looking at, it was a tall figure, walking slowly up to him. In his white, skinny hands, held the journal. \"Nobody wanted us. They feared us,\" Slenderman said, his voice coming out dark and raspy. He held out the journal, slowly close to the fire. As he done that, Eric had screamed in pain, as if the journal was affecting him, like some sort of life source. \"We never wanted to be created this way,\" Slenderman continued, moving the book away from the fire. Eric struggled to revive from the pain that was going into him. \"I never wanted you to be made fun of. Victor created me to create all of you. TO BE KNOWN FOR AS ENTERTAINMENT!\" Eric yelled, trying to explain, but Slenderman keeps putting the journal close to the fire around him. \"Victor was a liar, Eric. He created you, because he wanted us to become insane, even you,\" Slenderman replied. That made Eric stop talking, and thought for a moment. \"Even if Victor left us, he would still remember us, as a family of all creations, THAT TREATS THEIR MASTER LIKE TRASH!\" Eric said, screaming in more pain as Slenderman put the book closer to the fire. I got out from behind the tree and took out the machete, ready to fight. \"Let. Eric. Go,\" I said, in my bravest, and yet awkward tone yet. All of them, even Eric, turned to me. Looking at Eric's facial expressions, he seemed more happy than more shocked. In a few more seconds, I heard a laugh come from Jeff the Killer, his smile making his laugh look worse. Then the laughing spread on like wildfire, except for Slenderman. \"Rick, Rick, Rick. What a big surprise. I heard you haven't heard of us. But now you have, and now we're here. Let's talk this through,\" Slenderman said, as he threw the book into the fire circle that surrounded Eric, getting a bit of the journal burnt. Eric screamed, howled as the book went through the fire, landing on grassland underneath him. As Slenderman came close to me, he had something long come out of his back. In fact, there was lots. Tentacles. I dropped the machete, having no idea or plot of what should happen. As he got closer to me, he grabbed me with his tentacles, and squeezed me tightly. My body ached a lot, feeling more pain than from school with Big Jack, which I hope would be dead by now. I can feel my blood flowing to the two halves of my body. Then I heard Eric yell something from behind Slenderman. He stopped strangling me, and turned around at Eric, at by surprise, has escaped from the pole. \"What?! How did you-\" Slenderman stuttered, confused and angry. Eric seemed to look different, as in how he looks. Some of his burnt marks revealed different colors. Some shown are blue, black, and white. Looking at him, it seemed that the blue must be his Mr. Creepypasta appeal, the black being his CreepsMcPasta, and the white being his Creepypasta Jr. appeal. \"Like I said, I am your master,\" Eric said, not making any sense, but still looks angry from the pain he's been through. As he finished his explanation, he held up something in this right hand, the journal, still safe and sound. Slenderman growled, throwing me out of the way. \"GET THAT BOOK!\" he shouted as all of the Creepypasta characters ran close to him. Eric didn't seem afraid, but I can tell he's going to do it. He eyed at me, then eyed at the machete. I looked at the weapon, then shook my head no as a response. He nodded yes, which made me want to end all of this. I grabbed the machete by the handle and threw it in the crowd, which Eric had caught it in his hands. He grabbed the book, opening to the blank pages, and raised the machete up. \"Who's your creator now?\" Eric said. He lowered the machete down, stabbing into the journal. Eric then let out a loud, howling scream. It was upsetting to see him suffer, but it was the only way to stop all of this. Looking at all of the characters, they seemed to be horrified, staring at the journal, then staring at them. Their bodies were morphing into ink, as if it was the ink from the pencil and charcoal that came from the sketches. \"No! What have you done?!\" Slenderman screamed, looking down at me, then down at his body. His body was disappearing slowly, morphing into ink. He screamed, as he tried to grab my neck with his huge hands, but he misses as his whole arms disappear. All of the Creepypasta characters then disappear, then Eric looked at me, then gave me a wink and a salute. I got a feeling it would end good, so I gave him a salute back. Then his body started to morph into ink, sucking him back into the journal, then the book shuts itself closed. Hearing only nothing but silence, I went up to the journal, opening it up. I was shocked and surprised that all of the sketches have gone back into their rightful place. I looked at the last page, where I drew that one sketch of Slenderman, was a blank page. I set the book down, placing my hand on the journal's page. As I did, something appeared on the page. I removed my hand off the page, looking at the words that formed out something, as if it was being typed by a typewriter. The words read: \"Thank you for releasing me Rick. I knew you can do it! You can write me back on page if you want, but don't write me as evil or wicked. Just like how my creator wrote me for the first time. Thank you Rick, thank you. - Mr. Creepypasta, your only trusted friend.\" Just staring at that note made me start to shed a tear. As I hugged the book tight against my chest, I looked up, lots of people stared at me. They were the people from the town. They must've saw what happened, because they looked happy and sad, according to their facial expressions. They started clapping, then cheering. I saw some other people that I knew. I saw Teresa, Ryan, and Big Jack. I was horrified to see him, but this time, he ran up to me, and hugged me tightly against his big chest. \"Hey Little Rick, sorry on being such a bully to you. I never knew you were such brave with such a great friend like that. My apologies. Wanna be friends together? You, me and others?\" He said, grinning at me. He sounded serious, which made me smile. I nodded my head, then raised the book in the air, cheering on for other to cheer for me. I finally done something that made me feel less lonely. I never had much attention in town. Barely anybody liked me, but now, by how they felt, they wanted me as their new hero. EPILOGUE: THE TWIST ENDING November 16th, 2015; 14:25; Monday (THREE DAYS LATER) I got to my locker, getting out my stuff for whatever I needed. Ever since I got back at school, a lot of people talked a lot about me. Most wanted to know the story of what happened, which they felt surprised at some exciting parts I told them. I got a lot of respect from Big Jack too, which he's been treating me like a guardian angel. He, Teresa, Ryan, and I sat at the lunch table, chatting along. I never felt this happy ever, I mean ever, in my life. Putting the journal in my backpack, I waved goodbye to my friends, and then suddenly, Big Jack grabbed my shoulder, then turned me around. \"So, you wanna sit next to me on the bus? I'll let you on this time. Promise,\" he told me. I thought he was about to joke about being friends and beat me up again, but he was not kidding. \"Sure. And why not let everyone call you Jack? Just Jack,\" I replied, grinning up at him, then getting on our bus for a ride home. As I got off the bus, he yelled at me goodbye, yelling from his window. As I waved, the bus drove off, somewhere wherever Jack needed to be dropped off. I walked up the stairs, opening the two doors, and stepped inside. I shut the doors, setting my stuff down, and laid down on the couch. I saw Keith, he was on the family laptop. I got excited, running up to him and hugged him. He noticed, hugging me back. \"Rick! I saw what you done! Proud of you, Big Rick,\" Keith told me, patting me on the shoulder. Yes, I allowed him to call me \"Big Rick\". When I went to sit down to watch some stuff on the news, I stopped to look at his computer screen. He had a website up. Looking at the search bar, it read: .org. I went closer, seeing that he's submitting a story online. As a few minutes has passed, I saw the amount of readers or viewers go up like a storm. He was getting over 10K views from his story. He jumped up in the air, hugging me, then jumped around in excitement more. \"So, Keith, what story did you write about?\" I asked him as he went to the kitchen to dig into some Oreos. He had a small bowl of them, stopping to reply from eating. \"It's my version of what happened in town, except that were Eric is evil and he allowed everybody to get killed,\" Keith said, sitting down on the couch, turning on the news on the television. As I saw the views and readers of the story that got submitted, it suddenly hit me. Eric did tell me that if some sort of story or fan art writes him back as evil, he would become evil, alive. That made me gasp in shock, Keith noticing. \"Hey, anything alright?\" He asked me. I turned to him. \"Keith. DON'T YOU REALIZE WHAT YOU'VE JUST DONE?! YOU'VE WRITTEN HIM BACK AS AN EVIL CREEPYPASTA CHARACTER! NOW HE'S GOING TO KILL US-\" Was all I could say when Keith looked behind me, with a scared expression on his face. He pointed at the laptop, which a hand pops out of the screen, reminding me of that one movie I saw where it had that one cursed tape. Something crawled out of the screen, revealing a big figure, seeming to glitch into different forms. In a quick flash, it flashed into forms of what seemed to be four forms. One showed Eric's normal form. Another showed his form as Mr. Creepypasta. Another of CreepsMcPasta. And another of Creepypasta Jr. We stood back, no help around us at all. Eric walked up closer to us, looked down at both of us. \"Who's your creator now?\" He said, pulling my arm instead of Keith's. Keith just stood there, done nothing but watched. I screamed for help, but I can tell it was too late. I was being dragged into the computer screen, seeing nothing but blank space. I couldn't describe it, but it felt hot, and the space had a color of shades of dark blood red. With my feet being the last thing being pulled in, I saw where the screen was, in front of me. It showed Keith, grabbing a hammer. \"No no no no no, Keith DON'T!\" I yelled before Keith raised the hammer, and slamming the screen. All I remember now, is blacking out, with nothing around me at all. I was gone. And nowhere to escape. THE END CREEPYPASTA: THE SECOND CHAPTER will come out soon in Spring 2016! ","Summary":" PART ONE: GETTING AN UNEXPECTED PACKAGE It was an autumn afternoon, in a cold breeze, blowing dead "},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Skin","Author":"longshot07","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13059412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Just something I had to do for Writers group. This is basically an AU where Hannah and Slappys' positions are reversed. So Stine used magic to make Slappy appear human, but it doesn't make him completely human. A young boy looked out the window in his room of the second floor of the house he and his father just moved into. He took his hand out of his black hood pocket to feel the light but visible scars on his nose and chin. His brown eyes blinked as he looked out to the street with all the other houses that he assumed other people lived in. He thought about the things he could do here after he finished unpacking his things and getting settled. Maybe just once he and his father could stay long enough to make some friends and actually have a life. Maybe they would not have to move ever again. \"Avery.\" The boy was taken out of his thoughts as he heard his father call out his name. His fake name at least. \"Avery.\" He turned around and leaned against the wall; scratching his short dark brown hair as he heard the sound of the door being opened. A hefty middle aged man with features similar to the boy, only older with a pair of thick glasses and no visible scaring opened the door. The man was dressed in black like the boy, but the outfit he had on was slightly more formal with a vest, tie, dress pants and shoes. He walked into the room with a box in his hands which he placed on the bed. \"I've got the last of your things. We can hopefully settle in now.\" The man said as he took off his glasses and cleaned them. Even though his vision was dimmed without his glasses, the man could see his son staring at him with a disgruntled look. \"What?\" He asked. \"We're not out in public. You don't have to call me by that girly name.\" The boy reminded as he crossed his arms. The man quickly realised what his son was talking about when he put his glasses back on. \"Right; sorry, Slappy.\" He quickly apologised. Slappy simply nodded and leaned back on the wall. \"Speaking of names, why do you insist on calling yourself Mr Shivers?\" He asked in a rather rude tone. \"It just makes Stine sound normal.\" Stine shook his head as he sighed. \"We've talked about this, Slappy. We can't let people know who we really are.\" He began to explain. \"If we say too much, people will get too nosey and curious. Then there's the chance that they find the manuscripts. And you know what would happen.\" Slappy looked down as he knew what Stine was talking about; thinking of how many times it has happened before. \"They'd open one or more and the ones inside the manuscripts would escape and wreak havoc.\" He remembered word for word what he's father said many times before. \"Snowy wouldn't do that though, he's just-\" \"I know the abominable snowman of Pasadena wouldn't mean to cause harm, Slappy.\" Stine tried to be reasonable as he explained. \"But people don't understand that. They would attack and then he would retaliate in self-defence. I know you don't think it's fair. But unfortunately, it's the safest option.\" Slappy just nodded out of disappointment. \"Can we at least let the gnomes out?\" He asked rather sheepishly with a smile. Slappy stopped smiling when Stine gave him a rather disgruntled look with a raised brow. The boy rolled his eyes the other way as he walked to the door. \"Forget I asked.\" He grumbled as he walked passed Stine. Stine turned his head as he watched his son walk down the stairs. He knew the boy had his reasons to be angry and irritated. But there were times where he would just ignore consequences of certain things he would do. Stine kept saying that something had to be done about that; hopefully without threat of force. Stine was about to go into his new study to organise his things. But the sound of the doorbell ringing quickly grabbed his attention. The writer was about to run down to answer. \"I got it!\" But Slappy beat him to it. The boy opened the door to see a pretty odd sight. A brunette haired woman in a business suit stood there with a cheery grin on her face; holding a basket of fruit with a big red bow tied in it. Slappy raised a brow as she started talking. \"Hello there, young man. Are your parents' home by any chance?\" She asked in very cheery tone of voice. \"Who wants to know?\" Slappy asked back; eyebrow still raised. \"I just wanted to welcome the people who just moved in here.\" Slappy just shrugged as he was about to reply. \"I'm afraid it's just us.\" Slappy turned around as he heard his father speak in his defensive tone. Stine stood next to him as he held the door frame. \"I'm Mr Shivers. You've already met my son, Avery.\" The writer introduced himself in a slightly unemotional way. Slappy gave his father a rather annoyed look as he heard the name. \"Oh, Avery is such a lovely name for a boy.\" The lady replied with a smile. \"Yeah, even if it's a Girls name.\" Slappy replied as he looked directly at Stine. Stine just rolled his eyes the other way as the woman began talking a bit. \"You two picked a lovely part of town to live in. Madison is an excellent place for parents to raise their children and the local school here is the best there is.\" She began to boost. Stine and Slappy knew that this woman was probably a member of city council and trying to sell out details; probably to boost tourism. But Slappy was enjoying meeting someone new. Stine however was not. \"Well, my son is home schooled. So I'm afraid that information doesn't apply to us.\" The writer answered back as he adjusted his glasses. The woman just let out a short giggle as she handed Slappy the basket. \"Well, I'm glad I could tell you anyway.\" She replied before continuing. \"So anyway; we're having a big annual BBQ Friday afternoon and since you just moved in, I wanted to invite you and your son as honorary guests. What do you say?\" Slappy smiled a bit at the idea. He could meet people. Maybe even make some friends. He opened his mouth to reply. \"I'm afraid we can't attend.\" Slappy stopped smiling as his father did the worst thing he could do. Stine began to refuse. \"I'm sure you're all very nice and kind people. But we would prefer to keep to ourselves. And for that I apologise.\" The writer apologised as kindly as he possibly could. \"But dad!-\" Slappy tried reason with him. \"Oh. Well, that's a shame. Maybe some other time then.\" The lady took it rather well. \"Maybe the big Halloween festival-\" \"We'll think about it.\" Stine answered as he closed the door. The woman just stood at the door with a dumbfounded and confused look on her face. She just let out a quiet hmm sound before walking away from the house. Stine looked out the window anxiously as he watched the woman leave. He took a breath of relief when she disappeared out of his sight. \"That was getting a little annoying, eh Slappy?\" He spoke rather casually. Stine looked up when he heard nothing from his son. \"Slappy?\" The writer heard the sound of something dropping to the floor as he turned around. Stine went wide eyed when he saw the fruit basket on the floor with some apples rolling out and a banana falling out. But Stines' attention was on Slappy and the enraged look on his face along with both his hands tightened into fists. Stine was about to say something when Slappy let out a yell. \"YOU ALWAYS DO THIS!\" He shouted at the top of his lungs. \"EVERY TIME WE MOVE SOMEWHERE YOU ALWAYS TELL PEOPLE TO STAY AWAY FROM US!\" Stine realised what he had just done as Slappy continued to stare at him with volcanic anger and stepped over the basket of various fruits. \"Slappy, I know you're upset.\" Stine tried to calmly reason with Slappy. \"Please understand-\" \"No! No, I'm sick of it!\" Slappy continued to yell. \"I'm sick of hiding just because you say so! I'm sick of being forced to move to a new town just because one of my monster brothers or sisters gets out and runs amuck! I'm sick of you making me hide in an old house just because you can't stand being near other people! What's the point of this stupid magic you used on me if I can't go outside and make actual friends!? You keep me locked in a house like you did when I was still a piece of pine wood! Is it really too much to ask, Papa!?\" Slappy took a deep breath before he continued. Stine watched with wide eyes as he listened to his sons continued rant. \"I want to be human. But you're treating me like a China doll. And I hate it! I hate moving to another state every time something happens! I hate this house! I hate that stupid typewriter you created me with!\" Slappy continued to stare and rant at Stine as he turned around to climb the stairs. \"And I especially hate y-!\" Stine gasped as Slappy didn't watch where he stepped and slipped on the fallen banana. Slappy let out a short scream as he fell forward; the top half of his face hitting the staircase with a loud thud. Stine quickly ran and kneeled down as Slappy lied motionless on the floor. \"Slappy!?\" He gently shook the boy's shoulder. But Stine froze when he noticed green liquid leaking from the part of the boy's face that lied on the floor. Stine flinched as he heard a light moan come from Slappy. The writer silently panicked as the boy slowly but surely sat up with painful sounds. Stine only saw the right side of Slappys' face as his eye blinked in discomfort. Stine stared in concern as Slappys right eye went in his direction. \"Papa?\" He managed to let out a painful sounding whimper as he turned his face. Stine gasped as Slappy looked at him in full view. But Slappy did not understand why. \"W-what's wrong?\" Stine began shaking as he continued to stare at the open wound in Slappys face. But it was not anything like a regular or hazardous injury. Green fluid was leaking out of a massive gash in Slappys' face that took off a heavy amount of skin; revealing something inhuman underneath. A wooden texture stuck out next to the leaking fluid and what skin was still there along with a glassy looking eye and wooden eyebrow. Stine tried to sound as calm as possible as he approached. \"Slappy, I need you to stay calm.\" He spoke gently. But Slappy reacted terribly. \"W-what do you mean stay calm?!\" He spoke in a shaky and scared voice. Without realising, Slappy brought his hand up to his face and touched the open 'wound'. He gasped in terror as he felt the hard wooden shell that was under his skin. Stine tried to stop Slappy as he got up and ran for the closest thing to a mirror in the living room; the glass antique cupboard. Slappy let out a horrified gasped as he looked at himself in the glass. He quickly turned away as he saw the green liquid leaking out; his breathing becoming heavy and he began to hyperventilate. \"Oh god. Oh god!\" His voice became distorted. Stine quickly but gently approached with caution as Slappy kept panicking. \"Slappy, try to stay calm.\" The writer spoke quietly and calmly. But Slappy just pushed him away and ran up the stairs hyperventilating. Stine thought of chasing after him when he heard the door to his room slam, but he knew Slappy needed to calm down a bit before Stine could help. Stine just quickly ran to his room and looked through the wardrobe. Stine bent down and grabbed a box; placing it on his bed. He opened it and took out an old looking book with a worn leather covering and odd looking symbols on it along with a large green bottle with glowing liquid inside it. Stine thought he needed all that before heading to Slappys' room. The writer stopped in front of the door and knocked. \"Slappy?\" He spoke and waited for a response. \"Slappy, I have your first aid kit.\" Stine only heard a sobbing sound in response. \"I'm coming in now.\" He said before turning the doorknob. Stine slowly opened the door to the now dark room. Stine almost cringed at the sight of some green liquid now staining the carpet; making it very visible by glowing. Slappy was sitting on his bed with his face in his hands; not wanting his father to see the open wound. But Stine had to see it if he was going to fix it. \"Slappy, I know you're upset right now.\" The writer spoke gently as he approached. \"But I need to see how bad it is so I can help.\" Slappy just curled up on the bed to hide his face; shaking as he did so. \"It's horrible!\" He muttered in a distorted voice. \"Come on now, I'm sure it's not.\" Stine tried to reassure him. \"I promise I won't stare at it for long. I just need to see what I have to do.\" Slappy stopped shaking and went silent. He looked up; only showing the undamaged portion of his face. \"You won't freak out?\" He asked; his voice still distorted. \"I think you did that for me.\" Stine tried to reassure him; rather poorly. Slappy just made a quiet noise before moving and showing his whole face. Stine could see the full wound now; seeing the wooden shell and glassy eye underneath with green liquid still leaking out. Stine looked at it for a few seconds before nodding; knowing what he had to do next. He opened the book and turned to a specific page with symbols and odd sounding words. Stine then picked up the bottle and opened it; letting out a small poof of green smoke. He held the smoking bottle in front of Slappys' face and began speaking a passage from the book. \"Hoc vulnere sauciatis mundabo sanguinem curaverat.\" Stine repeated the chant as he began to slowly wave the bottle in a circular motion. After a few seconds of this, the damaged portion of Slappys' face started glowing bright radioactive green. Slappy would have panicked if he didn't know what Stine doing, but he knew all too well enough not to panic. The wound suddenly began to heal and seal until it finally looked like it never happened. Stine stopped the chant and looked over Slappy just to make sure the spell worked. \"Looks fully healed.\" He observed. \"It might be a bit sore, but I can say that there's no sign of the injury.\" Slappy just sighed and turned away from Stine. Stine knew exactly what Slappy was thinking at the moment. The writer sat down beside him and put a hand on his shoulder. \"It's alright. It wasn't that bad this time.\" He tried to reassure his son. \"That's not the point.\" Slappy replied rather rudely. Stine just blinked in confusion before Slappy began to explain. \"Every time this happens, I just lose it.\" He began with a tired voice. \"I keep telling myself it won't happen again and I'll be careful. But then I get punched by some kid who thinks he's better than everyone else, or I get hit by car, or I just trip over my own leg. I just hate it! I hate being fragile and weak!\" \"Slappy, you're not weak.\" Stine tried to reassure him. \"I know when you lie to me, Papa; so don't!\" Slappy snapped at Stine. Stine quickly shut his mouth; even though he probably should have said something. Slappy looked down at the floor as he buried his face in his hands with a frustrated sigh. Stine watched as his son stayed like that for a few more seconds. \"Hannah's right.\" Slappy spoke quietly with melancholy in his voice as he continued. \"She's always right about me.\" Stine quickly put his arms around the boy and held him close. Slappy just looked up at Stine unemotionally. \"It doesn't matter what Hannah says about you, Slappy.\" Stine answered back as he held his son. \"She's in a dark place that she won't come out of.\" Slappy knew where Hannah was. She was in her manuscript like the others. He remembered how she tormented and ridiculed him; telling him he was just a stupid toy and Stine thought nothing of him. Without realising it, Slappy began to cry without noise. But the tears were there. \"She wasn't always like that.\" He sobbed as he wrapped his arms around Stine. \"Why did she change?\" Stine wish he knew why Hannah turned so dark. He wished he could find a way to change her back and set things right. Stine just sighed as he looked down Slappy and helped him dry his tears. \"I know it might be too late for it; but if you really want to, we'll go to the BBQ.\" Slappy looked up at Stine with his eyes wide like he was insane. Stine just continued talking. \"I don't really know if there'll be any kids your age there; but if you really want to go, we'll go.\" The writer finished. Slappy stopped staring and gave Stine a funny look before smiling a little bit. \"I'm twenty two, pops.\" He spoke as he wiped away the rest of his tears. Stine looked at him with a raised brow before returning the smile. \"Really?\" He questioned like he did not believe it. \"You don't look a day over thirteen.\" Slappy made a weird noise when Stine reached over and ruffled up the boy's hair. Before long, Slappy asked if Stine could let go now; which the writer did. Slappy took a short breath as he looked down at the floor; playing with his sleeves before speaking. \"So... I know it might be a bit much to ask. But, you think you'll ever enrol me in school?\" He asked hesitantly. Stine just shrugged in response. \"I really don't know, Slappy.\" The writer answered honestly. \"I'd have to figure out how to make you fully human. But that might take a long time.\" Slappy just shrugged in response; not sure if really cared about it right now. \"I can wait.\" He just said unemotionally as he laid back on the bed. Stine nodded before standing up; looking back at his son. \"I think I'll just order some pizza for dinner. You want to see what kind you want?\" The writer asked as he was about to leave the room. Slappy took a moment to think about it before getting up and standing up. \"Yeah okay.\" He agreed as he followed Stine out of the room. ","Summary":" AN: Just something I had to do for Writers group. This is basically an AU where Hannah and Slappys'"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Goosebumps 3","Author":"TheDRAGONMASTEROFBERK","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11949165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (R.L Stine's house the book room)(10:00PM) R.L Stine walked in and saw every single Slappy including Slappy's son and daughter Jackson and Rachel and his twin brother Wally. The window was opened. R.L Stine: Oh no(Said worriedly) Wally: Oh yes(Said evilly) R.L Stine: Where are the kids(Asked worriedly) Wally: Oh my brother thought it would be fun if his kids had a play date with your kids. As for the rest of the Slappy's they're around terrorizing the town. I know when you and Slappy pick up your kids you'll have a mess too clean Rachel and Jackson always get messy. Wally laughed evilly R.L Stine tried to run out. He screamed in pain as Wally bite his left ankle. R.L Stine kicked Wally off and hopped away. Wally: Wait Stine the kids aren't done with their play date and were not done with our business meeting(Called out) Wally laughed evilly R.L Stine took off in his car. He knew exactly where Jackson and Rachel had Hanna, Zach, and Champ. The Carnival grounds the fun house R.L Stine ran in he saw Champ, Zach, and Hanna lying unconscious, tied up, and with scratches and bruises but alive. He ran over too Hanna. R.L Stine: Hanna sweetie(Shook her lightly) Hanna: Dad(Woke up) R.L Stine: Hang on your going to be okay(He untied her) Champ and Zach: Dad(Woke up) R.L Stine: Kids I'm here you're going to be okay(Untied Zach and Champ) R.L Stine: Come on(Grabbed their arms and pulled them) They ran out, every single Slappy plus Wally, Rachael, and Jackson were in front of them. Rachael: Told you we would be back for our play date Jackson: Yeah, we just wanted you to meet our family All the dummies laughed evilly R.L Stine: Hey Wally I have an idea for our next business meeting(Keeping his arms out keeping the kids safely behind him) Wally: What is that Stine? R.L Stine: It's a new invention called, run!(Yelled)(They took off) They ran to the car and quickly got inside closing the door. He started the car. Hanna started too scream as the dummies started to attack the car breaking all the windows the side ones, front, and back. R.L Stine took off they got to the house, ran in and locked the doors and windows. R.L Stine: Here(Handed them all bats including himself) Hanna screamed as the dummies started breaking the windows. Champ's cell phone rang. Champ: Taylor now's not a good time(Answered it) Taylor: I found the type writer and wrote a book. You guys hang on I'm on my way. She hung up. There was pounding on the basement. Hanna screamed as a rock flew through the window and smashed into a lamp breaking it. Taylor ran into the backyard, grabbed a ladder, and climbed up to the roof. She walked over to the edge. Taylor: Hey(Yelled) All the dummies looked at her. Taylor: The family reunion is over(Yelled) She dropped the book on her right side on the roof and quickly ran off the roof. Hanna screamed and everyone huddled on the floor together as the whole house shook as the dummies got sucked in. When all the dummies were in the house stopped. Everyone stood up Taylor ran in. Champ: Taylor(Said happily) She ran into his arms they kissed. R.L Stine: Is everyone okay Zach: Yes R.L Stine: Taylor thank you, but did you have to do it on the roof! God! The kids laughed as R.L Stine went into the kitchen too get a glass of water. Champ: How did you know? And how did you get a hold of the type writer?(Him and Taylor sat down on the couch together holding hands) R.L Stine handed her a glass of water. Taylor: The minute I saw the dummies attacking the city I ran to the school. I got too the type writer before they did then locked myself in my basement and started typing. She took a drink of water. Taylor: The type writer is still safe in my basement. Do you want me to go bring it back to the school? R.L Stine: No, I'll do that in the morning, tomorrow's school anyways. Can you please go get it and bring it here? Taylor: Sure(Stood up) Taylor took off. ( The next day)(The afternoon)(School just ended)(One of the halls) Hanna: So dad why did you wait till morning to bring the type writer back? R.L Stine: After Lorraine died I regretted thinking about doing this. But I think it's time. Am I allowed to have a wife? Can you kids live with having a mom too not just a dad? Hanna: Of course dad(Hugged him) R.L Stine: The gym teacher just retired, I decided that your mom is going to be the gym teacher. Go, I'll be in the car soon, but when you get there open the book that saids Carly on it. Hanna took off to the car. THE END ","Summary":" (R.L Stine's house the book room)(10:00PM) R.L Stine walked in and saw every single Slappy includin"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Princess of Horrorland","Author":"princesshorrorlandgoosebumps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11934173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *2001* Princess of Horrorland Many years ago in Horrorland there was the Powerful King and Queen in the Haunted Mansion at the balcony looking at the view of the park hearing screaming and laughing of joy. The King and Queen went inside and went near the cradle and watch the new born baby girl sleep, they named her Charty and it was a very special name they gave her and they love her so much. The Queen kissed her baby on her forehead and put the warm blanket on top of her shoulders. \"Ghoul,\" the King called, and the female ghoul came upstairs to the King and Queens bedroom \"yes your Majesty,\" said ghoul Bow to him. \"I want you to look after my little girl for me\" said the King, \"yes your Majesty I will look after the Princess for you\" said female ghoul smiling at the King. \"Good, my Queen and I are going to Clarissa's house, Madame Doom and then the library, won't be long. And the Queen linked the Kings arm and went downstairs to the Haunted car. Horror opened the car for them and they both went in, Horror went in the car and started the engine, \"where did you want to go first your Majesty\" Horror asked, \"I want to go to Clarissa's house\" the King answered, and Horror nodded and went off driving. The ghoul is sitting on the chair near the fireplace and she heard Princess Charty crying in the cradle, she went over to the cradle and picked Princess Charty up and hold her for a bit until she backed to sleep, the baby cooed and the female ghoul smiled and put her back into the cradle and put the warm blanket on her shoulders. Chapter 1. Talking To Clarissa About Princess Charty Horror arrived to Clarissa's house and came out of the car and opened the door for them, The King and Queen went to the Clarissa's front door and knocked it. Clarissa opened the door, \"Good evening your Majesty,\" Clarissa greeted. \"Good evening Clarissa may we come in we need to talk, said the Queen. \"Yes your Majesty come in\" said Clarissa allowing them to come in. The King and Queen went inside and they both sitting on chair waiting for Clarissa to sit. Clarissa cleared her voice \"so what is you want to talk about your Majesty,\" Clarissa asked smiling at them, we want to talk about Charty our little girl, said the Queen. \"Ah you mean you want to talk about Princess Charty in her future,\" said Clarissa. \"Yes we want to know her future what would it be like,\" said the King crossing his arms. \"Well your Majesty in her future she will grow up into a very beautiful woman and rule Horrorland and the Princess has strong magic powers so she can use it for anything she wants,\" said Clarissa telling them about the princess future. \"Well what do think, should we find someone to marry her,\" said the King. \"I don't know much about that your Majesty maybe you should ask Madame Doom,\" said Clarissa being in silenced \"Thank you Clarissa it's nice to know about her future,\" said the Queen smiling at her. \"Your welcome your Majesty I hope we will see her again,\" said Clarissa smiling at her back. They both stand up went to the front door going outside. Clarissa closed the door and went to the windows watching them going into the Haunted car and driving off. The Queen asked Horror to go to Madame Doom, Horror nodded and went to Madame Doom, the King and Queen went out of the car and spoked to Madame Doom. \"Madame Doom we need to talk,\" said the Queen. \"Do you want to talk about Princess Charty,\" said Madame Doom. \"Yes we need to talk about Charty,\" said the King. \"What kind of husband would my little girl marry,\" said the Queen, Madame Doom went to check in her magic crystal ball she saw the Dummy, \"Well you may not like this your majesty,\" said Madame Doom scared what their going to say. \"What,\" said the King and Queen waiting for her to say it. \"Well she has to marry Slappy,\" said Madame Doom saying it quickly and scared. \"WHAT no I would not let that Dummy touch my daughter never,\" the King yelled and the light flickered. \" oh no he's here,\" said Madame Doom scared, the King and Queen hugged each other and the light stopped, Madame Doom, and King & Queen heard the rasped voice coming from the behind them, They looked behind slowly and Gasped they saw the Dummy. He has slicked dark brown wooden hair, dark brown eyes, wearing the tuxedo with the red bow and wearing the fake red flower on it. \"I heard what you said your Majesty,\" said Slappy showing his angry face. \"Said what Dummy! The King raised his voice. \"Who are you calling dummy, dummy,\" said, Slappy raised his voice. Slappy looked over at Madame Doom with the evil grin on his face. \"Thank you Madame Doom I heard her beautiful name coming from your mouth.\" Slappy looked up at the King and Queen and said, \"so your beautiful Princess name is Charty isn't it,\" said Slappy with his evil smile. \"What do you know about my daughter,\" said the King with the curious face. \"Oh you know I heard Madame Doom said that Princess Charty will marry me isn't she,\" Slappy asked. \"Yes but she will, but I won't let you touch her,\" said the King angry at him. \"Nonsense, she will be my bride, she will obey me and love me,\" said Slappy yelling at them. The Queen dropped her knees down, \"no please, please don't take my daughter she's innocent,\" said the Queen crying when her tear falls on her cheeks, \" my love please get up,\" said the King taking her hands pulling her up and hugged her. Slappy's eyes glow bright green using his powers to choke the King. The King hold his neck trying to breath and his Queen glows green eyes and use her powers to struck Slappy. \"GGAAAHHH,\" Slappy screamed and growled at the Queen and left. \"Your Majesty are you alright,\" said Madame Doom making a sad face, \"yes I'm alright but Slappy will never touch my little girl ever. \"But darling what should we do with our daughter,\" said the Queen worried about her husband and her daughter. \"Well we should go to the library and complete the book for our daughter and then take her to the human place called Madison,\" said the King. \"But your Majesty Slappy will come again you have to take your daughter before it's too late,\" said Madame Doom warning them, \"then me must go,\" said the King and the Queen nodded. They both left Madame Doom and went back to the Haunted Car, \"Horror take us to the library now,\" said the King and Horror nodded. Horror arrived to the library and the King and Queen went to the Library quickly, The King went to search Princess Charty of Horrorland book and found it, he went to the typewriter and complete the book. The Queen got the green diamond and the wand for her daughter she uses her magic and put in the wand and green diamond but now she doesn't have enough power left, her body is now weak and walked slowly to the King, the King had finally completed the book and saw his Queen walking slow. \"my love what happened to you,\" said the King running to his wife hugging her and worried. \"Don't worry my King I will be alright it's just that I put my powers in our daughter wand and the green diamond I don't have the power left I'm sorry….. said, the Queen feeling weak. \"Don't worry my love we will make it I just completed the book,\" said the King hugging her and stroking her. \"come on we have to go,\" said the King, and the Queen nodded. The King and Queen Went out of the library and went back to the haunted car, \" Horror take us back home I need to get my little girl,\" said the King talking to Horror quickly, \"Yes your Majesty,\" said Horror starting the engine. Horror drive the car as fast as he can and finally arrived to the Haunted Mansion, \"Are you sure you will stay in the car waiting for me my love,\" said the King worried about the Queen. \"Yes I will stay in the car just get our daughter out of here,\" said the Queen feeling sick. The King nodded slowly and rushed in the Haunted Mansion, \"Your Majesty your back what's going on,\" said the female ghoul curious about the King. \"I'm sorry I have to take Charty to the human place Madison,\" said the King rushing to get his baby girl. \"What your Majesty why,\" the ghoul said it in a shock. \"Because Slappy is coming for us and I want Charty safe or else she will die as well, I got to go don't have much time, said the King rushing outside and went in the haunted car. \" My Queen I got Charty, the Queen carried Princess Charty on her arms \"My child I will see you again,\" the Queen tears fell on her cheeks and continue crying. Arrived To Madison They finally arrived to Madison, Horror drive past the orphan and stopped the car, he turned to the baby girl with tears, \"I will see you again your highness we will miss and never forget you,\" said Horror turned to the front continue crying, the King and Queen are upset as well and went to take Princess Charty put her to the orphans front door, the King put the book next to the Princess and the Queen put the wand and the green diamond a top of the book and also the letter. \"Goodbye my child we will see each other again,\" said the King putting the shiny green necklace on his daughter neck. \"Goodbye my sweet daughter mommy will see you again,\" said the Queen crying and kissing her daughter on her forehead. They both left the baby girl and the woman opened the front door and saw the baby on the floor, she picked up the letter and read it. To whom you may concern please look after my daughter Charty for me, please make sure she's safe and the book, wand and the green diamond is her gift please look after it for her. Your sincerely Horrorland Hi I'm new here I hope you enjoy my story and sorry about my writing it does not make sense I think, but I hope you understand it and give me nice comment and I will go write another story thanks you ","Summary":" *2001* Princess of Horrorland Many years ago in Horrorland there was the Powerful King and Queen in"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Invisible Boy's Revenge","Author":"TheDRAGONMASTEROFBERK","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11949143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After the monsters got sucked back into their books everything seemed back too normal and peaceful except for a few crucial things Champs parents died so R.L Stine adopted him making him his son and Hanna's brother so that was both good and bad. And when R.L Stine wrote his last book he made Zach his son. Don't worry Zach and Hanna are still dating. But when R. L Stine sucked all the monsters back into his book he forgot the Invisible Boy. Counting from the end of the first one(End of school) R.L Stine: Zach Zach(Yelled)(Ran into one of the class room's) Zach: R what's wrong-please tell me you didn't forget any of the monsters(Said worriedly) R.L Stine shook his head yes R.L Stine: Come on(Grabbed Zach by the arm pulling him) They ran to the glass case. They saw that the Invisible Boy wrote more on the type writer. R.L Stine: Oh no(Said worriedly) Zach: What is it(Said worriedly) R.L Stine: Invisible Boy released all the monsters(Said worriedly) R.L Stine: Where's Hanna(Said worriedly) Hanna: Dad here I am(Ran into his arms) R.L Stine: Where's Champ(Said worriedly) He saw black words on the wall saying \" I heard and seen that you have a new son. I have him now and you're never going to see him again\"-Slappy. R.L Stine: Champ(Said worriedly) R.L Stine's house R.L Stine: Grab all the weapons you can He saw that the bear traps were all over the house. R.L Stine: Oh shit-grab the weapons and be careful where you step - Zach came out with a bag full of weapons. Zach: Okay A norm jumped at Zach he threw it against a wall breaking it. But he accidently stepped back. Zach: Screamed in pain(A trapped snapped onto his left ankle)(Fell to the floor) R.L Stine: Zach(Yelled worriedly) R.L Stine: Hanna stay back(Pushed her back) He grabbed a bat and sent all the bear traps that were in front of him flying into the wall. R.L Stine: Zach hang on(Said worriedly)(Ran over to him) He undid the trap and pulled him out. R.L Stine: Zach I need to take off your shirt R.L Stine took off Zach's shirt. Zach: Groaned in pain(R.L Stine wrapped it around his ankle) R.L Stine: You're okay kid you're going to be okay(Put his hands on his shoulders) R.L Stine: Come on(Helped Zach up and helped him walk) They got to the car and drove off it was already night. So Zach wouldn't get could R.L Stine put on the heater.- They got to the grocery store, they ran in they saw Champ floating in the air above a pool gasping in pain from the knife in his stomach. Hanna: Gasped The Invisible Boy pushed Champ into the pool and held him under water drowning him. R.L Stine: Champ(Said worriedly) He jumped into the pool, pulled Champ up, crawled out, laided unconscious Champ on the floor, pulled the knife out, held a cloth against his wound, and gave him mouth to mouth. Champ: Coughed up water R.L Stine: Champ(Said relivly)(Put a towel around him)(Hugged him) R.L Stine: Come on we have to get too my type writer(Helped him up) They ran out they saw Zach's mom and aunt hanging from a telephone line electrocuted. Zach: No mom, Aunt Lorraine(Crying)(Fell to his knees) R.L Stine: Kid I'm so sorry(Hugging him)(Zach crying) R.L Stine: After this is all over your coming to live with me okay(Holding him tight)(Rubbing his back)(Zach crying) Crying Zach shook his head yes. R.L Stine: Come on(Helped him up) They all got into the car and took off. It turned night. They got to the type writer at the school. The type writer said \" The longer the monsters are out the weaker Hanna will get\". R.L Stine: Oh no(Said worriedly) R. L Stine: Hanna (Said worriedly)(Hanna collapsed unconscious to the floor) Zach picked Hanna up in his arms, R.L Stine smashed the case with the fire exstinasher and grabbed his type writer. R.L Stine: Come on(They took off) They got too his house and ran in and locked the doors and windows. Champ looked out the window and saw all the monsters. Champ: Oh no Zach: In the back too, there surrounding the whole house R.L Stine: I need you two too hold them off while I type a story to send them all back and too save Hanna. R.L Stine: Here give her too me(Walked over to Zach) Zach put Hanna in R.L Stine's arms, as R.L Stine ran upstairs with his type writer and daughter. Zach and Champ grabbed bats. Meanwhile upstairs in R.L room where he was typing away on his bed with Hanna laying on the bed. R.L Stine: Hang on sweetie you're going to be okay(Typing) An arrow went flying into the window making a crack. R.L Stine: Oh shit The Annihilator 3000 froze the whole house very badly making the house freezing. R.L Stine heard Champ yell in pain as his hand froze to the window. He yelled in pain as some of his skin tore off as Zach helped pull Champ's hand off. R.L Stine gasped worriedly. R, L Stine: Oh no, come on(Whispered worriedly)(Typing) He finished and tore the page off it turned into a book. A gnome jumped through the window. R.L Stine kicked it hard into the wall smashing it. He threw the book out the window so it landed with the book open. All the monsters started getting sucked into the book. R.L Stine had to duck because the rest of the gnomes were hiding in his closet so they started flying out the window. All the monsters were in the book the house was back too normal including the window and closet door. Champ and Zach were all healed. Hanna: Gasped(Sat up)(Woke up) R.L Stine: Hanna(Said relivly)(Hugged her) They walked down the stairs. Champ and Zach: Hanna(Said happily)(Hugged her) R.L Stine: Are you two okay(Put his hands on Champs and Zach's shoulders)(Said concernedly) Champ: Yeah, were all healed R.L Stine: Oh my children(Said relivly)(Hugged them tight) R.L Stine: Listen, were going have a movie night okay, were going to have a fun relaxing night. Champ: Nothing scary Zach: And nothing sad R.L Stine: No nothing scary or sad, we had enough of that today(Laughed) He went outside, grabbed the book, threw it in the fireplace burning it then put in the movie \" Maleficence\". THE END ","Summary":" After the monsters got sucked back into their books everything seemed back too normal and peaceful "},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Pillars of Creation","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11901152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pillars of Creation The science lab hadn't fared too badly. Zach didn't know what to think about that. Maddison, Delaware had experienced a weird mix of October 31st scares and July 4th pyrokinetics, and Maddison High had been no exception. And yet, the science lab had escaped unblemished. Maybe it was indicative of the human psyche, that faced with the supernatural, the human mind could find no solace in the rational. Maybe rationality was anathema to demonic spawn, and they'd steered clear during their rampage. Or maybe it was just a coincidence, and he was trying to find connections between the plot points of life. \"Hey kid.\" Zach let out a yelp, his mouth wide open. And closed it a second later as he saw Stine enter the room. Still with his glasses, despite the efforts of a man-eating blob. Still with his broken fingers, courtesy of a psychopathic dummy. Still with the aura of…wrongness, he supposed. \"You okay?\" Zach remained silent. Part of his mind was racing, thinking of responses that ranged from the sarcastic, to the aggressive, to the murky realms that lay between. But he was too tired to give voice to any of them. He felt like he was caught up in a limbo, torn between the real and the fictional. That when he went home, and finally caught some sleep, he'd have to wake up knowing that the boundaries between the two were far murkier than he thought. \"You should get home.\" \"Nice of you to say, dad .\" He closed his eyes, fighting the urge for sleep. So his subconsciousness had chosen sarcasm. Great. That was better than walking over to Stine and breaking even more parts of his body. An appealing prospect, given the lack of monsters to destroy (not to mention that Stine wouldn't piece himself back together if he was beaten to a pulp), but weariness weighed him down. \"Yeah, well…\" Stine trained off. \"Nice joke.\" \"You're a writer. You should know what a good joke is.\" \"Well, in fiction, you…\" Zach scoffed. And it was all that needed to be said. But instead he finally met Stine's gaze, looking past him to the door to the hallway. Trying to ignore the way the moon shone through the windows, illuminating both of them. Conspicuously not turning them all sparkly and revealing themselves to be constructs that sociopaths created, caged, and allowed to be removed from the physical world. \"Do you think there's other writers like you?\" Zach asked eventually. \"What do you mean?\" I mean secretive, manipulative SOBs who- \"I mean, writers who had to do what you did. That they made their works real so they had to lock them up.\" Zach smirked. \"English was never my favourite subject, so I may have missed the memo.\" \"Oh,\" Stine said. \"Well, that's an interesting question.\" \"Yeah. Maybe I'll ask Steven King next time he's in town.\" Stine didn't react. And Zach fought the urge to scream. He wanted to hurt him. Break him. Wound him. Do all the things Slappy and his cronies had done to the town. Do those things, because it was all that was left. The other kids had seen the monsters. They hadn't seen Hannah. Champ knew, but whether he understood was another matter, especially since last he saw him was with Taylor. And Stine…Stine was all that was left. \"Never mind,\" Zach murmured, and he closed his eyes. He couldn't do it. Any of it. Not when in the end, he'd been the one to open the book. Not when he'd allowed himself to get emotionally invested in a girl he'd only known for a few days. Not when that girl had been a construct that- No. He opened his eyes again and looked forward. Real. The domain of science. \"Was it easy?\" he asked. He looked back at Stine. \"Creating her. Being a father. Lying to her.\" Stine paused, before saying, \"those have different answers.\" \"Start answering.\" Stine took a step forward. \"I don't have to answer any of them.\" Zach didn't budge. \"I didn't create monsters.\" \"And I didn't let them out.\" \"I didn't lie to Hannah!\" \"And I raised her!\" \"I…\" Zach couldn't finish. Because behind those glasses, he could see the truth. The anger in Stine's eyes. The one fact that he hadn't considered at all during the past few hours. That Stine was missing Hannah as much as he was. That for all his faults as a man and a father, Stine had at least raised her. He'd known Hannah for less than a week. Once more, he faced forward to the front of the classroom. To the periodic table hanging before him. \"Hydrogen,\" he murmured. \"Lithium, beryllium.\" He glanced at Stine, who murmured, \"boron, carbon…um…\" \"Nitrogen,\" Zach said. He smiled faintly. \"It's right up there.\" Stine returned the smile. \"Science was never my strong suit.\" \"But you knew how to create, didn't you?\" he asked. \"Create life. World's greatest scientists have never figured it out, yet you did it all in your noggin.\" \"I…\" And the smile faded. \"Yeah. I did.\" He sighed. \"Guess that makes me…I mean, her…incredible.\" \"Yeah,\" Zach murmured. \"She was.\" Once more, silence descended on the pair. The moon shone, beckoning Zach to sleep. His mind raged against the light, warning him of the nightmares that were to come. His heart, slowing down, prompted him against asking the final question. Could it be done again? Should it be done? Could Stine ever right his creations into the world once more? And the periodic table just hung there. The facts of life, the pillars of creation. Unable to account for another method of creation so far removed from science that it might as well have been magic. And so they stood there. Just long enough for the story to end. For what was life but a story that had to end eventually? A/N This was written when I saw Goosebumps , so, yeah, quite a bit of time between writing and posting. However, I do feel compelled to discuss the idea behind it. Long and short of it, I liked the film. It's undoubtedly a children's film, and I think children would get far more out of it than adults, but as an adult who read Goosebumps novels way back in the day, I could enjoy it. That said, there's two specific scenes that are probably me overanalyzing, but did spark two writing ideas. One of them being where Zach confronts Stine over Hannah's true nature, the periodic table is seen within the shot behind Stine's back. I can't help but wonder if this is intentional, framing the basic elements of the universe while discussing how Hannah had literally been created through artificial means. It could be a coincidence, but if it's a case of a visual motif complimenting the plot and dialogue, then it's a nice touch. Certainly got me to drabble this up at least. ","Summary":" The Pillars of Creation The science lab hadn't fared too badly. Zach didn't know what to think abou"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Legend of Princess of Horrorland","Author":"princesshorrorlandgoosebumps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12053810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Horrorland Many Years Ago, Horrorland was built by the Monsters that comes to life in Halloween, it was a huge Amusement Park for Humans to have fun and enjoy their rides. They will be given a ticket by the green monster who runs around the human place and knock their doors to tell children that they are invited with their parents to come to Horrorland. Monsters have the place in Horrorland that are very dangerous, Werewolf Village, The Doom Slide and The Coffin Cruise. There will be an announcement that humans can never leave or escape Horrorland because all monsters like to see humans being afraid of them and to know who they really are. Retch Announcing To Humans in Horrorland: HELLO EVERYONE THIS IS RETCH, IM ANNOUNCING TO ALL OF YOU FELLOWS IN HORRORLAND! YOU WILL NEVER LEAVE OR ESCAPE HORRORLAND! BECAUSE..., MONSTERS THEY ARE REAL..., THEY ARE SEEN..., THEY ARE HUNGRY..., AND THEY ARE YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE..., BE AFRAID. EVERYONE! WELCOME TO THE THEME PARK WHERE NIGHTMARES COME TO LIFE! ENTER HORRORLAND FOR THE VERY FIRST TIME TO HAVE FUN AND READY TO BE SCARED! HAVE FUN AND DONT FORGET TO SCREAM! VIEWER BEWARE, YOUR IN FOR SCARE. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH _ Hello everyone I hope you enjoy the story that I have written and you can search up: Princess Horrorland Goosebumps in Deviantart and you will see my name Princess Horror 2015. I will still continue my story….. thank you everyone. ","Summary":" Horrorland Many Years Ago, Horrorland was built by the Monsters that comes to life in Halloween, it"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"To Find a Good Man","Author":"onmute","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7925033","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Hi, it's been way too long since I've written anything, but here's a story for you. I loved this movie, but I can't cope with the idea of Danny dying. He's too tough for that, so here's my take on what happened post-phone call. TO FIND A GOOD MAN Two years, eleven months, thirty days and a handful of hours, minutes and seconds. That's how long it has been since she had last spoken to him, and she can't help but keep track of time. No matter how often she refuses to let herself cry over him, no matter how often the thought of him being better off dead enters her brain, it never consoles her. She refuses to let go of him. Even though the facts are as they are, Maddy cannot bring herself to just let him go. 3:26 PM. New York is alive beneath her, and she has a hard time allowing herself to be a part of it. She stands silently behind the large window of her office, blankly staring at the people below, but not really paying attention to them. They are a minor distraction, at best. In her hands, she holds her cell phone. The same one he had called her on two years prior. The same one with which she had begged him to tell her where he was. She knows it's hopeless, but she still wants and hopes so desperately to get another call from him that this is almost tradition, now. \" You gonna call me?\" \" Soon as I'm near a phone, ja.\" \" Yeah, right.\" Maddy hadn't been expecting that call to begin with. The memory of the sensation of her heart leaping up in her throat at the sound of his voice prods at her relentlessly, and she can't help but replay the rest of that conversation over and over in her head. That feeling of elation was fleeting, and it quickly turned to panic, then into denial. Grief inevitably followed. Grief was something she hadn't been able to cope with since then. She slowly turns the phone over in her hands, staring intently at the small screen, watching and waiting for it to light up. Praying that it will ring. Praying that Archer will be on the other line. 3:28. 4:15. No phone call. Just another year gone by . When six o'clock finally rolls around, Maddy pockets the phone once more as she gathers her things from her desk, and wordlessly makes her way out the door. She doesn't bother to say good night to anyone. She doesn't bother to stifle her emotions. Everyone in the office building and their mother knows full well why today is her day not to be disturbed, questioned or harangued. Nobody would dare challenge it. As the elevator doors shuts behind her, she finds herself exceedingly thankful that no one else had decided to join her on the ride down. As the floors descend in number, she worries her lip with her bottom teeth, turning the phone in her palm, finally drawing it out again and tapping the 'on' key. In the received calls roster, only one number remains. It isn't because she hasn't received any other calls, but rather because the only number she ever wants to see is his. The name Daniel Archer stares back up at her in bold, black text. 18 October 1999 3:24 PM - 3:36 minutes. His voice echoes in her head insistently. It was almost as if his ghost was haunting her, and she wishes that for just one moment, the voice was real. She wishes he were here. I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be. When the elevator doors opens, she steps out, makes her way through the lobby without giving any regard to the door man, and moves into the chill, damp autumn evening. The subway ride is uneventful, and somehow it seems so quiet. Maybe she has been too lost in her own thought to notice anything, but from the moment she gets on the train to the moment she gets off, makes her way to her apartment, goes up to the 4th floor and shuts her apartment door behind her seems like only an instant. She keeps turning the phone over in her palm. She keeps hearing his voice. It wouldn't have been that hard to get to Kono. She could have chartered a plane and been there in an hour or less, and if he'd just had the sense to sacrifice his pride and let her know where the hell he was, maybe she would still be in Guinea. Maybe they would be together. Maybe they wouldn't; she couldn't say for sure. The one thing she is sure of was that he would have still been alive. When the heavy door shuts behind her, she drops her keys into the small wooden dish on the table in the foyer. Maddy slumps against the door and brings a hand to her forehead, trying to coax away an oncoming headache. The stress of the day combined with the painful memories she has forced herself to relive makes the dull ache quickly turn into a rather painful throb, and for just a moment she manages to turn her attention away from Archer and to the Excedrin in the kitchen. She drags her feet with every step. Thank god this day is almost over. Not that tomorrow would be much different, but at least the sting of the memory won't be as strong, then. At least tomorrow, she'd have some control over how much she could suppress it. After she had written and published the article on Van De Kaap and after Solomon and his family had been reunited, that front of strength that she'd forced herself to put on just kept on tumbling down in chunks. There was nothing she could do to stop it, and frankly, she didn't care to. It just took too much effort to not be sad. As Maddy made her way into the kitchen, she passes her answering machine, and gives it a quick, irritated glare, noticing the flashing red light and the 01 next to it. A voicemail. She can only give a short, dry laugh and pass it by without a second thought. Of all days, today is the one day someone would choose to leave her a voicemail on her home phone. It seems almost like an insult. Like rubbing salt in her wounds. After dry-swallowing two Excedrin, she manages to scrounge up something relatively edible from her fridge, and sits solemnly at the small island in the middle of the kitchen perusing the day's mail and picking at a piece of cantaloupe. Bills and advertisements, mostly. Even with the distraction of domestic life, he still lingers in her mind. He still pulls at her heartstrings, and that ragged, heavy voice of his won't leave her alone. T.I.A. \"God damn it.\" Maddy slumps forward like a rag doll, headfirst into a pile of envelopes. He is exhausting. Even in death, the man is absolutely incorrigible. Even in death, he will not let her be. He is all she can think about today. In fact, he is all she can think about most days, but today is particularly difficult. \"God damn it, Archer.\" She mumbles to herself in the crook of her arm, punctuating her displeasure with a dramatic sigh. Minutes tick by and Maddy refuses to move. She is thoroughly spent. Mind, body and soul, just spent. If ever there was a part of her life that she desperately wanted to hang on to and erase all at once, Archer was that part. It is times like these that his memory is almost too much to bear. His stony, serious eyes; that ridiculously catty grin, that sandy hair – She misses him wholly, and there is nothing that can console her. She's gone right off being hungry, and the cantaloupe will have to be saved for another day. She puts the nibbled piece of melon back into the fridge, and goes pacing slowly around her apartment, thinking about everything and nothing all at once. Maddy wants a distraction so badly that she'd even consider buying it at this point. She supposed this was karma kicking her ass for not demanding that he get on that plane with her. This was her punishment for not insisting that she go with him; for not letting him insist back. Back and forth across the floor. Over to the window. Maybe the television? No. Not tonight. Maddy thrusts her hand deep into her pocket to palm the cell phone once again. She is still holding out for that call just as she'd done for the past two years, and even though she knows damn well that there would be no call, she still hopes for it. There is nothing to distract her from it except the possibility of sleep, and even then she knows that getting to sleep would be a chore in itself. Crossly, Maddy checks the time on the wall clock. Only 8:22. She gives the phone a final squeeze before letting go of it and rolling her head back to release an exhausted sigh. Might as well go to bed. At least tomorrow is Saturday. She hadn't expected to wake up to rain, but rain is what wakes her up. A loud crack of thunder sounds ominously in the distance, followed by a weak flash of lighting a few seconds after. Groggy and both eyes still filled with sleep, she pulls the down comforter closer to her and nestles herself deeper within its warmth. Thank God I don't have to go in today, she thinks to herself. She isn't sure if she could deal with braving this weather, anyway. Not today at least. She definitely doesn't have the energy to, that much is certain. Maddy gives a soft moan and turns her face into the pillow, waiting for the next thunderclap to come. She thinks quite seriously about spending the day in bed. A little recuperation doesn't sound like that bad of an idea. No human interaction for a day would be nice. Just as she settles for another few hours of sleep, she suddenly becomes acutely aware of the fact that the phone is clattering away on the night table next to her. When she manages to finally pull herself up into a position that is reminiscent of sitting, she cranes her neck just enough to get a view of the caller ID. She stares at it for a moment, eyebrows knit. (000) 0000 0000 is the number listed. She considered it for a moment. Not a US format. African? Possibly, but the numbers were all zero. If it is anyone she knows, they will leave a message, probably. If it isn't important, they will leave her be. It isn't her problem today, she reminds herself. Once Maddy wraps herself back up in her warm cocoon of blankets, the phone continues to ring but she does her best to ignore it and get back to sleep. It doesn't matter that it is nearly 11 in the morning, today is a mental health day and she's allowed to sleep in. If anonymous caller has a problem with it, then so be it. Click Hi, you've reached Maddy. I'm either at work, on the computer or overseas. Leave me a message if you want to. I can't promise I'll call back, though! Thanks! The tape begins rolling. There is background chatter. She can make out some of the muffled words, some French and some English. The person on the line clears their throat, and then there is a moment of silence before a voice is heard. \"Ah, I was hoping you'd pick up or I hadn't missed you. Can't call your cell phone, you know.\" The voice on the other line causes her to sit bolt upright in bed. \"I'm guessing you either didn't get my voicemail or aren't home, huh? Either that or I've scared you shitless and you don't want to talk to me.\" A knot in her throat the size of a softball begins to rise. She tries in vain to swallow it back down, but it's definitely not going anywhere. Eyes as wide as saucers and heart beating a mile a minute, she reaches desperately for the handset on the side of the bed, and grapples it with shaking hands. She jams her finger against the TALK button and answers the voice. \"Who is this?\" She is stern. Her voice is shaking, but she is deadly serious. \"Oh so there you are. Here you ask if I'm going to call and then you don't bother to answer, huh?\" His tone is as nonchalant as ever. \"Who the fuck is this? I'm not going to ask you again.\" There is a short moment of silence. The sound of a throat being cleared again. Shuffling. \"I can't tell you anything right now, Maddy. I can't say a word because there might be someone trying to find me, huh? I can't tell you, but you know who this is.\" His voice had gone a bit hushed. \"I know you don't believe it, I can't blame you. But please, listen to me.\" It can't be him. He's dead. It becomes a mantra in her head as she listens to the voice on the other line. \"I've still got some friends, ja? Some connections. I've got a man setting something up for me. I might be taking a trip soon, huh? You keep your phone lines open. I'll need to contact you. Not your cell though, I don't trust cell phones.\" \"What-\" \"No, I can't right now. I can't answer anything, but I'm okay, ja? I'm okay. I'm not as dead as you or some others would think.\" There was a moment of silence. Maddy's eyes had filled with tears, and they were threatening to spill over, just like the rain coming down outside. She chokes back a sob and brings her hand to her mouth, trying to stifle herself. This is a dream, isn't it? It has to be a dream. He was dead. \"I'm gonna call you again in a day or so. I've got some information I can't trust with anyone else. I don't know anyone else. You've got to promise me. You need to be there when I call. And I will call, huh? You can bet on that.\" \"I – I don't… How do I know it's you?\" He sighs heavily, and she can almost hear the cogs in his head turning. She has a point; it could be anyone with the ability to reproduce a very convincing South African accent and his trademark vitriol. \"You're gonna have to take my word on this one. Please, Maddy.\" Another moment of silence. Her heart thunders away in her chest, almost as loud as the storm outside. If she didn't know better, she guessed he could have heard it beating away. Again, she swallows thickly and her grip on the phone tightens. This has to be a dream. \"Where –\" Her voice cracks. \"Where are you?\" \"I can't tell you that right now. Really, I shouldn't even be talking to you.\" She doesn't respond. There's nothing she can do to make herself say anything, although her mind is overflowing with question after question and then some. It's becoming difficult to even make sense of this situation at all. How is he alive? Where has he been? What does he mean by 'taking a trip soon', and to where? \"I'll call you again, huh? I'll call you. I swear.\" And the line goes dead.[Chapter 2] Monday morning. She refuses to go to work, and calls in sick. Says she has come down with something horrible; probably because of the rain and weather. Since that phone call, all Maddy has managed to do is pace her apartment, swear at no one, and cry out loud. She is sure that at this point, her neighbors above her probably think she's losing her mind. They aren't too far off. Eating has been put on the back burner, as well as sleeping, bathing, and anything that does not involve thinking about Danny Archer. She keeps the phone with her at all times, waiting for him to fulfill that promise. She knows he will call again, she just doesn't know when. In the three or four times the phone has rung so far, she has never picked it up past the first ring. There will be no chance of voicemail getting the calls, now. It's 8 AM. She's already been up for three and a half tiring hours when the phone finally rings for the first time today. In a panic, she snatches the phone away from the coffee table and stands upright, handset pressed hard to her ear. \"Hello?\" Her voice is strained. \"Ja, hi. It's me.\" She breathes a deep, but shaky sigh and a feeling of relief washes over her like a wave. It's him. Hearing his voice is like music, and though she forces herself not to gush and bawl like a baby at him, she feels that familiar knot rising once more. It's difficult to suppress and makes talking very hard. \"H-Hi.\" \"Hello Maddy.\" She isn't sure what to say to him. \"So. You called.\" \"I said I would , huh?\" There's an almost happy tone to his voice, and it's maddening. After the greeting, there is another moment of silence. She slides down to the floor against the wall, knees buckling close to her chest. She shuts her eyes and just listens. She can hear him breathing. She can imagine the rise and fall of his chest. Another sure sign that he's alive, and most definitely not dead. It's so good to hear him breathe. \"So anyway, I've got a minute or two to talk now; I'm not on a pay phone.\" She bites her lip. \"Where… where the hell have you been? What happened?\" \"Ah. Much as I would like to tell you, I can't just yet. I'm not out of the woods yet. I wanted to tell you I'm gonna be going on a trip soon, so you may or may not hear from me for a while, huh?\" \"You planning on dying again?\" Another stretch of silence. A silence so deadly serious she thinks for a moment that it might actually be a possibility. \"Ja, well. I can't really say. I'd like to stay alive at least long enough to get where I'm going, huh? You understand.\" \"Not really, no.\" \"Well. You will in time.\" The two remain on the line with one another, just listening. Not wanting to say anything to ruin this awkward reunion. Maddy is gripping a handful of her hair and tugging on it, eyes shut tightly, trying desperately to push the tears back. Her head is on her knees. She wants so badly to be able to put up a front, but she is finding it exceedingly difficult. Her heart wells up with so much emotion she can hardly bear it, and all the while, the most painful silence continues between them. She can't hold it back anymore. She chokes, loudly. A gasp. She sniffles into the sleeve of her arm and wipes away the tears as best she can, mostly smearing them all over her face. \"I missed you,\" she manages. \"I thought… I don't know. I don't know what I thought.\" \"Shh, it's alright, now.\" He tries to comfort her, but it's never been his strong suit. \"I'm alive and well, huh? I'm okay, I told you. Don't cry, you great big baby.\" Maddy can't help but smile at that, and she lets out a loud, childish laugh before sniffling again, rubbing her cheeks red. He's still such an asshole. \"You can't tell me about this… trip?\" \"Not yet, no.\" \"Are you leaving Africa?\" He is silent, but she can imagine him setting his jaw and giving her a steely glare. She probably shouldn't have asked that. \"I told you Maddy, I can't say. Everything's gonna make sense in time, I promise. I said I'd call you, huh? And I did. So please trust me, I'm gonna tell you everything when I can.\" \"But when-\" \"Soon, alright? I said soon now, so don't push it. You ask a lot of questions, you know that?\" \"I am a journalist.\" \"So you have been, and so you are.\" He laughs coolly. \"Listen, I'm sorry I didn't call you sooner.\" \"Well, you called on Saturday.\" \"I know, I meant sooner than that, huh? I've been off the map.\" \"You were dead for two years.\" \"Ja, well as far as anyone but you, me and a few others are concerned, I am still very much dead, you understand? I am not around.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Good.\" It was starting to make sense. She couldn't figure out the circumstances of anything, but Maddy did sort of understand, to a point. How he had managed to stay alive was a mystery, and how he had managed to stay hidden for two years was another feat in itself. Despite Van De Kaap suffering significantly for the schemes Archer had helped her uncover, it was still very much alive and well, and was still a very prevalent company with very prevalent powers. She supposed that those powers were none too happy with Archer. Staying 'off the map', as he put it, only made sense. \"…Are you going to call again?\" \"Ah, well, that's a tough one. I'm going to say no, not for a long while. I can't say how long that's going to be exactly, but I'd reckon more than a few weeks.\" \"But… you will call again, right?\" \"We'll see.\" And almost as if he's forgotten the purpose of the phone call in the first place, his voice springs to life. \"Oh hey, while I've got you, I need to know, have you got an address I can send something to? Home, if it's possible. I don't trust sending this to an office.\" \"My address? I… what are you sending me?\" \"Christ, I told you I can't answer anything yet. Do you or do you not have somewhere to receive packages?\" \"…Yeah. I do.\" She pauses, rubbing her temples. He is exhausting. \"You have a pen?\" \"Ja, just a second.\" The sound of shuffling paper. \"Alright, go on.\" As she reads the location off to him, her mind is racing. She can't lose him again. She can't let him go and then never hear from him again, and to her, it sounds like that's exactly what he wants to do. It sounds to her like this is just some 'farewell' that he is giving her out of courtesy. But then, why would he have called in the first place? Wouldn't he have just kept silent about being under wraps? None of it makes any sense, and she wants some answers desperately, but knows full well that he is too stubborn to give her any, and his words are too tricky for her to believe them anyway. \"Thanks, huh? Keep an eye out. I'll be sending you something soon.\" She swallows her questions. As difficult as it is to accept, she has to. \"Alright.\" There is another silent streak. There seems to be a lot of those, when he is on the phone. What a stark contrast to their continuous back and forth when in person. It's almost refreshing, in a way. \"…You know,\" He begins. \"I didn't mean to… I dunno. Worry you, I guess.\" She laughs. \"You didn't mean to worry me? You called me and I thought you were dying. I was expecting to be asked out on a date or something.\" \"Hey, I was fucking dying, huh? I was bleeding out.\" He sighs. \"But… I know what you mean. I just… didn't expect to live. If I knew I was going to make it, I wouldn't have given you a ring.\" \"How gentlemanly. Hey Maddy , I'm dying, have fun dealing with that! Oh, and make sure Solomon's son doesn't get shot or killed or anything.\" There was a tangible bite in her words. \"Watch what you say, huh? I can't say who might or might not be listening in.\" His voice had become hushed, and she could practically imagine that hardened gaze of his. She swallowed her next retort quickly. The last thing she wanted to do was to put him in any more danger than he might already be in, and she especially didn't want to lose him to her sharp tongue. Hopefully, there would be time for verbal lashings later. For now she would have to put her frustration in her pocket, and be content that Archer was not dead, and had time to talk to her. \"Sorry.\" \"Ja, well, listen Maddy – I better get going. Like I said, you'll be getting something from me soon, huh? I'll try and keep you updated on when it's arriving.\" \"Thanks. Thanks… for calling me.\" Again, the line goes completely dead. Maddy can't move the phone from her ear. She sits there pressing the earpiece to her head, wishing the dial tone would give way to his voice once again, but when it doesn't, and when it inevitably goes silent, she presses the 'OFF' button and is once again left on the floor, reeling. \"Maddy…\" No response. \"Hey, Maddy?\" \"Huh?\" \"We're gonna go grab some lunch. Do you want to come?\" \"Oh. Um, no, I can't. I've got… a few things I'm working on. But thanks, Leah.\" The short blonde girl stares at her coworker as she leans against the door frame of Maddy's office. She gives the other woman a peculiar look, and cocks her head disdainfully. \"Alright. Well, I'm going to bring you back a salad anyway, and you better eat it, okay?\" She shrugs her shoulders with concern. \"Okay.\" She responds by offering Leah a small lie of a smile. She hasn't been eating or sleeping well since she last spoke with Archer, and it is showing. She's losing weight, and there are bags starting to form under her eyes. She looks perpetually exhausted, and no one in the office can figure out why, exactly. Some of them have their hunches, but no one knows for sure. She does know that people have been talking. Not only about her demeanor, but because she has been so distracted. Her work has been late, she's been a complete recluse, and she is a shell of the Maddy they all used to know. Today, she busies herself with catching up on late projects. She was writing an article for the Times about her travels in Africa, but every other sentence she manages to jot down seems to be peppered with remnants of Mr. Danny Archer. She begins writing about the wide, beautiful savannah and finds herself wondering in her words about what he must have seen as he lay there, wherever he was, dying. She stares scornfully at the screen, and jams down the backspace key until the words disappear. Another sigh. She leans forward, head in her hands, still stressed. She just wants to know where he is. If he is okay. What the hell he is sending to her. There are far more questions than answers, and for once, she finds herself uncomfortable with that. Strange, for a journalist. She watches the cursor blink against a white field, and her mind is a whirlwind and blank all at once. There are so many things she wants to write, but nothing that she thinks anyone will be willing to read. BEEP BEEP. BEEP BEEP. The phone startles her. Her eyes widen and she feels her pulse quicken, though she knows it is most likely not Archer. Quickly, she picks up the receiver. \"This is Maddy Bowen.\" \"Hello, Miss Maddy.\" She slumps back into the chair and heaves a sigh. The voice is male, and it is familiar, but it is not Danny. \"Oh my goodness, Solomon, hi. It's, uh… been a while. Nice to have you call.\" \"Yes, it has been some time and it is nice to hear your voice. I wish I had called simply to talk, but ah, I was… I have some information I was asked to give to you, but I am not sure if a phone call is the best way to… tell you. Is… do you have a… ah… a fax… machine?\" \"Oh, a fax? Yes, we have one.\" She pauses and knits her eyebrows thinking seriously about what she is being told. There isn't a question in her mind that Archer is using Solomon as a delivery boy, and though that strikes a nerve in her, she knows that he is doing it of his own volition. His arm isn't being twisted this time. \"Um. Solomon...\" She leans forward in her chair. \"Can you tell me who asked you to contact me?\" Silence. \"…He is… a friend.\" She pauses, contemplating what that could mean. \"Do I know this friend?\" \"You have known him. This is all I can say. He will tell you whatever else you need to know by himself.\" \"Ah. I see.\" After a quick exchange of numbers, she manages to get him to talk for a few moments about his family; his son. She asks how Dia is doing, and is more than happy to find out that he is in high school now, and he is an excellent student. He still has aspirations to be a doctor. Despite all that they have been through, they are all happily living in London, and are living a modest but comfortable life with the money from the pink. Things are well for them. She wishes she could say the same for herself. There is an unspoken tension between them; it is as if Solomon wants to divulge more than he is allowed to, but he has learned of Archer's anger in the past, and has no desire to stoke it again. After they hang up with one another, Maddy is left to sit in her chair and ponder. She thinks seriously about what he could possibly be sending her, but has little time to think too deeply, as her fax machine sounds off with a high pitched whine behind her. She spins around in the chair and watches intently at it prints. Inch by inch, black toner forms words on the paper, and as soon as the print heads stop, she snatches the sheet from the output tray. Her eyes scan the paper intensely. It is hand written. TO MADDY BOWEN PLEASE SAVE THIS NOTE SOLOMON SENT THIS FOR ME TELL HIM THANK YOU FOR ALL HES DONE - AND I WILL CONTACT YOU SOON PLEASE DO NOT TRY TO REACH ME OR CALL SOLO AND ASK ANY QUESTIONS JULIET FOXTROT KILO 11 NOVEMBER 2002 NUMBER 2339 9PM D.A. She stares at the paper, reading it over and over again. Juliet Foxtrot Kilo… what does that mean? It makes no sense to her. She narrows her eyes at it and scans it once more, but fails to make heads or tails of it, despite how hard she's trying. There's one thing she does know, though. D.A. is Danny Archer. That is his handwriting. She suddenly wishes so badly that somehow, Solomon had sent the actual note, if only it meant having a piece of him closer to her. He is so frustrating that she can barely express it. With a final, decisive sigh, she folds the note and slips it into her pocket, alongside that cherished cell phone. She'll have more time to look it over once she gets home – once her head has cleared a bit.[Chapter 3] Three days pass without any further contact from either Solomon or Archer. She has been left waiting and confused once again, with a cryptic note written partially in phonetics and horrific grammar. November 11 is the only part that makes any real sense to her. It's a date, obviously, but for what she still has no idea. She reads the note every day, hoping that each time she casts her eyes upon the sheet of paper, some great mystery will be revealed. Unfortunately, the only real thing that is made clear to her is that Archer is being an ambiguous bastard. She understands why he has to be, but that doesn't mean she likes it. Even with this little contact, as brief and confusing as it has been, she gains some sort of short-lived inner peace that helps her power through the day. Knowing Archer is at least alive has given her a way to drown out the outside world and get things done. So long as her mind lingers on him, she can function. She hasn't told anyone at all about anything. It isn't as if they would care or even understand the significance of his life, but having that little secret all to herself causes some kind of happiness to blossom in her heart. When she arrives home on the 11th of November, she is partially hoping to see some kind of package in her mailbox. Maybe another pink that no one was told about? Maybe some kind of package full of additional names and numbers she can use in her journalism. Maybe even something more profound than that. But as she pushes the key into the lock and turns it, the door to the mail box swings open and there is nothing but envelopes. She scans through them quickly, searching for one without a return address. Maybe one that has been hand-written. All that looks back up at her is a pile of advertisements and bills. As she holds the pile of mail out in front of her, she bows her head and gives a sigh, her eyebrows knit. She isn't sure what this means. Her first instinct is to rush upstairs to her apartment and call Solomon, time differences be damned. But she remembers the note safely lodged in her pocket, and Danny's explicit request to NOT contact anyone. \"Damn it.\" Her voice is low as she whispers the curse to herself. Frustrated, she slams the door to her mailbox shut and retrieves the key, then enters the elevator. The ride up to her floor is maddeningly slow. After she's locked her apartment door behind her, she draws the note out of her pocket again, and scours it, trying to turn every single possibility over in her head. 11 November. Obviously, that is today. The phonetics still make no sense – at first she considers that it might stand for JFK, as in John F. Kennedy International Airport, but the concept seems so silly she doesn't consider it for any longer than it takes her to think of it. The four digit number is as ambiguous as ever, but 9PM is clearly the time of day. What is supposed to happen at 9PM? There are no instructions other than not to contact anyone. She would have to trust him. After a shower and a dinner of leftover Thai food, Maddy manages to force herself to relax as much as possible. She lays out on the sofa in her living room coddled in blankets, the TV playing CNN International. More bad news; it never mattered which channel you chose. In retrospect, it probably isn't the wisest choice in the world, but what could she say? She is a glutton for punishment, and everyone knows it. She looks up at the wall clock occasionally. 7:24. 8:12. 8:56. When the hands on the face read 9, she pauses. She listens. She waits. For what, she isn't sure. Maddy hopes that something, anything will happen. She wills the phone to ring. She silently begs her fax machine to turn on. Still, it is as quiet as ever. Nothing spectacular or notable about 9PM. Minutes tick by. When 9:30 rolls around she crosses her arms at the note she had left out on the coffee table. \"Ridiculous.\" She isn't really talking to anyone in particular, but the fact remains that she's followed instructions, and to no resolution. It's November 11. It's past 9PM. Not a damn thing has happened. Momentarily, she considers staying up as late as she possibly can to see if anything occurs; if the elusive creature known as Archer decides to step out of the shadows and make contact. She isn't counting on it, so she thinks better of wasting her energy. She turns the volume down on her television set so that it is barely audible, and grabs a pillow for herself from a nearby armchair. She'll stay awake until she succumbs to sleep. It is all she can do, for now. \" Hello, Maddy Bowen –\" \" Yeah.\" A heavy gasp. \"Thought I'd never call, huh?\" \" And I'm so glad you did! Um… when am I gonna see you?\" \" Maddy – I want you to do me – one more favor, huh?\" He sniffs wetly. \"I want you to go meet Solomon in Conakry.\" \"… In Guinea. Why do you want me to go to Guinea?\" \" We found his son, but-\" It's getting harder for him to speak, now. Gasps and panting becomes more frequent than the words themselves. \"He's gonna need some help. You understand...Maddy?\" He lets out a grunt of pain and brings his hand to the bullet wound. The pain is intense. \" You're hurt… Are you hurt?\" \" Ja, well, I've got a little problem here…\" He sniffs again, trying to hold his composure. \" Okay. You, um… You tell me where you are.\" She gets no response, only the sound of a Cessna engine. \"…Archer?\" \" I'm looking at… at an Incredible view, right now.\" He sighs, his voice wavering. Sincere. \"I wish you were here, Maddy.\" \" Okay, then I'm coming to be with you, you just tell me where you are.\" Another sigh. \"I don't think so.\" \" Are you still in Kono?\" She nearly chokes on her words. \"Because I can get someone there to help you.\" \" Maddy, you find someplace safe for the boy, a'right? And keep him out of sight. And get Solomon to London. He-\" Archer is panting again, the pain piercing through his words, although he tries in vain not to let it. \"He's bringing something with him, and he's gonna need your help.\" Nearly in tears, she pleads with him, childlike and afraid. \"Why aren't you bringing it yourself?\" \" I'm saying – it's a real story, now. And you can write the hell out of it.\" There is silence between them, aside from his labored breathing. She is lost for words. \" I'm really happy I met you. You know that?\" He wants so much for her to understand that he means every word of it. He wishes he had the heart to say more. \" Yeah, I'm um – I'm really happy I met you too. And… I wish I could be there with you.\" \" That's alright.\" He manages. \"I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be.\" \" Archer?\" \"Archer-!\" She gasps, sitting bolt upright on the couch. Her heart is pounding. There are hot tears on her cheeks, and that detestable familiar lump has risen up in her throat like a rock. She tries to swallow it, and paws at her eyes with the backs of her hands. It was a dream. Only a dream. As she rubs the tears and sleep out of her eyes, she slowly lets them adjust to the TV still glowing in the dim of the room. She squints at the wall clock, and it says 10:22. She's been asleep for barely an hour, but it feels like days. Her limbs are heavy and every motion is tinted with sleep. She is uncomfortable, for lack of a better word. Almost instantly, her attention is drawn to the wrinkled note on the coffee table. For a moment, relief fills her from top to bottom. It was a dream. He's alive. He is alive. It takes her a second to realize though, that the note was essentially meaningless. How typical of him. First he calls her and causes her heart to break for him, and then suddenly reappears out of thin air three years later, bearing cryptic messages and notes sent by messengers who should have cut ties with him long ago. She is thankful for his life, but part of her is still bitter towards him. She is doing her best not to take his existence for granted, though. Maddy manages to look away from the note, and bring herself back down from the emotional high. She slips down against the warm blankets and brings a hand up to wipe the sweat from her brow. This is too much. She shuts her eyes only for a moment, and feels as though she is about to slip away into sleep again, when an unfamiliar sound catches her attention. It's tapping. Once again, Maddy perks up, her eyes wide open now. Tapping? At this hour? Not to mention, no one ever comes calling for her at home, and her neighbors may not even know she exists at all. She pauses and listens for it again, and sure enough, soft rapping is coming from her apartment door. Slowly and quietly, she manages to wake her arms and legs up and get them into somewhat of a working fashion, and she creeps over to the foyer, careful of the floorboards that whine when you step on them. She can see shadows from beneath the doorjamb. Someone is out there. She can't yet say who it is exactly, but there is definitely someone behind that door. She had never been particularly clever-footed, but she manages this time to keep some sort of silence and stealth going, though she's not quite sure why she is doing it. She chalks it up to having to try and avoid conflict wherever she goes. It is habit, at this point. The tapping continues, and she can see that whoever is outside the door is shifting their weight nervously. She narrows her eyes and closes one, looking apprehensively through the peep hole. And there he is. Standing right in front of her between a two inch slab of wood, he is there. Danny Archer is there. The familiar appearance of the former-smuggler seems to have disappeared completely, though. He seems to have foregone the white wifebeater and patterned shirt for a rather smart looking suit and a pair of glasses. His hair is combed. He looks tame, almost. Nervously, he shifts his weight from one foot to the other, and glances down at a piece of paper. He looks to the right and to the left, confused. He seems unsure of himself. He is about to try tapping on the door once more before he stops himself at the sound of the locks being unlatched. It's been so long. He tenses up and straightens his back as much as he can, and swallows thickly. This is going to be interesting. As the last lock sounds off noisily, the door is flung open, and he is met with quite a sight. There stands Maddy, hair a disheveled mess, wearing only an oversized tee, a pair of socks and what he assumes are pyjama bottoms. He looks her up and down, and she can only stare back, almost as if she is looking at a ghost. \"Hi.\" He grins. \"Long time no see, huh?\" Wordlessly, she reaches out and grabs him by the tie and reels him into the apartment like a game fish. He flounders a bit, losing his footing to her impressive grip and strength. The door closes behind the pair with a loud slam, and at this very moment, courtesy to her neighbors is the absolute last thing on her mind. Her heart is beating faster than it ever has, and again that wellspring of emotion inside her is bubbling up, threatening to explode. She can only look at him, now. Her hand is still clenched tightly on the soft piece of silk fabric around his neck, and she relishes the tangibility of it. He is here. Alive! He's smiling at her, grinning like a damn wild dog. She doesn't know whether to be furious or elated, and her heart isn't giving her much assistance in deciding. \"If you like the tie that much, you can have it, huh?\" Classic Archer. He attempts to dissuade the situation with that trademark dry humor of his, only because he has no idea how to react, either. He can see the fire, the anger in her eyes. There is a look of confusion and relief on her face. She is pulling him closer, and there isn't much he can do about it. Gingerly, he raises a hand, and motions to the silken noose she is choking him with. Deft fingers pull on one end of it, and the thing comes loose, falling limply from his neck. She still clutches to the green fabric, and he takes a step back, still smiling at her. He is waiting for a response, and he isn't sure of what to expect. This woman was, and still is a firecracker. The only thing that's changed is their location. Silence continues between them as she looks him over. He looks good. Really good. Whatever he has been doing, he's been taking care of himself. That is for certain. The only real difference is there is now the most subtle hint of grey about his temples. Other than that, he looks toned, well fed, and definitely well dressed. This stokes the fire in her belly even further. She wasn't sure what to expect. She honestly wasn't even expecting him to begin with, but she definitely did not picture Danny Archer the businessman. She pictured a war-worn ex-smuggler with a sizeable bounty on his head, ragged from stress and running. This polar opposite was almost infuriating. With a wail, she lurches forward and tries to whip him with his tie. She howls at him and he backs away, trying his damnedest not to laugh at her. \"Oi! Come on, now! That isn't any way to treat a guest, huh? Ow, Maddy-!\" She manages to slap him square in the face with the wide end of the tie. \"You mother fucker! \" She screams. \"You son of a bitch!\" Tears flow down her cheeks, and her voice seems to rise with every word. \"How… why didn't you tell me you were coming?\" He continues to back away from her, hands up in surrender. He tries to coax her into toning her voice down, but it is essentially useless. Archer knows he can't blame her after all she's been put through in the past weeks. He knows damn well why she is cross with him. \"Hey, now come -\" He manages to dodge another blow. \"I did tell you, huh? You didn't get the note I had Solomon send you?\" \"I did get the fucking note, but I didn't know what the fuck to make of it, you asshole!\" Tie in hand, she lunges at him again, and he backs away against a wall. Just as she is about to bring her hand down against his cheek, he catches her wrist and holds it. He is gentle, but firm. Maddy's eyes lock on to his, and she sets her jaw at him. They are both overwhelmed. They can see it in one another. Archer is struggling to find words, and Maddy is struggling to stifle herself. She watches him. She looks at the familiar lines of his face, searching him as though she needs to confirm that he isn't an impostor. The harder she looks, the more she knows that it is really him. Those blue eyes made even bluer by the glasses can't lie to her, no matter how much his tongue can. \"You… fucking… \" Before she can finish her insult, she crumbles. The wellspring breaks. Tears flow like rain, and her grip on the tie loosens as it falls silently to the floor. Her heart is aching and bursting all at once, and her mind reels as her knees weaken, and she buckles. She falls forward, face buried in his shirt. She grabs the lapels of his jacket tightly, and refuses to let go. He's here. He is HERE. I'm not letting you go, again. It is a promise that she silently makes to him. \"I'm sorry I couldn't be clearer, huh?\" His voice is barely a whisper. He sets his chin on top of her head, wraps his arms around her, and holds her tightly should she choose to lose her footing. It isn't just for stability though, he's missed this. He's wanted this for three years. \"I didn't want to risk anything.\" She can only cry. Everything is so overpowering. Her life has been such an up and down roller coaster during the past few weeks that now this sudden realness and stability has caught her off guard, completely. She breathes him in. His cologne combined with that natural smell he has – a little like leather and tobacco and some kind of grain – is heady. It's something she never thought would enter her senses again. She lets her hands drop from the lapels, and instinctively, they go around his neck. He can only pull her closer. This is something he refused to allow himself to have for far too long. Even now, he is apprehensive about letting her get close to him, but it isn't Maddy he is trying to punish. He knows what he is, what he was, and who he will be. He knows the circumstances of his employment, past, present and future. But now, maybe there can be some resolve. Maybe now there can be some peace, if only for a while. Archer brings a hand up and tangles his fingers in her hair. He closes his eyes and presses his cheek against hers, trying to get used to her physical presence. The idea of her was always lovely. It was something he'd kept tucked away in his mental locker for safekeeping. Her eyes, her smile… everything about her was sacred to him. But now, here she was, and here they were, together. Something he had wanted, but denied himself for far too long. \"Shh, a'right? Hush, now. Come on.\" He tries to coax her into calming down, but he knows it is useless. \"Come on, Maddy. It's enough, now, huh?\" She swallows a few sobs, and manages to shake herself, mentally. Still, her mind is a blank. \"I…\" She tries to talk, but now, words are nonexistent. She remains pressed against him, and all she wants to do is feel him. His strong arms are around her waist and back. He's holding her like a doll. As her knees weaken further, he tightens his hold on her, and does his best to keep her on her feet. \"Let's sit you down.\" He manages to turn her so they can walk together, and with some effort, he escorts her to one of the bar stools in front of the kitchen island. She is shaking all over. Her hands are tremoring and she feels a strange tingle run down her spine as contact between them breaks. When he lets go of her, Archer looks at her for a moment, examining her. \"You alright?\" Without looking at him, she gives a weak nod. Archer is satisfied with that response, for now. He takes a moment to survey his surroundings, and rubs the back of his neck nervously. He really can't blame her. He slips off his jacket and tosses it carelessly on an armchair in the living room area, and then goes back to pace the kitchen. Neither party says word one to each other, and Archer likes it that way, for now. His eyes scan the counter tops and fall on a can of coffee grounds. Without asking permission, he rifles through the cabinets and is somewhat intrigued to find them more or less bare, save for a few empty mugs and the odd china plate. He retrieves two of the cups and a coffee filter from the open box. Now seems like a good a time as any to drink something caffeinated.[Chapter 4] It definitely takes a significant amount of sweet talking on his part, but Archer has managed to calm Maddy down to the point where she is at least semi-coherent. They spend nearly an hour and a half simply smiling at one another and making small talk, not really saying much in the way of questions or answers. It is late, he is exhausted from the flight and she is spent from crying, and the emotional highs and lows. The coffee has perked them both up a little, but it is mutually decided that more than three cups is likely not the best of ideas. Maddy had asks him sheepishly if he has a place to stay, and when he replies that he has an apartment lined up but it won't be ready for at least another week or so, she offers without hesitation to let him stay with her. He considers telling her about the hotel room waiting for him on the other side of town, but thinks better of it. Keeping Maddy company seems much more appealing at this point. Bedtime rolls around at around 1:30 in the morning, and Maddy has graciously offered to let him sleep in her bed and she'd take the couch, but he declines out of some kind of pseudo-politeness he's worked up, saying that the couch will be a welcome change from the cramped airline seat he's been in for the last seventeen hours or so. Sleep doesn't come easily to either of them. Maddy finds herself awake for most of the night, wanting desperately to leap out of bed and run into the living room to make sure Archer is really there. It is like a dream, to her. She has a hard time believing that this man is actually in her apartment, not halfway around the world and six feet under. Instead of getting up as she wants to, she tosses and turns in bed, trying to force her eyes closed. They will not close without a fight though, and she figures at some point that insomnia is a good excuse as any to get up and rifle through the medicine cabinet for some Nyquil… and maybe check on Archer along the way. She creeps down the hallway from her bedroom and as she reaches the living room, she peeks impishly around the corner. She figures Archer will have already passed out from the flight, but to her surprise she finds him wide awake, standing at a window he's cracked open. In one hand is another cup of coffee and in the other, a cigarette. He looks up, a bit startled. \"You aren't sleeping yet?\" She crosses her arms and leans against the wall, looking him over. Again, she struggles to find words to adequately express what she is feeling. It's somewhere between elation and complete nonsense, and there is no word in the English language – or any other language for that matter – to describe what's in her heart. \"Um.\" She starts, bringing a hand up to her mouth again. She feels once more like she's about to cry. \"No, I'm um… I can't sleep. I was gonna take some Nyquil to put me out.\" \"Ah.\" He turns back to the window and takes a long drag off of the cigarette, tapping the ash off of the end. Archer doesn't know what else to say. He knows that in the morning, he'll have more than his share of explaining to do, and he wants so badly to get a leg up on it, but he can see the exhaustion in her face. He can hear it in her voice. The last thing he needs to do now is keep her up and worry her even more than she is already. \"I'm probably gonna try to get some shuteye soon, huh. It's just that jet lag, you know?\" \"Yeah.\" She's made her way over to the kitchen sink, and she's opened the cabinet door above it. She stands on tiptoe, not quite able to see what it is she's grabbing. First, there's a package of cough drops. Then a bottle of iodine. He can't help but watch her, and think of how utterly ridiculously helpless she looks in her own environment. This is a far cry from the Maddy he met in Sierra Leone, but she is so completely endearing that he lets his stony exterior drop for a moment. Swiftly, he crushes the butt of the cigarette against the windowsill and flicks it away. He walks over to her and reaches up from behind her, easily grabbing the box she's been looking for. He turns and hands it to her, and she gawks at him for a moment, at a loss for words. \"Uh. Thanks.\" She offers a sheepish smile, and turns away to get some water from the fridge. \"Ja, ja.\" The response is so familiar to her that she can't help but grin, even though he doesn't see it. \"So,\" She begins, filling her cup with water. \"You can tell me why you're here, now. Right?\" He pauses. Yes, he can , but he'd rather not drag things out tonight. \"Ja. Um, we can talk about it tomorrow though, huh? You had better go to sleep.\" Maddy turns to him and looks at him fearlessly, locking gazes. Even though this domestic setting has toned down her ferocity, it still lingers and he can feel it, like tendrils of vine gripping at him. She wants answers, and he knows quite honestly she deserves them. Gingerly, he places his hands on her arms and gives them a soft squeeze. \"Tomorrow, huh? I promise, I'm not going to go anywhere.\" It's as if he has read her mind. She exhales in a deep sigh, smiles, and looks down at the cup. She will have to surrender for now. \"Alright.\" For a moment, he forgets where exactly he is. Sleep is still tinting his mind quite heavily, and the first thing that registers on his consciousness is some kind of wonderful smell. It is food; that much he can discern. It smells like heaven dipped in chocolate and deep fried in bliss, and it's definitely more than enough motivation to get him up. Slowly, he pushes himself up and off of the couch and throws his hands up above his head, stretching out like some kind of great big cat. He lets out an impressive yawn and throws his head left and right, cracking the bones in his neck quite audibly. \"Good morning.\" He raises an eyebrow at the greeting and rubs at his eyes, squinting at the mid-day sunlight hitting him square in the face. \"It's morning?\" \"Well, it's morning somewhere. Here, it's about one-thirty.\" \"Christ, I slept that long, huh?\" He yawns again and shakes his head, trying to get rid of the feeling of lethargy. Aside from being jet lagged, he feels pretty good. \"Yep.\" \"You cooking something?\" \"You could say that. Just bacon and eggs. You want any?\" Archer nods his confirmation, stretches out once more and slowly gains his footing, then walks over to where she's standing. Surprisingly, she looks a bit better than she did last night. It seems that her nerves are still somewhat frazzled, but she doesn't look as frantic. She doesn't seem afraid. \"So, you're gonna tell me what's going on.\" It isn't a request or a question, it's an order. \"Boy, you don't waste any time, do you?\" He grins at her. She gives him a knowing look and reciprocates the grin slowly. \"No, I don't. Now if you want any of this food, tell me what the hell you're doing here.\" She waggles a strip of bacon in front of him and then pops it into her mouth, tauntingly. \"Oh now that's cruel, huh? You don't torture a man with food.\" \"If it'll make you talk…\" He sighs, defeated. It's not something he is looking forward to discussing immediately after he wakes up, but it's got to be done. She deserves answers, and for the past few weeks he has been promising them without following through. \"Ja, okay. A'right.\" He clears his throat, nervously. \"Can I smoke in here?\" He looks up to her from his seat at the island, tapping his fingers anxiously on the countertop. \"If you open a window.\" With a spatula, she gestures to the window he'd cracked last night. He walks over to it hurriedly and pops it open, and produces his pack of cigarettes from his trouser pockets. He'd forgotten to take them out before he went to bed last night, and he grumbles indignantly as he realizes he's squished quite a few of them. \"A'right.\" He rolls the flint on his zippo and brings the small flame to the cigarette, inhaling deeply. \"What do you want to know?\" \"Start from the beginning,\" She says, solemnly. \"What happened… after you told me to go to Conakry?\" \"Ja. Well, to be honest, the details are a little fuzzy, you see.\" He rubs his neck anxiously. \"I was dying, I mean, I know I was. I had a fucking bullet in my lung.\" Maddy stays silent, scraping at an empty frying pan. \"But I assumed at the time that the Colonel's company found me, and couldn't let me die on my own terms, huh? I mean, I woke up in a hospital – I don't know how long after I sent Solomon and Dia away – I found out I was somewhere in Pomfret.\" \" Pomfret? \" There is disbelief in her voice. \"Ja, ja. Anyway, I'd been taken to a military hospital, and stayed there for six weeks or so to recuperate.\" He inhales sharply on the cigarette, and lets the smoke lilt out the window as he exhales. \"They wanted to Court Marshall me, you know? Because of what happened to Coetzee; never mind the fact that the stupid son of a bitch had it coming, and never mind that I got out of the military years ago. They all knew about what our deal was. And suddenly when Coetzee isn't a piece of the puzzle anymore, I thought, oh, they want to pin the blame all on me. \"…And they can do that?\" \"Ja, well. TIA, huh? We don't exactly have the most stable of government military infrastructures, you know.\" \"Ah.\" \"So, that was that. They were gonna Court Marshall me, and I was fairly fucking certain that I'd end up getting shot or something like that, but as it turns out, come trial time, they just wanna talk. They wanna make a deal with me.\" Maddy stays silent. \"The deal was, I tell them about Coetzee, about the shit he had me running and all the little things he had been cutting me in on, and they would cut me loose, huh? Just like that,\" He snaps his fingers. \"They wanted information from me, you know?\" He sniffs, and rubs at his nose. \"But they wanted it kept between me, and them. That was it. If word one got out to anyone else, I'd be as good as dead and they made that crystal clear to me.\" Maddy swallows thickly. Things are starting to make sense. \"Ja. Imagine their faces when your article hit the newsstands.\" She brings a hand to her mouth and leans against the kitchen sink to support her knees. \"Now, I'm not blaming it on you, huh? So don't worry about that. It isn't your fault. I told you to write that article, and oh Maddy, you wrote it, didn't you?\" He flashes her a cynical grin and she just stares at him, doe-eyed. \"Needless to say, the Army is not very pleased with me. They thought I'd gotten a hold of you and had gone back on my word to them. I was going to contact you and tell you what was going on before you could put anything to print, but that article came out before I could get to a phone, you see? So it looks like I snitched.\" \"Jesus, Archer, I'm sorry-\" \"Ah ah, no, I said it isn't your fault, huh? Like I said, I told you to write, and that's what you did. It's all just shitty timing, ja? It isn't anything you did.\" He takes another drag off of the cigarette, studying the dying bud as he exhales once more. \"So, you know. They obviously want me dead, and I've got nowhere to go, honestly. I mean, where can I go? Not Libera, not Sierra Leone, not Guinea… I can't stay in Saffa, and I certainly haven't got the means to travel north.\" \"So…\" He scoffs at himself, flicking the last of the ash from the cigarette stub, shrugs, and grinds it into his palm. \" So , I called Solomon.\" He looks up at her, not saying a thing. There's a little hint of a smile on his face, but just barely. Maddy can hardly comprehend what he's told her. She is responsible for this. Somehow, it's hard to comprehend that. She didn't know. How could she have? Her heart sinks and her fingers tremble against her lips. \" So , are you gonna starve me until I tell you everything? I might not last; this is a pretty long story, huh?\" \"Oh. Yeah, alright.\" Her response is shaky, and he can hear the astounded tone in her voice. Archer runs his fingers through his hair and looks away, briefly considering an apology. He chooses not to. She asked for facts, and that's all he has for her. Partly, he feels guilty for adding more weight to her shoulders when none of it is really her fault, but if she wants to know the truth, this is it. No matter how much it stings, the truth is as it is, and he can't change it. He knows very well how to lie, but sugarcoating is another matter entirely. Maddy has turned to the stove again, and stares blankly at the frying pan which now contains an egg and a few pieces of bacon. She is trying to swallow her heart, but it hurts. There's that familiar tingle behind her eyes, and she can't help it when the tears start coming. She can't remember a time in her life where she has cried more than this. She suspects soon, she will have no more tears. \"So, um.\" She sniffles and wipes her nose with the back of her hand, and then on her pyjamas. \"What… happened with Solomon? How did you get a hold of him?\" \"It wasn't particularly hard to get a hold of him. I mean, he was all over the news, the papers, everywhere. It wasn't exactly small potatoes, what happened with him and the pink, huh?\" She nods. Archer has his ways of getting in touch, she doesn't need to know more than that. \"But Solo was a good man. It took a long while, but he really saved my arse, you know? I had to stay in hiding and contact between us was pretty brief, but I still knew a few people. I couldn't contact them without using Solomon as my middle man, and he pulled me out of a tight situation there, huh? He came through brilliantly.\" \"So… what did he do?\" \"Ah well, you know. Since he's gotten into politics and all, he's made some connections of his own. I suppose I might have twisted his arm a little, you know, reminding him that without me, his son would probably still be in Freetown with an AK on his back. But as I said, huh? He came through. I can't go into too much detail but the long and short of it is that he pulled a lot of strings and I have been granted Asylum to the UK.\" Maddy perks up almost instantly. \"So you're not going back to Africa? You… you live in England?\" He smirks and considers his second cigarette of the morning, but out of courtesy to his host, decides to abstain until later. Her question isn't really one of concern, it's more about excitement than anything. He doesn't want to have to tell her the rest of the story. \"Ja, well, unfortunately it's not quite that simple, huh?\" Maddy tenses her jaw again, and finishes cooking the egg. She slides it onto a plate without a word along with the bacon, and passes it to him. \"Nothing ever is, with you.\" She sighs and puts the pan back on the stove, setting it down with a bit more force than is necessary. There always has to be some kind of a catch with him. Nothing is ever easy. ","Summary":" A/N : Hi, it's been way too long since I've written anything, but here's a story for you. I loved t"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Unnatural Beings","Author":"MrPixel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12683065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: This will have lots of exposition, so bear with me, I need explain the monsters and story. Currently, it was night time on a quiet lake in Oak Valley, CA. A lone, middle age woman was walking along the shore, having a good stroll, feeling the cool fall air as she walked along the water's edge. As she walked, she didn't notice the fast moving object in the waters behind her. She heard a splashing sound coming from the waters behind her and turned her head around to see what the sound was. There was no sign of anything following her, so she passed it off as an animal having a cool down in the water. She continued walking along the shore. She heard another splashing sound, a lot closer to her then the previous one. She fully turned around to see if anyone was there, growing more worried over these sudden, weird noises. She didn't see anything behind her again. Growing more frightened that she was being followed, she stood there watching anything that moved. Suddenly, she heard a heavy breath from the direction she was heading, feeling it on the back of her neck. Shakingly, she turned back around and hurriedly back up, tripping on her feet and falling to the ground, a look of terror on her face. In front of her was a large figure, darkened by the night, but still very much visible. It looked like it had a frog's head, but a larger man's body, with scales instead of skin, fish fins, an angler fish light and overalls. It's claw-like hands reached down for the woman, the latter screaming in fear of the monstrous being. As soon as the thing was going to grab her, a loud whistle was heard over to the forest. The thing turned it's head, growled and made a large hop over to the forest line. When it was finally gone, the woman fainted out of fear. In the forest, the thing hopped around, growling and looking high and low for what made the whistling sound. Suddenly, a rock flew out of nowhere and hit the thing in the head. Angrily turning around, he saw what he was looking for. A figure, with dark hair, stubbled face and a calm expression was a few feet away, holding a large, old book as big as a laptop, in his hands. He made a motion to signal the beast to try and take him out. The thing got into a crouched position and made a large jump over to the kid, the latter not fazed by the action. He lifted the book, held it in front of him at the thing and opened it up, the book giving a faint glow. As the thing grew closer, it suddenly stopped in air, the book giving of a bright glow now. The creature looked at it's hands to find them turning into a black, thick liquid similar to ink and heading towards the book. The liquid continued to go up it's arms, causing the beast to be draw further towards the book, which was making a strong inward wind to bring the creature to the pages. The creature was thrashing around and ribbiting, not wanting to be trapped in the book again. At this point, the creature's head was only visible, croaking and whimpering as the liquid enveloped it's head and, ultimately, was drawn into the book altogether with the ink spreading throughout the page, causing the book to close forcefully on it's own. The teen opened the book and flipped to a page, showing writings and pictures of the very creature that was drawn into the book. The teen closed the book, sighing in relief and annoyance at the capture, as he walked to the main road. Figure: That's the last time I let him into my room and read the book.[Chapter 2] Something that's not TF2? Eh, oh well. First two chapters are introductions to the characters and events, so bear with me. Chapter 1: Welcome to Oak Valley The day after the lake monster incident happened was also the day a new family was moving to town. On a long stretch of road, surrounded by few trees and lots of desert, was a lone moving van. The passengers of this moving van was a man and a teenage girl. The man was a combination of old and young looking, with broad shoulders, brown hair, a few wrinkles, and a short beard. The teenage girl had a thin body type, with red hair and freckles, glasses, white skin and currently, a look of annoyance on her face. Girl: Dad, why do we have to move out to the middle of nowhere? Man: Now Amanda, I was moved out here to be closer to LA. I know you wouldn't like the downtown area, so I decided that this town would be the best place. Amanda: But… why this town? I'm not going to make friends in a small town. Dad: Oh, quit your bellyaching. You'll be fine. Amanda: Yeah, I guess you're right. Amanda knew her father was right, but she still didn't like the fact she was moving away from her old friends and school. It had tough since her mom died a few years ago, but maybe this move was for the best. A new place to find people her age. It should be a whole new adventure. After driving for a few more minutes, the two made it into the town. Nothing to right off about, a town square, movie theater, shops, the common buildings and areas of a town. They drove for a little while longer until the made it to the new house. Dad: Heh. Bigger than our old place, right sweetie? Amanda: Yeah. Much bigger. Their old home was a small, one story house, with an ugly paint job and crowded space. This new house was, as mentioned, bigger two story house. Amanda: At least the paint looks nice. Dad: Right. Come on, Mandy. Help me with these boxes. Amanda's dad unlocked the back of the van and started carrying boxes into the new home. As Amanda was going to grab a bow, she couldn't help but feel that she was being watched. Turning around, she saw the house across the street. Like hers, it was a two story house, but painted a light blue. The front window curtains that she saw made a sudden motion, like they were being hastily closed. Shrugging it off, she went back to unloading the boxes from the van. Across the street, a teenage boy was sitting in front of the TV looking over the local news. The current story was about a fish monster that was spotted at the lake. The woman who saw it was describing it pretty hastily, looking like she saw a ghost. As the teen chuckled at the story, his mom called out to him from the dining room. Mom: Matthew, can you take some stuff up to my room, sweetie? Matthew: Yeah ma. The teen, Matthew, took the stuff up to his parent's room and was heading back downstairs, when he heard a car stop near his home. Walking into his room and opening the curtains, he saw a moving van pull up to the house across the street. Out stepped a old/young looking man and a redheaded girl about his age. Matthew: Crap. Voice: What happened, Mat? Did something bad happen again? Matthew turned around to find his little brother at the door. Although 3 years younger, he was about his height, but had a more athletic build than Matthew, who was thin. Matthew: No, Chase, something worse. We got new neighbors. Chase walked over to the window and looked out to see the dad and daughter looking up at their new house. Connor snickered as he thought of his brother and the girl interacting and how awkward it would be, something he knew his brother wouldn't like. Matthew: What is it? Chase: Oh, nothing. Looking back the two saw that their new neighbors were unloading the boxes from the van. The girl stopped and looked up with a suspicious glance at where they were, but Matthew quickly closed the curtains to not draw attention. Matthew: Oh, this isn't good. Chase: Why? She doesn't seem that bad. Maybe she'll leave you alone. Matthew: Maybe… or she's the nosy type that gets curious about everything and will eventually find it out her own way. I'll tell you there are a lot of possibilities. Chase: Aren't you being a bit paranoid? Matthew gestured over to a little safe that was in his open closet. Currently it was locked, but the two knew not to open it now or ever. Chase: OK, fair enough. Maybe if we introduce ourselves now, she won't be nosy about it. Matthew: Hmmmm... yeah alright. I just don't want another accident to happen again, especially with the last accident. Chase: We'll be fine. I mean, what are the odds of her being suspicious? Let's go tell mom about the new neighbors. You know how she loves socializing. The brothers walked out of Matthew's room and told their mom about the new neighbors, the mom suggesting that they go over and welcome the new neighbors. Amanda and her dad were done unloading the van and were relaxing on the poorly placed couch. Upside to living in a small house before a move, not too much stuff to unload when you get to the new one. As the two relaxed on the couch, there was a knock at the door. Amanda's dad got up to answer, opening the door to find a middle ages woman with greying hair and two teenage boys at their door. Dad: Oh, can I help you? Woman: Hi! We noticed you pull up across the street, so we decided to welcome our new neighbors. I'm Linda Glenister and these are boys, Matthew and Chase. Dad: Well that's mighty kind of you. I'm Dennis Wolpert and the young lady over there on the couch is my daughter, Amanda. Amanda made a small wave at the three at the door. \"What nice people to come over and say hi\" she thought. Mr. Wolpert: Would you like to come in? Mrs. Glenister: We'd be delighted to. The family stepped in to the home, Mr. Wolpert and Mrs. Glenister walking over to the kitchen to talk while the kids got to know each other. Amanda looked up to the two boys that sat down on the chair and couch. She look at who she assumed to be Matthew, who was giving her a look like she did some horrible crime. Chase noticed this and tapped on his brother's shoulder. Matthew turned his head to Chase, the latter shaking his head on his current look. Matthew made an annoyed look, then turned his head back to Amanda, this time with a blatantly forced smile. Chase: Pardon my brother. He's a little unskilled in interacting with others. In fact he hates it. Matthew nodded his head, although wiping the smile off his face due to it making the whole room uncomfortable. Amanda had a weird feeling about Matthew, like he was a different, but not a good different. Amanda: Um… It's fine. Matthew: So, ever hear much about this town? Amanda: No, actually. I never knew this town existed. Chase: Not a lot of people know about this town. Makes it quiet. Matthew: Well, quiet most of the time. Amanda got confused by what Matthew meant. Why would it be quiet most of the time? Apparently Matthew said something he shouldn't have, since Chase harshly whispered to Matthew to pipe down. \"What are these two hiding?\" Amanda thought. Oak Valley High School wasn't a large school, but it had enough space to hold its students, all contained in a series of connected buildings and hallways. Amanda had to ask around to know where she was going, but she managed. During lunch in the cafeteria, she spotted Matthew from across the room, eating lunch by himself. She leaned to her right and asked the girl she was sitting next to a question. Amanda: Um… Hi, I'm new here and I wanted to know who Matthew Glenister is? Girl: Oh Matthew? He's a nice guy. Although, he does tend to disappear from time to time. Some of the other students think he's a killer, others think he's some psychopath. Amanda: What about you? Girl: I just think he's a little weird. The disappearances are odd though. Amanda thanked the girl and turned her head back to Matthew, who was looking into a battered notebook as he ate his lunch. Amanda had to find out why she had a bad feeling about Matthew. She didn't know why, maybe it was due to their first meeting, but she had to know. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: This will have lots of exposition, so bear with me, I need explain the monsters and sto"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Lost Carnival","Author":"Bonnie from Freddy's","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11815992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] {Theodore's POV} Cold. Hard. Under my hands. My body. What hap...where was I? What...one second I was in darkness, and now… I shook my head, trying to clear the fog that was slowing my thoughts. I was on my hands and knees on some...surface. One that seemed vaguely familiar. I raised one of my hands from the surface. It glistened, as if tiny lights had been trapped in my palm. I pressed my hand to my face, and sat back with shock. My face was...wet. Yes, that was the term. Wet. Water. I looked back down at the surface I was on. It looked grainy, and when I dragged a finger across it, it felt grainy too. Looking up, I took in my surroundings. Buildings. Big buildings. Lampposts. Utility poles with telephone wires. Overturned cars and frozen people. I was on a road. It was then I realized. I was out of the book. Overjoyed, I began to quietly laugh. My voice-box crackled and I ran a few test laughs and pre-recorded scripts to warm it up. As I was finishing, a disturbing thought bloomed in the back of my mind and crept into my current thoughts. I was out of the book. But, I was not the only...monster, in that book. He was there too. If I got out, he would have gotten out too. So where is-? \"Welcome back, Teddy.\" I stiffened, my endo-skeleton creaking with age as I turned to look behind me. Suit perfectly tailored, the red flower corsage still in bloom. Plastic hair without a scratch. Wood polished to a sheen. My jaw snapped closed with a clink. \"Slappy,\" His name hissed out of my mouth, drenched in a permanent coat of venom. \"Did you miss me, Teddy?\" The ventriloquist doll taunted me with his favorite nickname of mine. \"To think that I actually did at one point makes me want to retch,\" I kept my eyes locked on his, imagining that I was boring two holes through his head. I had missed him at one point. And I regretted doing so. \"You did? That's, quite a shock,\" He said with mock surprise as his eyebrows shot up his forehead. \"Trust me, it didn't last long,\" I shifted my body so that my midsection wasn't uncomfortably twisted around. Now on my hands and knees facing him, I was about to stand up, when he spoke again. \"You may not have missed me, Teddy, but I sure missed you,\" I stilled my movements as Slappy reached into the inside pocket of his suit. My mouth fell open when he pulled out a cassette tape. The label, still after years of age, clearly read \" Track 2 - Emotions\". I gasped when I noticed the two tape cassette player behind him. I knew that player. I could clearly see my name scratched in calligraphy along the top. Chuckling, he turned and pulled it closer so that it was next to him. He looked at me, and winked. It was only then that I realized what he was going to do. \"No, no, don-!\" My voice caught as he slid the tape into the player. My body fell to the ground, my face inches from his shoes. My hand grabbed for the player, and he pulled it away. I closed it in defeat, and let it fall the ground. He kneeled down next to me, chuckling. \"Yes I have,\" He gave my head a pat that was none too gentle, as my emotions already started to stir and multiply, even with no music. There was no end. Even after being trapped in a book for years, he still tortured me. There was no end. As tears of oil began to trickle down my face, a sob racked my already exhausted body. I bit back a second sob as he pressed ' Play' . There was no end.[Chapter 2] Everyone flew forward in their seats as the car crashed into the building. Stine rubbed his forehead where it had hit the windshield and squinted his face a few times, as the teenagers groaned their pain. \"Is everyone okay?\" he asked, turning around in his seat. \"Yeah, I'm okay,\" said Hannah from the passenger seat. \"Yeah,\" replied Zach, his body wedged between the two front seats. \"...ow…\" Champ unstuck his face from the back of Stine's headrest, holding his nose. Stine rolled his eyes, when a roar came from behind them. Everyone's heads turned as the giant praying mantis appeared around the corner. Stine was the first to move. \"Everyone, out of the car! Go, go, go!\" Everyone raced to get out of the vehicle. Zach wiggled out from between the seats, and Champ was still holding his nose, which was now beginning to bleed. The car had crashed into a partially destroyed arcade. The group ran through the non-existent doors just as the praying mantis picked up the car and shoved it sideways into the opening. \"We're trapped,\" Hannah squeaked. \"Is there a door out?\" Zach asked. \"Oh, God,\" Champ clutched Zach's shoulder. \"What 'Oh, God'? Is there no door?\" Zach looked at Champ over his shoulder. \"What door?\" Champ asked. \"Another door out.\" \"Yeah there's another door.\" \"Well, where is it?\" Stine held his hand out in exasperation. \"Out back,\" Champ jabbed his thumb over his shoulder. Hannah sprinted towards the back. Zach pulled Champ's hand from his shoulder and followed her. Stine and Champ followed behind. They came to a door that was unlabeled, but was next to a hallway that went to the left. \"Which way?\" Zach asked Champ. \"Down the hall!\" Champ pointed to the hall, and jogged to Zach's side. They ran down the hall, shrouded in darkness, save for one light, which was flickering faintly. As they passed the light, a shadow detached itself from the wall. It moved to the center of the hallway, just out of reach of the flickering light. As the shadow watched the group run down the hall, a faint hiss of air escaped it's mouth. If the group had looked behind them at that moment, they would have only seen two glowing orbs that were the shadow's eyes. \"This is the door!\" Champ pointed to the door as they reached the end of the hall. \"Like we couldn't have guessed,\" Stine commented. Champ ran to the door and tried to push it open. It wouldn't budge. He tried jiggling the handle. It still wouldn't open. Lastly he tried moving the bolt in the door. It didn't move an inch. \"It's locked,\" Champ whimpered. \"You're joking,\" Hannah breathed. Zach moved to the door, and tried to move the bolt. He ran his hands over it, and when he reached where the bolt latched to the frame, he felt something. \"There's a padlock.\" \"Great,\" muttered Stine. Champ thought for a moment. \"If there's a lock, then there must be a key.\" \"Well, obviously.\" Everyone jumped at the voice. I had come from behind them, but when they turned, all they saw was darkness. Until the light turned on. From where he sat, perched on top of the only arcade game in the hall, the light illuminated his silhouette, while keeping his face shrouded in shadow. But the group didn't need to see his face. They recognized his voice well enough. \"I see you've met my insect friend,\" Slappy mused. \"Yes, Slappy, we did,\" Stine adjusted his glasses on his face. \"Isn't he pleasant?\" the doll asked. \"That's not the word I would use,\" Zach said as he discreetly pulled a paper clip from his pocket. \"You mentioned something about, a key?\" \"What of it?\" Stine kept his eyes on Slappy. \"Perhaps you meant, this one?\" Slappy looked at the key in his hand, raising his eyebrows. Stine groaned. \"Slappy, give me the key.\" \"So you can leave? I don't think so,\" Slappy shook his head as he slid the key into his suit pocket. \"You see Stine, being trapped in one of your books gets old after a while. Same old story, same old people. It gets boring, and when you do let us out, you immediately suck us back in. And we're getting tired of it.\" \"I only did so to keep you from destroying the town I was living in,\" Stine pleaded. \"I wasn't talking about the other monsters, Stine.\" Stine's eyes widened with realization. He peered down the hallway, squinting to see in the dark. After a moment, he exhaled, regained his composure, and looked at Slappy. \"Where is he, Slappy?\" the author's voice was stern, as if he were a parent scolding his child. Slappy cocked his head, and reaching behind him, pulled a tape player to his side. Pressing a button, music began to play. The music was unlike anything the group had ever heard before. After a few moments, a voice echoed down the hall, high-pitched but obviously male. The words were fast, and almost hard to understand. \" I got no time. I got no time to live. I got no time to live and I can't say goodbye. And I'm regretting having memories of my friends who they used to be beside me before they left me to die .\" The voice came closer, accompanied by footsteps that were in time with the music. They began to see a figure making its way down the hall. They stopped just beyond the light that illuminated Slappy. As they started singing the chorus, a sense of dread began to fill Stine. He knew who this was, and he expected that they would be upset to see him. He did lock them in a book after all. Then the chorus ended and another light flicked on. Standing before them was a humanoid animatronic, wearing a checkerboard vest with striped pants and matching top hat. A black bowtie was nestled in his collar, while a red corsage was tucked in his jacket pocket. One thing Hannah couldn't help but notice were the black lines that trailed down the animatronic's face from the inner corners of his eyes. If it was a specifically placed design, it sure was strange. The dread that was filling Stine was now turning to guilt. Despite being an animatronic, this creation of his could show emotion in his eyes like a human. And the sadness he was showing, the pain, the overall hurt , was so powerful that Stine was more than ready to break character and pull him into the most loving hug he could give. \"Papa,\" With that one word, Stine's heart broke. He was afraid to speak, for he feared that instead of words, cries would come from his mouth in their place. \"Theodore,\" Stine fought to keep his composure as he said his name. He remembered naming him, looking at the one of his favorite books at the time. A book by Theodore Taylor. From the start he had called him Theodore, but Theodore prefered Theo. And he hated Teddy. Slappy always called him Teddy. Theo opened his mouth to reply when the music came to another verse. Theo's eyes, which were focused on Stine, became distant, focusing on something that wasn't there. His mouth moved with a will all it's own, moving quickly as the words spilled out. \" I have this urge. I have this urge to kill. I have this urge to kill to show that I'm alive. I'm getting sick of these apologies from people with priorities that their life matters so much more than mine .\" The group started at him, minds reeling at what they saw. Theo was in a, trance of sorts, like he was a slave to the music. It controlled him. Slappy was watching Theo, his eyes twinkling with a devilish glint. Stine noticed this, and made the connection. It was not the first time Slappy had done this to Theo, controlling him with the music. It tortured Theo, and Slappy enjoyed every moment of it. Stine was glaring at Slappy when the song switched to the chorus again. \" So my flashlights on. Stay up till dawn. I got this headache and my life is on the line. I felt like I won, but I wasn't done. The nightmare repeats itself every time .\" As Theo sang, a oily tear emerged from his eye, and slid down his face. It was then Hannah realized that those lines on Theo's face weren't a design; they were streaks from every tear he had shed, over time permanently staining his face. When the chorus ended a second time, Theo began to speak immediately, his voice changing to that of an older teenager. \"Why did you lock me away? What did I do wrong? Was it too much?\" \"No, Theo. It wasn't too much at all. It's just, I had no choice,\" Stine attempted to calm Theo. \"No choice? What do you mean?\" Theo whimpered. \"It was too dangerous. People were getting hurt,\" Stine tried to reason with Theo, but to no avail. \"You don't know what it's like, being trapped with him,\" Theo aggressively jabbed a finger at Slappy, \"in a book for thirty years! You don't know what I've gone through,\" A few tears trickled down Theo's face. \"Theo, let me explain.\" \"This is what he does to me. He tortures me with this music, for hours and hours and hours on end. He laughs at my pain, and beats me when I try to escape,\" The tears were flowing freely now, and Theo's voice was starting to crack from the emotional strain. Slappy looked at Theo, an eyebrow raised. \"I wouldn't take what he says to heart, Papa. He has been under a lot of stress the-\" \"Shut up!\" Theo yelled at Slappy. The doll looked at Theo with disgust and crossed his arms over his chest. \"Now Theo, is that any way to treat-?\" \"Just shut up,\" Theo interrupted Slappy a second time, his voice finally cracking and taking on a robotic edge. \"Slappy, stop,\" Stine warned the doll. Slappy rolled his eyes, but said nothing else. \"Theo, listen to me. We can fix this, we can make things better.\" \"How, by locking me in another book?' \"Theo, that's not what I meant.\" \"It's probably what I deserve,\" Theo seemed to shrink back into himself as he said this. \"A book would be the best place for a monster like me.\" \"Theo, no.\" \"With Slappy no less,\" Stine sighed as Theo kept on with his depressed mumbles. Slappy was making a doll's version of a smirk. \"I'm not going to put you in a book with Slappy,\" Stine said calmly. \"Why not?\" More tears brimmed Theo's eyes. \"He's just going to find me anyway,\" Theo began to back into the darkness. \"He will find you quicker than the ghosts of The Lost Carnival ,\" Theo's body was now engulfed in shadow, with only his face in the light. \"Theo…\" Stine said his name pleadingly. \"Have fun running from him,\" With that, Theo turned and ran down the hall, passed under the flickering light, and around the corner. Stine closed his eyes for a second, and when he opened them, he glared at Slappy. \"I'm telling you now Slappy,\" Stine muttered, jabbing a finger at the doll. \"When I'm through with you, you're going to wish I had never written you in,\" Everyone stood there, watching Stine with widened eyes, especially Hannah. Stine's voice had taken on an edge that made their hair stand up on end. Hannah had never seen Stine so angry, and it scared her. \"Don't worry Papa. I will,\" Slappy laughed his evil little laugh, and the lights flicked off. When they flicked back on a second later, he was gone. Stine jumped as the key to the padlock fell off the arcade game. He picked it up to find that Zack had already picked the lock and was sliding the bolt back. As they ran through the parking lot, Hannah confronted Stine. \"Dad, who was that?\" Stine sighed as the rest of the group closed in to listen. As they walked across the street, he explained. \"That was Theodore, one of the last creatures I created. He is in one of my lesser known books, The Lost Carnival. He is technically a monster, but, he's not like the others. He's special.\" \"Special how?\" Hannah asked. \"I created him to love, not hate,\" Everyone gave Stine a strange look. \"I was lonely. I needed someone there to keep me company. I created the rest of my monsters to destroy, and I wanted to write something different for once. Theodore would've stayed by my side while I wrote the horrors of my mind onto the pages of my books. But I wrote him into a book with Slappy, and I had forgotten that until I opened the book to let him out. Theo and I watched in horror as Slappy destroyed the town. I tried to only suck Slappy back in, but he grabbed Theo and pulled him in before I could stop him. I was afraid to open the book again, for fear that Slappy would get out and wreak havoc once more. But, it appears that that has already been taken care of,\" Stine finished his rant, and took a few deep breaths. \"But, Slappy was in more than one book. How does this work?\" Hannah asked. \"He's in Night of the Living Dummy and The Lost Carnival . Wouldn't there be two of him?\" Stine scratched his forehead in confusion. \"That would make sense, but he only appeared once so, I don't know.\" \"So, what do we do now?\" Champ asked. Zach and Hannah shrugged, and looked at Stine. \"Well, the first thing I want to do, is find Theo,\" Stine said. \"But what about Slappy?\" Zach asked. \"Slappy won't let Theo leave his sight for long. He'll follow him wherever he goes, unfortunately torturing him along the way. Find Theo, and we'll find Slappy.\" \"But how do we find him?\" Champ asked. Stine was about to answer, when he noticed something on the ground. He knelt down, and examined a puddle. He dipped a finger in it and brought it to his nose. He looked away, repulsed. \"Oil from Theo,\" he said and coughed. \"How do you know it's from him?\" Zach asked. \"Theo has a faint smell of, well, an abandoned carnival. Stale carnival food, rusting metal, musty clothing, and that's exactly what that oil smells like. And there appears to be a trail of it ,\" Stine stood up. \"Going...that way,\" he pointed down a street. \"Follow the black oil road,\" Champ thought aloud. Everyone turned to look at him. \"Really?\" Stine asked. Champ shrugged. Stine sighed heavily, and muttered a 'let's go'. While walking down the road, Stine began to unconsciously hum \"Follow the Yellow Brick Road\", and within a few minutes, the rest of the group had joined in. I Got No Time by The Living Tombstone. Good song. Based off FNaF 4 too, so, yeah. Hope you enjoyed! ","Summary":" {Theodore's POV} Cold. Hard. Under my hands. My body. What hap...where was I? What...one second I w"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"One-Shot - Tuck Everlasting Kiss","Author":"WizMonCruWil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12454785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One-Shot: Tuck Everlasting Kiss The night was silent, save for the crackling of the crude bonfire. Warming themselves against the blaze lay two young teenagers, blissfully in love – though neither had openly admitted their mutual state to each other. Winnie Foster allowed herself to remain wrapped in the arms of Jesse Tuck, as yet unaware that she was being protected by a young man elevated to the status of demigod, or perhaps even an offspring of Jesus Christ himself. \"I wish this moment could last forever,\" she sighed. Now, forever did not mean as much to Jesse Tuck. For him, the word had lost its profundity long ago. Still, he entertained his paramour's romantic musing, cliché as it was. \"Forever? You want to spend forever with me, Winnie?\" The question was really a test, but it did not take much for Winnie to pass it. \"I do,\" she sighed. A pause, and then: \"You know, we could see the world together. We could do….. everything together. Have a million moments like this one that would….. never, never stop.\" At last, Jesse took the plunge, that leap of faith. \"There's a part about us you don't know. The part I've sworn not to tell you.\" Winnie sat up right away, intrigued and entranced as any child would be. \"A secret? The reason you don't want anyone to find out about you?\" Jesse's silence made her smile in triumph. \"I knew it! You're…. you're bank robbers or…. grifters!\" The thought of adventure and mystery enthralled her. Jesse stared at her in amazement, unsure whether to laugh or not. She never ceased to captivate him. Of all the guesses he thought Winnie might make, he hadn't exactly put the words Bank Robber or Grifter at the top of the list. \"You are the first human I've ever met I wanted to know the truth,\" and he meant every word with an intense sincerity. Winnie beamed, her eyes full of admiration. \"Jesse Tuck….. you're the first human I've ever met that I ever wanted to…. to…\" Overcome with love, words failed her, and she leaned in and pressed her lips to his. The first boy she had ever kissed. \"To…. do that.\" The ghost of a smile played at Jesse's mouth. The two children leaned in as one, and kissed again. One drawn-out, and the other a light peck before drawing away. Jesse grinned for real this time, and gathered his courage. Now…. tell her now! \"Winnie, listen: you remember the giant oak tree at the center of the word where we met?\" She nodded. \"The little spring that you saw me drink from?\" Winnie nodded again, smiling at the memory. \"Do you remember when I told you I was 104 years old?\" Yet another nod. \"Well…. it's the honest truth.\" Winnie's smile faded; she now looked confused. Jesse plowed right on. \"I'm gonna live forever. I'm never gonna change! The same with Miles and Tuck and Mae; something happened to us! As far as I know, I'm gonna be 17 until the end of the world!\" And he laughed at the thought as if he was learning that reality for the very first time all over again. Winnie now eyed her lover warily, unsure whether to believe him. \"It's the spring, Winnie. It's the water; something's wrong with it! It stops you right where you are – if you had a drink today, you'd stay just like you are…..\" A sudden crack of branches made Winnie snap her head up. Jesse spun around to discover the eavesdropper leaning against a stack of boulders. The intruder finally spoke, his inquiry directed at Winnie: \"Don't you wish he'd told you? Before you kissed him?\" ","Summary":" One-Shot: Tuck Everlasting Kiss The night was silent, save for the crackling of the crude bonfire. "},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"A New Born","Author":"RinandSesshomarufan22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9302703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Jesse and I gotten marred 2 years ago . Yes I drank the water . When the Tucks found me they where so happy , especialy Jesse . Now we are expecting a baby . Mae been telling me what about mother hood . Angus made a crib for our baby witch he was glad to do . We all made a new house in the woods witch had enought room . One night it happen it was time for the baby to be born . Jessie went crazy . \"Its going to be all right Jesse.\" Angus said as Jesse watch the sunset \"How long has it been?\" Jesse asked sitting down on the wagon \"Its been two hours.\" Miles said looking at his watch \"Jesse its going to be alright.\" Angus said sitting down next to Jesse Just then they heard a new born baby cry . Then Mae came out of the house with a smile on her face and tears in her eyes . \"Jesse she is done you can go see her now.\" Mae said wiping her tears away \"Winnie!\"Jesse said coming into their bedroom \"Hi Jesse come meet our new daughter.\" I said holding our new baby \"She is beautiful Winnie.\" Jessie said kissing me on the forehead \"Say Hello to daddy.\" I said handing our new daughter to Jesse \"Hello princess i'm your daddy.\" Jessie said kissing his daughter on the forehead \"Her name should be Angie.\" I said laying my head on Jesse's shoulder \"It's perfect.\" Jessie said laying down with Angie and Winnie and went too sleep THE END ","Summary":" When Jesse and I gotten marred 2 years ago . Yes I drank the water . When the Tucks found me they w"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Foster Everlasting","Author":"I.Call.Him.Billy.S","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6930921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N – This is my version of what would have happened if Winnie had drank some of the water from the springs when she was there at the end of the movie. Personally, I cried for half an hour at the end when Jesse comes back and sees her tombstone, so I want to know what would happen if she took a drink and Jesse came back for her. She's not exactly where she said she would be. But she woke up with the sun... I have read the book. I think it is a really well written, very good plotted book. Personally, I liked the book better than the movie. Winnie can have Jesse, but I get Miles. Disclaimer – I do not own Tuck Everlasting. If I did, Jesse Tuck would not have said, \"I will love you until the day I die!\" because I thought that was just overkill :P Starts out with Winnie at the springs. It's been two months since the Tucks left. I sat at the springs; at the tender age of fifteen, I had the most difficult choice of my life to make. To join Jesse Tuck and his family in immortality or stay with my parents. Surely I would have to leave them if I drank the water; I would never age and they would notice. Mother says I look different every day. She would be the first to realize that I would never again change. I scooped up a handful of water as I thought back to what Jesse said: \"Go back to the well, Winnie. Drink from it. When it's safe, I'll come back for you.\" Then, I thought back to what Tuck had said before Father and the others caught up with us. \" What we have, you can't call it living. We're like... rocks on the side of the road. Never moving, never changing.\" I had asked him if it was wrong to fear death. \"No,\" he'd said. I was still afraid of death. The water flowed through my fingers and back into the spring. I didn't know when Jesse Tuck would be coming back. It might not be safe for him to return for another century. I would most definitely not live that long. I so desperately wished to see the Tucks again. I even wanted to help Miles. Mae Tuck was so nice. And Angus Tuck may have looked like a grizzly bear, but I'd seen his true self and he was no harsh man. I scooped up another handful of water and let it dribble through my fingers, thinking about the time I'd spent with the Tucks, just at the beginning of summer. Jesse Tuck brought me to his personal Eifel Tower, right here in the forest outside of Treegap. He promised he'd take me to the real Eifel Tower, all the way in Paris, France, someday. I'd take off my shoes and climb all 1,652 steps to the top. A tear dripped off the tip of my nose and into the water. I saw my reflection; the girl in the water was smiling. Miles had been a sourpuss to me. I had come into the forest and threatened the welfare of his family (unintentionally) so I could not hold accountable for treating me coldly. Then I'd heard his story. He'd been married and had two children. They'd refused to drink from the springs where the Tuck family found immortality and believed he'd sold his soul to the devil. They ran off and took the better side of Miles with them. Mae Tuck was such a sweet woman. She'd helped me out of that dreadful corset the first night I was there. She was the first one of the Tucks (other than Jesse) to call me Winnie. More tears dripped into the water. Now, the girl staring back at me was frowning. Looking up to the sky, I saw that I would need to decide soon, for I knew that if I chose not to come back, to the springs, it would be final. Mother and Father would never let me out of the house again. But if I drank from it, I would never have to go home. I'd find my own food and live alone. I picked up the water once more. It slowly trickled through the gaps between my fingers. Once it was out of my hand, I used both to scoop up a drink of water and brought it to my mouth. I sipped the water from it and felt the coolest, most heavenly tasting water I had ever experienced. It slipped down my throat almost as easy as air. It tasted marvelous. I finished the water I had put in my hand and stood up, wiping my hands on my already filthy dress. I told myself that I would go home, wait until nightfall and silently pack one suitcase. Then, I would make my way out of Treegap. At least far enough away to not be recognized. That night, after Mother and Father had gone to bed, I packed a suitcase. I was about to open the door to leave when I realized that I should tell them that I'm leaving. Dear Mother and Father, I am sorry, but I cannot live like this any longer. I will go to another town for a while. Maybe after a few years, I will return to Treegap. If a boy around the age of seventeen with the name of Jesse comes around, tell him to wait for me. And tell him that I still get up with the sun. Do not come looking for me. You will not find me and I do not wish to be found. Unless you are still alive when I return, earlier when you yelled at me will be the last time you will ever see me. Sincerely, Winnie Foster I left the note of the couch where Father normally sits to read the morning paper. Then I left my parents' home, not bring anything with me but the clothes on my back, two extra dresses, and a small portrait of my family and me. I walked down the lonely road, keeping an eye out for anybody who might try to rob me of my few things. In the city of Masonville, that was common. I wiped the sweat from my brow, wondering why it had to be so hot at night. I walked over to a bench and set my stuff down, sitting down beside it. I leaned back and let my head rest against the wall behind me. I closed my eyes and rested for a while. Suddenly, I felt a hand clamp itself over my mouth and I was dragged to the side and backwards. I struggled against whoever it was. They pinned me against the wall, their hand still over my mouth. I tried to scream, but a pair of familiar grey eyes stared back down at me. \"Shh!\" they hissed. I swiveled my eyes to look out to the street, about where I had been. Two burly men were walking down the street, knives and guns in their hands. They must not have seen my captor and I in the shadows, since they walked right past us. They, however, did not miss my suitcase. It was in shreds when my captor let me go. I peeled myself off the wall and looked at the man walking away. I recognized the shaggy brown hair as he rushed away. \"Miles?\" I called, hoping that it was him. The man rushing off froze. I kept going. \"Miles Tuck?\" He turned around. \"How do you know my name?\" he asked angrily. I took a step back, shocked. I would have thought that he'd remember me. \"It's me. Winnie Foster,\" I said slowly. This time, it was he who was stunned. \"Winnie?\" he asked incredulously. Then, surprisingly, he ran toward me and engulfed me in a hug. \"Jesse will be so happy.\" I was amazed. Miles had been so melancholy and unhappy when I last saw him. I was not complaining that he was happy again, but it was strange to see him like this. I hugged him back until I was set back down. Winnie,\" he said. \"Do you want to come back to the house with me? Everyone else should be home by now.\" I felt a smile spread across my face. \"Yes, I'd love to!\" Miles grabbed me hand and led me over to where the horse was. The horse had also drank from the well, so he'd been with the Tuck family since they got him. I climbed on behind Miles and made sure I wouldn't fall off; we took off. The trees and houses whistled past us. Soon, within ten minutes, we stopped in front of a house hidden in the edge of the woods. It didn't look anything like the Tuck's home in Treegap. Miles helped me off the horse and we walked up to the door and went inside. \"Ma!\" he called. \"Tuck! Jesse! I've got a surprise for you!\" One by one, I saw the rest of the Tuck family come down the stairs, each one rubbing their eyes sleepily. Mae Tuck stared at me for a moment. I smiled at her and she ran forward, hugging my tightly. I almost felt the air being squeezed out of me. I hugged her back. \"Oh, Winnie,\" she said. \"It's good to see you again.\" \"You too, Mae,\" I replied. I glanced up and saw Tuck and Jesse looking at me in shock. Jesse's mouth was hanging open, his eyes wide. Mae let go of me after a minute or so. Jesse still hadn't moved; neither had anybody else. I was close to rolling my eyes when I ran into Jesse's arms. \"Jesse!\" I squealed. I felt him unfreeze and he spun me around in circles. \"Winnie!\" I was almost positive that I was strangling him. Immortality must have good parts; like being hugged as tight as possible and not dying from the lack of oxygen. He set me down. Tuck must have come out of his stupor, because he bent down and hugged me too. \"It's good to see you again, Winnie.\" \"You too.\" Jesse grabbed my hand. \"Winnie, I have to show you something. Follow me!\" I smiled and waved to Miles, Tuck, and Mae while following Jesse back out the front door. We ran toward a small pond that was near the house. The first thing that happened was Jesse Tuck kissed me. It was the same as I had remembered from months before. His lips molded to mine as he tangled his fingers into my hair. I pressed myself to him, wrapping my arms around his neck. We pulled away, panting for breath. \"I missed you, Winnie,\" he whispered. \"I really did. It's been torture having to stay away.\" I nodded wrapping my arms around his neck again. \"For me, too. My parents made me testify against Mae and Tuck. They threatened to disown me.\" I felt a single tear glide down my cheek as I remembered that day. My parents were angry about what I had been saying. They told me that if I didn't testify against them then they would disown me. Even if Mae and Tuck had gotten away, they wanted to issue a manhunt. He rubbed my back soothingly. 'It's okay. I know you didn't mean anything. You wanted to please your parents,\" he said. \"I would have done the same thing.\" He pulled me away. \"Now, I have to show you something, Winnie. Follow me!\" Jesse turned around and took off running. I lifted my skirt and followed him. In the darkness, I could barely see anything. I followed him by his footsteps and breathing. Jesse must have stopped, because I ran into him. I laughed as he grabbed my elbows to keep me from falling over. He was laughing too. I gasped for breath slightly. \"Jesse Tuck, where are we going?\" I asked. He grabbed my hand again. \"It's a surprise. Close your eyes and follow me.\" I sighed in slight annoyance; I hated surprises with a passion. But I knew that Jesse wouldn't take me someplace I wouldn't like, so I followed him, slightly reluctant. Since I couldn't tell where we were going, I stumbled over roots and rocks while walking. I was happy that I stayed upright for the most part. Finally, when we stopped, Jesse grabbed my shoulders and turned me to face a certain spot. I felt his breath on my ear. \"Open your eyes, Winnie,\" he whispered. I felt a slight shiver roll down my spine. I opened my eyes and stared in awe at the sight in front of me. It was a field. The moon shone down on the middle of the field when there was a rock with a flat top. The grass around the rock was a bright green, even in the dimmed light. The moon was lower in the sky than it had been hours before, but I imagined that, at midnight, the moon would hover directly above the rock. The warm air felt different here, less humid than it had on the streets. It was almost as if the moon and darkness just took away the sweltering heat. \"Wow,\" I mumbled. \"Jesse Tuck, what is this place?\" He walked over to the rock and started climbing. \"It's a little clearing I found when we first got to Masonville. The moon hits the middle of the rock in the middle of the night. I normally come out here to watch it, but I went out and did some things in the afternoon and was beat by the time I got back.\" He held a hand out to help me onto the rock, which I gratefully accepted. Standing on the rock, I could almost look out over the tops of trees. I saw a light on in their house, which wasn't as far away as I had thought. I looked over my shoulder and saw Jesse lying on his back, staring up at the sky. It was beautiful. I laid down next to Jesse and looked at the sky with him. After a short while, I moved my head, hurting from no pillow beneath it and from lying on a hard rock, onto his shoulder. I moved closer to Jesse and grabbed his arm, tucking my head under his chin. It fit perfectly. Eventually, I must have fallen asleep, because I didn't remember much else. I faintly recalled waking up for a few minutes to climb down the rock and then being lifted up into someone's arms, but then I woke up on the couch with not much else to say for that night. I sat up and looked around the house for the first time. The sun lit everything up. The couch I was on was in the middle of the living room and there was a table in front of it. The kitchen, a room over, was filled with the Tucks. Their small table was filled with delicious looking food. To my left, I saw a staircase and figured that the bedrooms were up there. Mae was the first to notice that I was awake. \"Oh, good morning, Winnie. Are you hungry?\" I had missed her accent dearly. I nodded and stood up, pulling a blanket which had been thrown over me away. I walked over to the table and took the empty seat between Jesse and Mae, who was sitting at one end of the table. I filled my plate with lots of food. The unspoken rule (no talking while there is still food to be eaten) still applied, because nobody started up a conversation. After the table was cleared of food, everyone stood up simultaneously. It was strange that, after eighty years of not aging, they would do things the same way at the same time, sometimes without even realizing it. \"Hey, Winnie,\" Jesse said. \"Do you wanna come fishing with me? We haven't stocked up on fish lately and, personally, as much as I love Ma's flapjacks, I'd love to have some fish for dinner tonight.\" I giggled. \"Of course,\" I replied. I followed Jesse out to a lake, which was right outside their house. I hadn't seen it the night before. He grabbed two fishing poles and a couple of buckets and put them in the rowboat. I gingerly stepped inside and waited for him to get in and push the boat away. He did so and we rowed out to the middle of the lake, where we drifted. We sat there for a while in silence. It seemed that there really wasn't much to say. Then, he spoke. \"Winnie,\" he started. \"Did you drink from the spring?\" Since I was on the other end of the boat, looking away from him, I didn't turn around. I didn't want him to see the look on my face. \"Yes, I did.\" I couldn't see the look on his face either, so I didn't know if he was happy or upset. I was afraid of what Tuck would say. He probably thought he had convinced me not to drink from the spring when we went out in the boat before they'd had to leave. He would be disappointed. I felt Jesse grab my hand. \"I'm happy you did, Winnie,\" he told me. By the tone of his voice, I realized that it would be safe to look at him, seeing as he wasn't upset or angry. I would have been shocked if he was; he'd been the one to ask me to drink from it in the first place. His face was a mixed mask of happiness and shock. Did he truly think I would let him live without me? It would have been selfish of me to go either way, whether to drink from it or not. If I hadn't drank from the spring, it would have been selfish of me to have lived a long and full life with someone I could never love like Jesse Tuck. But, because I did drink it, it was selfish of me to take myself away from my family. But in the process, I gain a new family. After three hours of fishing, we were getting ready to head back to the house. For a moment, though, everything seemed perfect. The day was bright and happy, everything seemed to be going the way it should. My newly shortened hair shimmered in the water as we fished. We already had caught seven trout. Jesse, sitting behind me, yanked on his fishing pole. It came out of the water with no fish attached and flew through the air. And then that moment ended. A/N – Okay, how was that? I'd really appreciate feedback. I am going to be mixing a bit of the book into what happened in the movie. Like, Miles is nice in here. He was bitter in the movie, but after knowing that Winnie wasn't going to expose them, he started to be happy again. Also, for those of you that have read the book, I'm switching out the freeing Mae part. Like, in my version, at the end when they were saving Mae, instead of Winnie 'running' from Miles and Jesse, they take off the bars and she goes in through the window to take Mae's place. But, no matter how much I think the line was overkill, Jesse still hops onto the back of the wagon and says, \"I will love you, Winnie, till the day I die!\" Seriously, how many of you cried at least 3 times during this movie? I did. The first time was when Miles was telling his story, the second time when Jesse screamed that back to Winnie, and the third time at the very ending when he saw her tombstone. PLEASE REVIEW! Crissy ","Summary":" A/N – This is my version of what would have happened if Winnie had drank some of the water from the"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Dreamlike moments","Author":"No Fate 1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10621156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreamlike moments Random flashbacks Echoes of days future past A blossoming romance Magical enchantment Ballroom dancing Embraceable joy Reasons to stay alive ","Summary":" Dreamlike moments Random flashbacks Echoes of days future past A blossoming romance Magical enchant"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Till the Day I Die","Author":"GenderBender25","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9296428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:I don't own Tuck Everlasting. If I did, well I would be rich. And since I'm not... This is just because I think we need to know what went through Jesse's head/mind/thoughts/what-ever-you-want-to-call-it when he saw the grave. DUN DUN DUN! And my friend agrees it's a good idea. Thanks creativlybored! This short one-shot Drabble thing is dedicated to my awesome English Teacher who showed the class the movie. Thanks Spier! It's been so long. Surly no one will remember the strange family that used to live in the woods? No one, that is, except for my darling Winnie. As I promised, I came back. Of coarse Winnie might have expected me sooner, but I will finally take her to the Eiffel Tower. And maker her climb all One thousand six hundred and fifty-two steps. No way will I let her take the cheep way out: the elevators. I wonder how many of those she's rode in now. Or more important: Did she wake up with the dawn every day? I wonder what day she drank the water? Was it right after I left? The next morning? Or did she wait a week? Maybe she waited a year or two, so we'd look the same age. One thing for sure, I'm gonna marry her. No matter how many years it's been, I still love her as deeply as the depths of the sea. And will always love her. I will love that Winnie Foster until the day I die! I pulled my motorcycle off the main road and onto the path that served as a driveway to the Foster's home. The house was different. Well I guess I could assume that. It has been years. I parked the bike and strode up to the front door. A thought occurred to me ass I rang the door bell. What if she didn't live here anymore? What if she changed her name? What if the people who lived here now didn't know who I was talking about? How would I explain it so it didn't seem too old for my body? I smirked. Too old for my body? You could say that. The door opened revealing a blond woman of about twenty-five. \"Hello?\" she asked cautiously. I gave her a winning smile and asked, \"Hi, I'm Jesse. I'm looking for a Winifred Foster? Is she here?\" The girl gave me a look like I was crazy. \"No.\" Was her short answer, almost a snort. \"Well would you know where I could find her? Please, it's important!\" I so did not beg. Well, if it's for Winnie, then yes, I begged the woman to tell me where she was. The woman sighed and gestured to the forest. \"She's in there.\" \"Thank you.\" I don't know why she didn't say that in the first place! \"Oh,ah, wait.\" I turned back and gave the woman an expectant look. I hope it didn't look too annoyed. \"They say the woods are haunted. So be careful. And don't drink the water. Legend says it's poisoned. A slow, painful poison. That is, if you find the water. But who knows,\" she shrugged her shoulders, \"it would just be myth. It's your funeral if it is.\" I smirked. 'The water's poisoned,' eh? Nice one Winnie. I gave the woman a wink and turned around to enter the woods. The first place to look would be the spring. Even if Winnie's not there, I miss the heavenly taste of it. So I started in that direction. But I stopped dead upon catching sight of the old, large tree. There, at the base where the spring should be, rested a headstone. Oh no,no,no,no! This had to be a joke! I told myself to calm down, that it couldn't be her grave, just a fraud, to keep people from drinking the water on accident! But as I neared the slab of granite, passing through the array of wild flowers, I saw it. Winifred Foster. I sank to my knees. There it was, in plain sight. The rock marking where my dear Winnie lay. Dead. On the spring. Tears stung at the back of my eyes. She was supposed to stay with me forever! To travel the world with me! To take off her shoes and climb every single, solitary step with me! NO! Why didn't she drink the water? Just as the tears spilled from my eyes a frog croaked. I let the tears fall until I had run out. How long had I knelled here? How long had memories of our time spent together flashed through my mind? We Tucks never do know do we? I whipped my eyes, attempting to clear the burned and blurry vision. No words could punctuate my sorrow. But as I went to stand, I took in the rest of the headstone. In Loving Memory Winifred Foster Jackson Dear Wife - Dear Mother 1899-1999 Jackson? Wife? Mother? She lived to be a hundred. When she died, I was a hundred and eighty nine. When she died, she loved her husband and she died, I still loved her. A swelling anger built up alongside my grief. Not only did she leave me, she married another man. Fell in love, a deeper love than she had for me it seems. Love enough to grow old. To bear his children, to die. How long did it take her to know she loved this Jackson? Did she know the second she saw him he was special? As I knew for her? Did she fall head-over-heals for him that very same day? As I did for her? Did she ever have to leave him? As I did her? I think I finally understand the hatred Miles has for the world. That clenching in the heart that can never be unleashed. The pain of betrayal. The brokenness inside. Miles and I share something in common now, don't we? We both lost the women we love because they wouldn't drink the God-damned water! They both left us, after promising to stay with us forever. He still wore his wedding ring. I had nothing. I can't believe it, she left me. She left me to live a broken nothingness of a life! If you could've call it living, it's not living without her. And she left me. She left me. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:I don't own Tuck Everlasting. If I did, well I would be rich. And since I'm not... This "},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Sincerely, Sara","Author":"furturtle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10740126","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sincerely, Sara Dear Mother and Father I'm Sorry for the inconvenience of us not being there when you had arrived back home. I hope this diary left attached to this letter will explain what happened while you were away. I will also lave my address so that you can write to me. I hope you forgive me and Alice. Sincerely, Sara Diary Entry #1 Tomorrow my parents leave to find husbands for both me and my sister Alice. Which I am happy about for I am 16 almost a full behind all the other girls my age, they already have husbands. It's looking after my brother, Matthew (Matt), and Alice on end that I'm not fond of. But I guess it is good practice since I'm raise my own family someday soon. I am writing this not only to remember my last few months as being \"single\" but so every time my sister screws up (like she always dose) I have record of it. P.S. I have heard most people treat a diary as a friend to tell anything to, so in that case, my name is Sara Jennifer Lotus Rowe. I have two siblings, Alice Poppy Marie Rowe who is 13 ½ and a constant throne in my side in my side, and Matthew (Matt) Donavon Lee Rowe who is three years old. Diary Entry #2 My parents left this morning so until further notice I must maintain the house hold. I had taken a part-time working for the Brewers (one of the richest family's on the block). Only part-time because who knows where my husband lives. I hope my parents are able to find me a husband with a good stable job so we can go off of his earnings. But I can't wish for anything of a husband, I marry whom ever they choose. Diary Entry #3 First week since my parents left and I have nothing to report. Alice hasn't caused much trouble, I guess we are both too nervous about getting married and I way too busy with my job to be nosey into her life. At this rate this diary won't be necessary. Also in other news I had received word from my parents saying that someone told them there are a lot of edible bachelors over seas, maybe I might be moving further then I thought. Diary Entry #4 Three days since I last wrote and I have news, big news. Here is how this morning played out. \"Dam it, I'm goanna be late\" I murmured. \"Alright I'm off to the market\" Alice yelled already out the door. \"Wait\" I followed her out trying to put my hair in a bun at the same time \"Stop by the post office to- Oh\" and their she was just a few houses down. Wrapped in the arms of a young man about a year older than her. \"eh-hem\" I said loudly. \"Sara!\" Alice look up with her wide hazel eyes. I headed back inside. \"Sara wait\" Alice ran after me. \"Why, Why should I even care if your in a mans arms when our parents are out trying to find us both husbands. Husbands with good and stable jobs to release our family from debt. What kind of job dose that that man have?\" I yelled. \"Manufacturing\" she mumbled \"Manufacturing, a job already being taken by machine\" I argued but she said nothing \"How would he even be able to provide for you and a family?\" She still said nothing. I shook my head and left for work. Diary Entry #5 Two days have come and gone and I haven't said a word to Alice. She try and brake the silence but I wont give in respond. Dairy Entry #6 I can't believe what happened to me earlier today. I didn't have work today so I decide to take a walk to the park. However something happened along the way. I was about to the turn the corner when I heard \"stop theft, Tweet\". The next thing I knew I was pulled into an alleyway and pined against the brick wall. The young man holding me wore a white shirt, suspenders, short brown curly hair, and almost acrylic green eyes. I heard running footsteps and the same voice \"Find him\". It was at that moment his lips pressed agents mine and kissed me until the footsteps faded. I wanted to yell and scream at him but I was at a loss of words, and before I could think of anything clever to say he was gone. I noticed a piece of paper in my hand, written in big letters read the word \"Thanks.\" Diary Entry #7 I don't even know what's in my head right now. I prepared for bed, with my night gown on I dimmed the lamp and closed my eyes. Not long after I had fallen asleep he, yes he, the ally kissing thief, Climb Onto the roof and into my open window. He must have seen his \"Thank You\" note lying on the night stand because he kissed me again! I woke up immediately and slapped the figure in front of me. \"Oww!\" He said. I sat up and turned back on the lamp. \"Hello There\" he responded. \"You\" I almost shouted. We both looked out the window to hear the same voice as before. \"Find him he couldn't have gotten far\" \"I know what your going to say 'We need to stop meeting like this\" he said playing with his note he gave me. \"Stop Meeting all together\" I mumbled. \"The names Terence\" he said. \"Was it very smart of you to tell me your name?\" I asked. \"No Probably Not\" He said getting up and heading out to the roof. \"Sara\" I said before he left. He looked up at me. \"My name is Sara Jenifer Lotus Rowe\" \"Was it very smart to give me your full name\" He replied. \"Well I wont have that name for long\" I answered \"And why is that?\" He asked with a chuckle. \" My parents are trying to find me a husband because when it came time to start their search they were too busy caring for Matt, my new born brother at the time.\" I said loudly and turned my back as he left. Diary Entry #8 I think Alice found out what had been happening for the past few days. I had gone to work early to get a head start on the day. (Therefore all this information is what Alice confronted me when I got home.) Alice was in the kitchen located at the back of the house washing dishes. Terence decides to try and sneak up to my room thinking that I was still home, using the back door located in the kitchen. Alice shrieked at the intruder. Terence asked \" I thought I had the right house, doesn't Sara live here\" \"Sara?\" Alice said\" I'm her sister, she's at work. Can I help you?\" \"No I just wanted to see here\" Terence said with a smile. So that evening had came home a very long day. Alice waited for me at the door. When I came in I Simply dodged her to hang my coat. She didn't move more than an inch. \"I can't believe you still won't talk to me\" she said. I shrugged back. \"Oh, Someone came by to see you\" she said. \"What?\" I snapped. \"A man tried to enter through the back door looking for you. He had brown hair, green eyes\" she followed me. \"Terence?\" I said hoping Alice didn't just hear me. \"Ah-ha\" she shouted \"who are you to tell me that I can't see and be in a mans embrace if you have a man who has already been in our house\" \"Shut it Alice\" I said \"No why should I-\" Alice said. \"I couldn't control the situation, not like\" it was at the moment I broke down and told me everything, and she sat down beside me and ands told me everything. She told me that his name is Richard, and how they met at the market. And how he wants live in America someday. Diary Entry #9 I had woke up and headed strait down after gestating dressed to fid Alice running around the house like a wild goose. \"I can't find Matt\" she called to me. \"What do you mean you can't find him\" I yelled. \"I went to wake him up and he wasn't there\" Alice pleaded. We both started going insane around the house calling out his name, when we hear the back door creek open. \"Matt!\" I like around the corner only to see Terence. \"Hey, Sara met your sister yesterday-\" Terence started. \"Terence not now\" I said \"Matt's missing\" \"What!\" he replied. \"Okay Alice you stay here in case he come back home\" I intruded \"Come look with me?\" I asked Terence. He nodded \" let's start at the park\" We searched till dark and couldn't find him \"That's it's we can't find him\" I said in tears. \"Hey, don't say that. Let's go back to the house and see if he has back home.\" Terence said lightly kisses my forehead. Sure enough as we walk in I see Matt sitting at the table \"Matt\" I knelt beside him and hugged him \"Don't ever scare me or Alice like that again.\" I already gave him a lectured him\" Alice said coming out of the kitchen. \"When did he get here?\" I asked \"About two hours ago\" Alice said \"Richard found him trying sneak on the next train and took him back home.\" \"Matt why where you getting on that train?\" I asked \"I wanted to run away, 'cause you and Alice were going to leave\" he mumbled sweetly. I reached out and hugged him lightly. \"Sara, can I talk to you outside side\" Terence asked and I pulled away and followed him out. \"Thank you\" I said. \"Any time\" he replied \"What was it that you wanted to talk about?\" I asked There was a short silence and then he finally spoke. \"I love you, Sara, with my job at the pacing factory I'm in no finical state of marring you. But I want to spend the rest of my life with you\" he exclaimed. \"Terence, my parents are out there somewhere trying to find me a husband, but I love you too and I want to send the rest of my life with you too\" I replied. And we kissed passionately, so much so that we lost track of time and of all the outside forces itself. Diary Entry #10 Not long after I met Richard and he proposed to Alice. Hey are now married and live in America. I moved to the city with Matt and Terence in a small apartment. We are planning to get married sometime next year. Matt is now okay with it and cant for my parents to get home. I had started this diary to document the mistakes my sister makes, but instead she taught me about love. ","Summary":" Sincerely, Sara Dear Mother and Father I'm Sorry for the inconvenience of us not being there when y"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"115 years to late","Author":"abbydepp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6905722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Winnie's POV) I looked over the incredible view of Paris. The Eiffel tower would have been a lot more enjoyable with the man who convinced me of going here. I smiled to myself. Jesse Tuck. My love. Who I haven't seen in 115 years. How you ask? Jesse and his family: Miles, May, and Angus Tuck were people who drank from a spring at the bottom of a tree. Little did they know that the spring was magical and made them immortal. So then I came along and fell head over heals in love with Jesse. Who returned the feelings, I might add. But of course, something had to happen. The Tuck's were being tracked by a man in a yellow suit who had heard about them by his grandmother. Well, when the man in the yellow suit shows up and tries to hurt me. May responds by hitting him in the back of the head with a huge piece of wood. Which killed him. Then my father showed up and took me back home. (Did I mention the Tuck's technically kid-napped me.) After about a day, May was charged of murder and was to be hanged. But the problem with that was she couldn't die. So Jesse, Miles, and I thought up a plan and save May and Angus from the prison. My smile grew as I thought of what Jesse told me as he was about to leave, \"Go back to the spring. Drink from it, when it is safe I'll come back to get you. Winnie Foster I will love you until the day I die!\" Then he, along with the ret of the Tuck's, had run from Tree Gap. And I haven't seen them since. My smile faded. So I did what Jesse told me to do, I went back to the spring and drank from it. After 115 years, this leads us to now. I was looking out at Paris, France from the top of the Eiffel Tower which was magnificent. 115 years earlier, Jesse and I would always talk about traveling the world together. We especially wanted to go to the Eiffel Tower. And climb up all 1652 steps to get to the very top. I smiled again. Someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned an old man asked me to take a picture of him and his wife with the view in the background. I said sure and took there picture. (Jesse's POV) I rode my motorcycle to the familiar rode of Tree Gap, I saw the gates of Winifred Foster's old abandon looking house. How pathetic of me! I thought to myself . I tell her to wait for me and come back 115 years later? What was I thinking? I parked my motorcycle by a tree in the woods and walk deep in the woods looking for the spring. While walking, I think of my love, Winnie Foster, her beauty was ravishing, her laugh was Heaven bells, and her smile was like the blind seeing the sun for the first time. I closed my eyes and smiled as I imagined her face. When I entered the circle, I saw the tree with the spring who Angus had carved a \"T\" into to know where we had drunken so many years ago. I looked around the small circle, no Winnie, my heart dropped. I walked toward the water of the spring. I drank from it. Once again, the water tasted like Heaven. I suddenly noticed a rock with a letter under it. I picked up the letter to hopefully. It read, \"Jesse if you are reading this I drank from the spring and I have gone to Paris, France and I will be at the top of the Eiffel Tower everyday for a year. Love, Winnie Foster. 2-8-2002.\" (the date was 3-4-2002) I stared at the letter in shock and then I started jumping for joy. \"She is still alive! She is still alive! She drank from the spring! She still loves me! She's at the Eiffel Tower!\" I stopped jumping and hugged the note. \"I have got to get to the Eiffel Tower, now! I'm coming Winnie, I'm coming!\" I ran back to my motorcycle and kicked it into gear. Heading for the nearest airport, an hour later I was on a plane to Paris. My smile had not gone away. My love for Winnie Foster was growing as I grew closer to her. I'm coming, Winnie Foster, I love you. (Winnie's POV) I had gotten to know the couple that I took the picture of a little better. There names were Tom and Sarah. Tom was a retired Veteran and Sarah had just retired a week ago from being a nurse. \"So, Winnie, did you climb up all those steps?\" Sarah asked me. \"Yes, ma'am, I did. All 1652 steps.\" I smiled. Thinking of Jesse again. \"Well we took the elevator, there is no way my feet could take that many steps.\" Tom laughed. \"Yes, well I took off my shoes and ran up them.\" I smiled again. \"Are you here alone, Winnie? Or…?\" Sarah asked me. \"I'm kind of waiting on someone. But I'm not alone when I think of him.\" I just couldn't stop smiling. \"I see. That is how I think when I think of my Tom.\" She smiled at her husband. Tom kissed her on the cheek. \"Aww!\" I said before I could help myself. Tom blushed and Sarah laughed. \"Well, would you like us to wait with you or do you want to be alone with him?\" Sara asked. I contemplated that. \"You can go, if you should like. I don't want you to stay just for me, I'm not even sure when he is coming.\" I smiled sadly. \"He'll come. You seem like a very lovely spirit. He will come.\" Tom said touching my shoulder. \"Thank you.\" I smiled and nodded. ( Jesse's POV) I bolted up the winding stairs to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Please be here! Winnie stay here I'm coming for you. (Winnie's POV) \"Well here is our cell phone number.\" Tom handed me a card. \"If you need anything. We would love to meet him one-day.\" Tom smiled. \"What is his name, dear?\" Sarah asked before I could answer Tom. \"Thank you Tom. His name is Jesse. Jesse Tuck.\" I smiled. \"Such a nice name. You love him don't you.\" Sarah asked, I nodded. \"He loves you to. You too share a tight bond. I can see it in your eyes. And you haven't seen each other in a long time, have you?\" \"Long time.\" I repeated sadly. (Jesse's POV) Finally the top of the stairs showed daylight. I started searching for her. \"Winnie!\" I yelled. \"Winifred?\" (Winnie's POV) \"Well we should get going.\" Tom said to me and Sarah. \"Okay. Well thank you for everything and thanks for giving me your number. I'll call you sometimes.\" I hugged them both and they waved and went to the elevator pushed a button and the doors shut. I smiled after them. Such nice people. They reminded me of May and Angus. \"Winnie Foster?\" I heard someone say in the distance. I saw a man running toward me yelling my name. Who was he? Was that…? No, it couldn't be. Wait! It is! \"Jesse.\" I whispered. Then I remembered he couldn't hear me. \"Jesse! Jesse! Jesse Tuck!\" His beautiful face turned to me and he ran toward me. I ran toward him. He caught me in his arms and securely held me to his body. \"Jesse. You're here.\" I pulled back to look at his face. \"Winnie, you're here.\" He said smiling. Kissing me romantically. I can't believe I lasted so long without those lips of his. He pulled away. \"You drank from the spring.\" He smiled hugely. \"I did.\" I nodded. \"Why?\" \"I realized I couldn't live without you. Jesse Tuck, I realized I am in love with you.\" I smiled and kissed his cheek. \"I love you too! So much, Winnie!\" He said as he twirled me around and around. \"How did I live 115 years without you?\" I said out loud. \"I was asking myself the same question. I love you, so so much Winnie Foster.\" \" I love you more, Jesse Tuck.\" \" Not a chance.\" He smiled. \"I'm so sorry it took so long for me to find you.\" \" Don't apologize Jesse. I understand.\" \" I love you, I missed you so much, please be mine. Winnie Foster marry me.\" \" Yes! Yes! Of course Jesse Tuck!\" I kissed him again and then we told stories enjoyed the Eiffel Tower together. After 115 years of waiting I had finally found my prince charming, and his name was Jesse Tuck. We would live forever enjoying each other company, exploring every spec of the world and being happy. ","Summary":" (Winnie's POV) I looked over the incredible view of Paris. The Eiffel tower would have been a lot m"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Because of You Winnie's Reflections","Author":"Tara16rider","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7762726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a poem inspired by the film Tuck Everlasting. Winnie reminisces on her time with Jesse Tuck after many years later. Because I Knew You Once I was lost in the forest of my fears Without direction, without hope, without love, Fleeing my future into the land of the unknown One look, one fate, one chance At finding you and your free spirit Of adventure, of daring, of joy That if I had never known you I wouldn't have the Courage to fly away, energy to dance all night long, and understanding that what we shared was real You taught me how to truly enjoy life in the simplest of ways Telling tales by the fire, running through fields, and speaking to the animals Now I am changed for the better because I knew you And one day when time disappears and our paths are destined to cross again I shall meet you, my friend, on this mountain we've built together that shall never crumble A mountain of faith, of friendship, and of love That I will learn to climb even without you. (Inspired by the movie Tuck Everlasting ) ","Summary":" This is a poem inspired by the film Tuck Everlasting. Winnie reminisces on her time with Jesse Tuck"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Everlasting","Author":"Hannie4321","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9050838","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Hey! I'm back! I know I haven't written in a while. I'm sorry. Things have got busy. I'm finally done with basketball, which is what was dragging me down. So now, I'm going to write more!:) With Love, Hannie4321 CHAPTER 1: Walking through the woods, I looked for a tree. Now, I know what your thinking. ' You're in a woods! There are trees everywhere! ' Well, I'm looking for a special tree. A tree with a T carved into it. That tree marks the spot where, the Tucks, a family who once lived in these woods. Those people will forever hold a special place in my heart. Especially one. Jesse Tuck. The boy I fell in love with. They have a big secret... they can live forever. The spring that I'm kneeling by, grants you the power to live forever. The Tucks drank from this spring, and marked a T into the trunk. After that the left this place. The oldest boy, Miles, got married and had kids, but his wife left him after she realized he wasn't aging. The couple, Angus and Mae, lived in a small house. The boys would come and visit every 10 years. That was how life for them went along. Until I came along. I ran away from home. My life was so stuffy. I couldn't do anything, I couldn't even leave the yard! I finally slipped out and ran through the woods. I came to a small clearing, and there stood a boy. He was drinking from a spring coming out of the trunk of a big oak tree. We talked for a while, when I asked if I could have a drink. \"No! That's a bad idea!\" \"Why? I've walked for a long time now, and I'm thirsty.\" \"You wouldn't want this water. It's poisonous.\" \"You drank from it.\" And that's how I meet Jesse Tuck. After that, Miles kidnapped me and took me home. I spent the night there, and the next morning, Jesse took me some where. After a long walk, we came upon a clearing. It overlooked a huge valley, filled with trees. The view was breathtaking. After that we spent the day together. We went swimming. (Which wasn't very enjoyable. I don't know how to swim!) Then, that night, we sat down and talked. Jesse started to bang to sticks on the rock, and I started to dance to the beat. After that, we sat down. Jesse kissed me than, and I felt like my body was on fire. Miles popped into the clearing, and told me the story. The next day, a man came to our house. I've only seen him once before. He would wear this weird yellow suite. He was kinda creepy. He took me and told me he knew about the spring. And he was going to take me back to my family. I didn't want to leave Jesse. I watched in horror as he took out a gun from no where and shot Jesse in the stomach. Jesse dropped to his knees, then stood up. He was okay! The man dragged me along, then, to my surprise, Mae took a gun and hit the man over the head. He was dead. Soon, I heard my father shouting in the distance. \"Go Jesse, Miles, Go.\" It was Angus. He wanted them to get away. Jesse looked at me, then reluctantly left with Miles. My father came then, giving me a hug. After that, we broke Mae and Angus out of prison, and the Tucks had to leave. \"I'll always love you Winnie Foster! Until the day I die!\" was the last words Jesse said to me. That was the last time I seen him. Now, here I kneel, at the base of the stream. The stream that can grant me life forever. Taking the water in my hand, I scooped it up close to my mouth. ' This is for you Jesse. ' I thought as I took a sip. Sealing my fate. So...I've decided on a change of fanfiction. That's why I'm writing this. This is going to be fun! I can feel it. With Love, Hannie4321 ","Summary":" A/N Hey! I'm back! I know I haven't written in a while. I'm sorry. Things have got busy. I'm finall"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Strange Shadows","Author":"Pelahnar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7132699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Tuck Everlasting. A/N: This is based on the scene where Jesse, Miles and Winnie are rescuing Mae and Tuck. It's one of my favorite scenes in the movie, second only to when Winnie and Jesse are swimming, and I really really wanted to write something about it. It's from the Deputy's point of view - as he didn't have a name in the movie, I called him Sam. When Sam stopped running, he knew it was too late. He'd been gone too long – like a fool, he'd believed that the kidnappers had actually come back to life after he shot them. He saw now, now that they were far away, that he'd never hit them at all. They were just pretending, in order to freak him out. And it had worked. How he had managed to miss at such point-blank range… Sam didn't waste any more time on idle thoughts. The fact was that he had abandoned Miss Foster when she needed him, taken up by idiotic superstitions. He turned around and began running back toward the jail without hope. The young men would've already freed their parents…already taken the girl away again. Nonetheless, he ran on. When he arrived at the jail, his fears were confirmed. The noose on the gallows swung slightly in the wind, but that was the only sign that Winifred Foster or those Tucks had ever been there. They were gone, all gone. Cursing himself to an eternity in hell, the deputy set off running once more this time in search of a horse to take him to the Fosters' house. It would be terrible, bringing them news like this just after Miss Foster had been returned, but it would be worse to wait. If only it weren't all his fault. The journey seemed to take no time at all. \"Mr. Foster!\" He yelled as soon as he leapt off the horse. \"Mrs. Foster!\" He pounded on the front door. Mr. Foster opened the door slowly, looking very irritated – dressed in his sleeping clothes; it was midnight, after all. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Foster.\" Sam gasped for breath. \"Your daughter – they've taken her again. She said they were going to kill her!\" Suddenly something occurred to him. \"But surely you knew? She said you couldn't stop them!\" \"I don't know what you're talking about!\" Mr. Foster said with no little anger in his voice. \"Winifred is safe in bed. The kidnappers wouldn't dare come here.\" \"Robert?\" Mrs. Foster had a dressing gown wrapped around her tightly. \"Robert, what is going on?\" She asked coolly. \"Dear, will you go check on Winifred? The deputy says the Tucks have taken her again.\" With a slight gasp, the woman swept out of the room. She returned a few moments later, a sleepy Winifred at her side. \"What?\" Miss Foster asked Sam flatly. \"I – you – but, those men…\" Sam trailed off, at a loss for words. \"They kidnapped you.\" He said faintly. \"Y-you came to the jail, you wanted protected.\" \"When?\" \"Just now. Only half an hour ago, if that.\" Her eyebrows came together. \"I've been sleeping all night.\" She said. \"And I'm tired, so if you'll excuse me, I'd like to go back to bed.\" \"You… weren't at the jail?\" Sam asked hesitantly. \"You weren't calling for help?\" \"No.\" Miss Foster was the one who sounded irritated now. \"If you'll excuse me?\" Without waiting for a response, she turned and went back to her bedchambers. \"But I was sure…\" Sam paused, then shook his head to clear it. \"Whether she was there or not, it doesn't change one thing: the woman – the murderess – is gone and her husband with her.\" Mr. Foster sighed. \"Thank you for your concern about my daughter, but as you can see, she's perfectly safe. If you've lost your prisoners, then that is your affair. Please start looking for them and let us get some sleep.\" He closed the door. Sam went back to the horse, confused and doubtful. Doubting his own memory. It had been so vivid. He had no imagination; he couldn't have thought that up. He trotted back to the station, just to prove to himself that the Tucks were really gone, whether Miss Foster had come that night or not. Their cell was empty. But now, as he thought over the events of that evening, they did seem a bit strange. The girl was pounding at the door, screaming for help. When he let her in, she babbled about how the kidnappers were coming back, how they wanted to kill her. Which didn't make any sense. If this family wanted her dead, why hadn't they killed her before? And besides, the real Winifred Foster – as opposed to this phantom one – insisted that the Tucks had meant her no harm and that she'd stayed with them willingly. If she really had been kidnapped again, he would've assumed that she had not realized the danger until they returned, but as she hadn't…The memories continued. He assured her he would take care of it – what else could he do? He grabbed a gun and hurried out the door, only to be met with the oddest sight he'd ever seen. They were strangely picturesque, these two figures emerging from the dusty street. The wind whipped their extremely theatrical cloaks around and their top hats were clearly visible when the lightning flashed. Visible also were the slightly curved swords that they carried. Swords? Top hats? Cloaks? Not to mention the swirling dust and crashing thunder. Not that there hadn't been a storm – Sam checked out the window, just to be sure – but it had framed their arrival so well. Too well. He was surprised he hadn't realized all this at the time. They approached – slowly, but not cautiously, not at all. They walked more with a careless swagger than anything else. One looked at the other, expectantly. As if on cue, the other called out, \"Come out and meet your doom! Hell is upon you!\" Sam rubbed his eyes, disgusted with himself. What sort of person said that sort of thing? And why had it all seemed so planned? Flourishing their swords, the men began coming closer once more. \"Stop right there!\" He called back. Despite the strangeness of the scene – surely he'd noticed it, even then – these were the kidnappers, and they had to be kept from the girl. \"You're under arrest!\" He shook the gun at them – they didn't even seem to see it, both staring right at his face. Thunder crashed. \" Stay back now! I'll shoot!\" They didn't stop, or even slow. Left with no other choice, he shot them, two bullets in each of their chests. The second one – could he have imagined it? – the second one spread his arms wide even as his brother fell. Daring, no, inviting him to shoot. Which he did, and they both landed on the ground. Sam reminded himself quickly that they had only been pretending. He'd missed, that much was clear. Lightning flashed again, and the first sat up, then got to his feet. He glanced down at where the bullets had hit – where he thought the bullets had hit – and then looked up again, smiling , of all things. Even as he did, the second was following suit. He raised the gun a little, uncertain. Would shooting again…? Then the panic took over and he began running, not looking back until he was miles away. Was it a dream? Was it insanity? Not a dream – he had found himself miles from the police station, and the Tucks were gone. That much was true, so it wasn't a dream. He thought, just for a moment, that it might have been an elaborate act. Winifred Foster was pretending to need help so that he would be distracted by the boys while she… Set free the people who had kidnapped her, the woman who had killed the man trying to rescue her? Whatever she said, it had to be kidnapping, and she had to know that. And all the evidence pointed to murder. And besides, Sam told himself firmly, Miss Foster had never even been to the station that night, so she couldn't have been involved. Which left the last option – that he, himself, was mad. He'd seen things that weren't there – in which case, who knew, he could've hit them and they came back to life – and run from them. The real kidnappers had seen him running and taken advantage of his absence. Slowly, Sam let out a long breath and resolved not to mention the details of what had happened to anyone. He'd dozed at his post, dreamed that the girl had come and the Tucks had been rescued. When he had galloped off to tell her family, they really had escaped. That was the story that he was going to tell anyone who asked. Determined in this course of action, Sam stood and went to alert the Constable that there had been a breakout. A/N: Please review! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Tuck Everlasting. A/N: This is based on the scene where Jesse, Miles and W"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Limited Life and Forever Love","Author":"Mademoiselle Anime Amour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7764935","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I saw this movie only the second time just yesterday, and I decided that that epilogue there at the end needed a little lengthening. Disclaimer: I don't own the movie or the book it's based off of. Limited Life and Forever Love Winnie Foster had gotten married at age twenty-three to a man named Alexander Jackson. After Jesse, she had doubted for years that she would ever meet anyone half as amazing. Though Alex wasn't exactly a proper replacement for that vibrant boy whose personality was larger than life, he came close. And for Winnie, close enough was perfectly suitable for her. When she had met Alexander at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York among her many travels with her parents, she'd been struck instantly by the color of his eyes. Blue with perhaps a hint of gray. His short brown hair was wavy, and he overall was handsome. Once they'd exchanged names and proceeded to converse about the simple beauty of Van Gogh's paintings, Winnie had assumed that maybe this man would be interesting after all. She had ended up having many reasons for marrying Alex. For one, he had a sense of humor that could be constantly found in those blue-gray eyes. For another, he had had a similar background to hers growing up. He'd been sheltered as a young boy not because of overprotective parents but because of boyhood illness. The minute he'd gotten better, he had confided to her, he planned on spending the rest of his life enjoying every minute of it. A sentiment Winnie could full-heartedly share with him. Despite the satisfying years following their wedding, however, she soon realized that she could only love Alex as a best friend. It was enough love to thrive on and to grow as two lifelong companions. Divorce was the last thing on her mind; after all, she had since brought their two children into the world. But, she knew (in her heart, must have always known) that her heart would eternally belong to another. That that one blissful summer (and yet somehow painful) had ultimately shown her what life and love truly meant in the grand scheme of things. Winnie was also aware that it was hopeless to try forgetting about her days spent with the Tucks. Quite frankly, she never wanted to forget. Every now and again, when she washed dishes during the day with Alex at work, she wondered about the spring. Was it still there by that ancient oak, bubbling and gurgling? If she had followed through with drinking out of it as she'd longed to back then, how much would her life have changed? In the end, it didn't matter, not that much anyway. She had made her choices without once regretting them. And she would never have to worry about living forever and its consequences. One night when she was tucking Emma and Jesse into bed, for instance, Winnie figured out that she would have never wished to outlive her children. No mother would want that at all, to bury her own flesh and blood. That night, seven-year-old Emma asked, \"Mama, can you tell us that Tuck story again?\" \"Please, Mama,\" five-year-old Jesse begged. She never told them if it was real or fantasy. No, it was best to leave it up to them to decide. Though for her, that story would be as real to her as though it had happened yesterday. Sometimes, it definitely felt like it. And some days, when doing something as menial as washing dishes or hanging the laundry out on the clothesline on a sunny spring day, Winnie would let her mind go back to that day. The day she would always remember, the one when she and Jesse (the vivacious young man for whom her son was named) climbed the cliff Eiffel Tower. Now, she had seen the real one in Paris twice, once with her parents and the other time with her husband. But, even that tower in the City of Lights couldn't compare to the one she'd climbed with Jesse. And what followed after, the swim and her first kiss...Hearing his voice that had that light, sweet Southern drawl... On those days, Winnie had had to blink back tears, for she was far away from those days and that boy. What was he doing now? Did he still think of her as often as she thought of him? Well, she could assure herself, of course. He would love her forever, and his vow more than likely held up. Glancing back toward little Emma with her black curls and gray eyes and Jesse with his toffee-colored hair and blue eyes, Winnie let out a content sigh. No matter how much she loved (and would always love) the older Jesse, she was right where she was meant to be. She belonged as the storytelling mother to her happy young ones. \"All right. Once upon a time, there was a girl named Winnie...\" \"That's your name,\" Emma pointed out with a giggle. Winnie smiled back. \"Yes, but this is a different Winnie.\" Technically, she wasn't lying. This favorite story of her children centered around a different girl from a different time, a different place. It was also about that girl falling in love with a boy who would always stay the same. Back on his motorcycle, Jesse headed out on the road again, chancing a glance back over his shoulder at the stately old house he would leave behind. This time, for good. Now that he'd known the fate of Winnie, there was no point in remaining in Tree Gap. All he had was the open road before him, stretched out for eternity as far as he could tell. He smiled dryly at the thought. He'd figured that Winnie would end up not drinking out of the spring, no matter how much his selfish heart had desired for that to happen. She wouldn't have wanted to share his family's fate in the long run, considering it could be lonely and heartbreaking. Mainly, Jesse could only guess that as loving as Winnie was, she would have wanted to have children at some point. Aware of what poor Miles had been through, he personally wouldn't have wanted to find out what that could have resulted in. Happiness? Yes. But, as for the pain? A whole lot of it, especially if they'd wound up burying their kids. Jesse could conclude that if Winnie had drank from the spring and if he had come back for her when she did, there would have been a hundred years of carefree innocence. Unfortunately, like innocence, most things couldn't last forever. Except for him and his family. Fifty years after the encounter with Winnie, they had all separated. Miles lived out west in the reclusive Oregon woods the last time he'd checked. It was a bit sad that that was the case, but it suited his older brother. It wasn't that surprising after going through that much heartache and agony that he would do that. As for Mae and Angus, they currently lived in bustling New York, where they could be two anonymous people among millions. Thanks to the general apathy from people of modern times, none of them would ever have to worry about their secret coming out again. It was lonely, keeping this secret all to himself, but Jesse knew it was for the best. Besides, the positive thing about being alone was that he had his freedom. With his motorcycle, he had been everywhere in this country. From the Smoky Mountains to the Golden Gate Bridge, he had enjoyed the wonders of America. As for international travel, he'd been to the real Eiffel Tower sixteen times among all of that. And had never gotten tired of it, not once. For, it constantly reminded him of that one special girl in his eternal life. When he'd told Winnie that he would love her until (if?) he died, he'd meant it. No other girl had replaced her in his heart since. Whenever Jesse ventured over to places like the mall, certain parks, or even the grocery store, he would notice that he caught the eye of more than one young lady. However, he wasn't interested in their admiring gazes. One special pair of blue-violet eyes would be all he could possibly care about. Admittedly, some part of him stung when he could tell from her tombstone that she'd gotten married, moved on from him. Yet, what they'd shared that summer she couldn't have permanently gotten over. No way. They'd experienced the forever kind of love, one that knew no limit and one that could continue after death. After the end of the world even. And Jesse knew better than anyone that it was a rare thing to find that particular kind of love. No matter how long anyone lived. In fact, he was really proud of Winnie for leading a life of her own after that summer. It showed just how strong a person she had been in her life. Hopefully, she'd had some adventures too, some inkling of freedom that allowed her to really live. And yet, Jesse wondered, had she thought of him as often as he'd thought of her? Well...Probably, maybe when she was doing something as ordinary as tucking her kids into bed. Telling stories that lulled them to sleep, maybe she'd told them their story. Now, that would have been remarkable. That would have meant that Winnie had had love for him still, even if she'd been married to another man. That would have meant their love had survived. And maybe, just maybe, there had always remained in her that spirited young girl running in that grassy field with him. The girl with the braid, beautiful and radiant in the summer sunshine. That lasting image of her running in his mind caused tears to well up in Jesse's eyes. He blinked them back successfully and kept on driving down the open road. No going back now. Only ahead. However, as the wind ran through his hair, he liked to have thought it was her caress. A sign from her in heaven. \"I love you, Winnie Foster,\" he whispered to the sky. \"Forever.\" For a hundred more years (one for each year of her lengthy life), he would keep that promise. And even longer than that, until the end of time. ","Summary":" A/N: I saw this movie only the second time just yesterday, and I decided that that epilogue there a"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"To Be Everlasting","Author":"MegaxXxMonster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7967017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There are minor changes, like the year of her death, and a few other minors like how the whole Tuck family is at he grave. This is all in Winnie's POV just for the heads up I sat down on the old rocking chair that I had finally convinced my husband to take out of the attic and into one of the rooms of our house. He had been content on throwing the old thing away but I had refused. The pure oak wood - even through all the years of use - still had a slight feel of the woods to them, which continued to remind me of my home. Home wasn't where I had lived with my mother and father for the first fifteen years of my life. No, home for me was the little house that had belonged to the Tucks. After they had left, after Jesse told me that he would love me until the day he died, I had begun to visit the spring and where their home had once been as often as I could. On lonely days I would find myself sneaking out of the house - much to mothers displeasure - and sneaking away to just lay down and daydream upon the rocked where Jesse had taken me. His Eiffel tower, as he had told me, I treasured that place and always felt a little closer to Jesse whenever I was there. It was true that I decided not to drink from the spring on that one day. Tucks words had gotten to me. But I didn't even last a month before running back to the spring and taking a big gulp of the heavenly water. The pain of not knowing if I'd live long enough to see the Tucks again pained me and so I packed a little bag of necessaries and ran off. I had left a note to my mother; I told her that I had moved away for an indefinite amount of time. I told her that I wanted a chance to experience what the world had to offer and that no matter what she thought or how much I had grown, I would always be her little girl. It pained me to leave her but I knew it had been a must. I had run off to a completely different continent but I didn't dare go to Paris. I wanted to wait until I found Jesse so that we could climb the stairs together. All 1652 of them, as Jesse would remark. I had written to my mother many times throughout the years. I had told her that I had married a handsome man and we had two beautiful children and we were living happily in a spacious house in the middle of a far away town. It wasn't a complete lie either, the man that I had told my mother that I had married was indeed living with me and he did have to wonderful kids but they weren't mine and he definitely was not my husband. He was just a friend that I made when I had first come into the town. I moved from town to town for almost seven decades before going back to Treegap. I had hopped dearly that when I returned I would find the Tucks waiting there as if not even a day went by in between our last encounter but unfortunately that wasn't so. When I had returned the Tucks weren't any where to be found where their old house had been or any where in the woods at all as a matter in fact. I had been starting to give my hopes up when I decided to visit my old house. No one lived in it anymore since my parents had died in it. The house's ownership would have been passed down to me but thy already thought that I had died from some illness. Once I had got to the house I looked around everywhere for any sign of anything. I couldn't see any footprints or signs that anything living other than forest animals had been around the area in a while. I had started to turn around to leave feeling sad that there was still no signs of the Tucks, when I had noticed a hoof print. It was barely there but it made me stand to full attention. I followed to soft trail of tracks around the back of the house and into the trees beside the yard. That's where the trail had stopped but I had looked up to find something - or rather someone, that I had never imagined seeing again. A horse was standing their eating the grass. The Tucks horse. I had stared looking around for the Tucks and had spotted them kneeling down around something. Mae had had her arms wrapped around a hunched Jesse while Miles and Angus Tuck had been standing around looking slightly gloomy. I had walked over to them and was surprised that they still hadn't noticed me by that time. I approached them from behind and opened my mouth to speak but I was immediately at a loss of what to say. It wasn't my fault though. What were you supposed to say after not seeing each other for over half a century? Miles must have noticed something though because he turned around to face me. He looked shocked at first when he saw that it was me standing there. He had looked towards something in front of he before taking a step towards me. \"Winnie Foster?\" he has asked in a quiet voice. I nodded my head in response. I saw everyone else's heads turn around to face me. Jesse's eyes were watery as if he was crying or just on the brim of it. \"B-but you're supposed to be dead?\" Jesse said but it came out as more of a question. I had felt my eyebrows knot together in confusion. Were they hopping that I didn't drink from the spring? I looked past them to see what it was they had been staring at minutes before and came across a stone. Looking closer I realized there was words upon said stone. Winnie Foster Loving Wife and Mother. \"I'm not dead Jesse.\" Mae spoke up, \"Did you have a family? And kids? It's obvious that you drank from the spring but why start a family if you know there gonna die and you will have to leave them?\" I chuckled slightly. \"I don't have a family, no husband, no kids. That was just something I said to get my mother off my back.\" Jesse still looked shocked and then his expression turned to happy, \"You're alive! Winnie Foster is alive!\" He stood up and grabbed me into his arms and twirled me around. I laughed as he set me down and passionately have me a huge kiss. Oh how I missed his kiss. I get up off the rocking chair and over to the baby's room. I walked in to see Jesse whistling the music box's tune to our little girl. Even though she was only four months old she already had Jesse wrapped around her finger. Our five-year-old son was staying with uncle Miles for three days so that Miles can feel the love of having a child around again. Our son was a completely different matter than our little girl. He was a duplicate of Jesse personality wise. He loved to explore and was always getting into trouble. Yes, our children age, soon my own children will probably look older than me. When they are older we will give them he option of drinking from the spring, living with the Tucks and I for all eternity. Or they can chose to continue to age, raise a family that can make it through all the milestones of life together. They can marry the person they love and grow old together. They can be happy. We, Jesse and I, will support them in whatever path they chose for we will always love them. Jesse looked up at me, \"What good fortune brings my lovely wife into this room?\" I smiled, he was always so loving. \"I love you, you know that right?\" \"Of course and the feelings are mutual. I love you too\" He pulled me into a hug with his free arm and we just stared down at our lovely daughter. This is how I want to live for rest of eternity. This is how I will. I would love to know what you think! ","Summary":" There are minor changes, like the year of her death, and a few other minors like how the whole Tuck"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Paris","Author":"Morefindiel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6748892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love – true love, leaves an imprint, one that can never be replaced or ignored. For Jesse Tuck, it was just like the ever-immovable rocks that his father had once spoken of, as constant and unchanging as the everlasting family themselves. He now understood Miles' suffering. Now they both wandered the world, soulless and empty, never seeing what stood before them, never breathing the air around them. The liveliness that had once set Jesse apart from his brother had all but vanished, buried underneath a tombstone with a woman of extraordinary life. Sometimes Jesse wondered which was worse: that she had not drunk from the spring, or that she had married another man. Jesse didn't blame her – if she was planning on living her full life, and living it to the fullest, marriage was inevitable part of the ever-moving current. But it still hurt. Nine years since he had returned to Tree Gap, twelve since Winnie Foster had died, ninety-seven since he had last gazed upon her face. He had tried to blot her out, to erase any memory of the girl who had irrevocably marked his heart. He had searched for others, passing through all of them as if taste-testing different flavors of ice cream. No one satisfied. Sometimes he would get on a plane, or a train, or a bus, without knowing its destination, and just ride until he decided to ride no more. He was an old soul in a young body. He had attempted to avoid places that reminded him of her, but to no avail, for he could picture her gazing upon it all with the youthful curiosity and vigor that characterized her so well. The place he did his best to avoid, however, aside from Tree Gap, was Paris. Paris, the Eiffel Tower, and its 1,665 steps. He did not need to reopen the scars on his heart that were already chafed daily. Somehow, though, he still felt a pull to Paris. And when he had thoroughly traversed the world for a second time, and there seemed no other option left, Paris was where he went. His heart and mind battled the whole way there, and more than once did he consider turning around. But he pursued his course, and ended gazing upwards, visually following 1,665 steps in their ascent to the heavens. He took the elevator. The sky was less blue than his last visit, more smog-filled. The city was just as active, but noisier with its engines and stereos and televisions and such. Jesse didn't even need to close his eyes to picture Winnie standing against the railing in front of him, her back pressed against him as his arms surrounded her. He could almost smell her hair. Roses, and the earth after it had rained. Scents that had smelled different, had smelled better one hundred years ago than they do today. He closed his eyes and she was real. But not real enough, for one week of tactile memorization is somewhat difficult to recall after ninety-seven years, even if it was the love of your life. Lightly, he whistled a tune that was both soothing and haunting. He felt his heart split. He couldn't breathe, and the tune stopped. A girl a few feet away from him was staring at him. Jesse wanted to throw himself over the edge, wanted to dive headfirst onto the pavement below, wanted to die. Certainly, anything was better than what he currently felt – the heartbreaking, soul-crushing pain that constricted his chest and tore at his heart. He could still see Winnie in his arms, feel her pressed against his chest, her hair brushing against his face in the breeze. She hummed his tune back to him. He sighed. He had finally visited Paris, and he hoped his heart was satisfied, though he knew it was not. He turned away from the rail, the image of Winnie Foster trailing through his fingertips like fresh smoke. The melody continued on, though the vision evaporated. He headed back to the elevator, the pain welling up inside of his chest. He should not have come. But he must move. Without looking back, Jesse Tuck forced himself to step onto the lift. \"I thought you said you wouldn't take the elevator.\" Though he knew it not to be real, he still turned at the sound of her voice. Before him was the girl who had been previously watching him, her long, curly brown hair pulled up in a loose bun, her blue eyes examining him cautiously. She stood outside of the elevator. Though it was foolish of him to put such stock in a delusion, he exited the lift in one graceful stride. He stood in front of her. The intensity of his gaze made her blush, and she gazed downward nervously, bashfully. \"Well? Say something.\" He couldn't. But his eyes passed over her, and he noticed that, unlike his usual delusions, she was dressed in the clothing of the day – a dusty rose-colored tunic and skinny jeans. His hand reached out to cup her cheek, lifting her chin. She was softer than he remembered. \"Winnie. Are you…?\" \"Real? I was wondering the same thing about you.\" And suddenly, he didn't care if she was a delusion. He could only do one thing: kiss her. He felt better than he ever had in nine years, and perhaps better than he ever had in ninety-seven, and he knew that this was real. The part of his heart that ached for her, which was only placated by the visions, was filling up in a way that only the real Winnie Foster could fill it. When they finally pulled apart, he rested his forehead to hers. \"Winnie Foster, I love you.\" She laughed and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him close. \"Jesse Tuck, I will love you until the day I die.\" And she kissed his cheek and he kissed her lips. She threw her head back and laughed the laugh of the newly joyous, her hands still clasped around his neck, his hands on her waist. And then she was pulling him down the stairs, running, practically skipping, and laughing and smiling. Down, down, down until they reached the very bottom and she turned to him and beamed. They paused only a moment to catch their breath, before she took his hand and led him back to the stair. Step. \"One.\" Step. \"Two.\" Step. \"Three.\" Step. \"Four.\" And on and on and on until they reached Step 1,665. And Jesse's heart was once again whole, his liveliness returned, his countenance one of joy. He felt as though he was flying, floating, soaring through the air. It seemed as if nothing could bring him down. She was real, and she was beautiful, and she was alive . She was his, and would be his until the end of days. A/N: Well, I'm not sure how much I like this, but, hey. This is based off of the movie. (I read the book a long time ago, but don't recall much.) When this movie first came out, I was in third grade, and I had somewhat of a crush on Jonathan Jackson (Jesse). Just thought I'd throw that out there. And that had nothing to do with me writing this story! I just saw the movie again the other day, and, well... On another note, I totally understand and agree with Winnie's decision at the end of the movie. (I understand - lessons from novels and all that, immortality is not all hearts and rainbows, etc. etc.) In her position, I probably would have done the same. But as this is a work of fiction , I see nothing wrong with her choosing immortality. In fact, I support it, because as a form of entertainment, it's awfully romantic. So this is me being a hopeless romantic. So anyway, I might not keep this up. Just tell me what you think. Tuck Everlasting belongs to Natalie Babbitt. ","Summary":" Love – true love, leaves an imprint, one that can never be replaced or ignored. For Jesse Tuck, it "},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Time Flies","Author":"countrymusicisreallycool","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8201961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own Tuck Everlasting. Miles and Jesse Tuck came into Tree Gap for the first time in one hundred years to find Winnie Foster. The last time they had been here she had promised Jessie that she would wait for him. And for the past century, Winnie had done just that. She drank the magic water on her 17th birthday. Since then she managed to put off getting married until her mother died. After her mother's death her father didn't care if Winnie got married and so she didn't have to keep coming up with excuses. He died about a year after Winnie's mother, before he could discover that his daughter never seemed to grow old. Mr. Foster left his entire estate to Winnie. She fired all the staff, with the exception of one maid whose only job was to buy the things Winnie needed in town and leave them on the front porch. This maid never saw Winnie. After 50 years Winnie fired the maid and started going to town herself. By that point anyone who would recognize her was either dead or very older. On the day that Miles and Jesse came to town Winnie was 115 years old. But to everyone that saw her she looked seventeen. In fact, using a false name, Winnie had gotten a job waiting tables at a coffee shop in the town of Tree Gap. Miles and Jesse came into the shop to get coffee. Without looking at them Winnie went to take their order. \"Hi, what can I get for you today?\" Jesse took one look at the waitress and his jaw dropped, \"Winnie!\" Winnie worked quickly to protect her cover, after all the last Winnie in this town had been Winifred Foster, who in the general public's mind had died 30 years before. \"Shhh, that's not my name when I'm here. You are going to blow my cover. I'm going to take my break now. Come outside in five minutes so we can catch up properly.\" Jesse knew that Winnie was right and that he had to act like he had never seen the waitress before. Winnie walked over to the other waitress and explained that she was taking her break then. \"See you in 45 minutes.\" Miles laughed, \"Nice going Jesse, of course she's not going by Winnie! Not in Tree Gap anyway, according to the public records Winifred Foster died of pneumonia 30 years ago. There's a grave with her name on it in the cemetery, I checked. The Fosters are a local legend. There's a statue of Winifred Foster and her father in the center of town. Winnie had to really work to keep her secret. She faked her death Jesse. But people will get suspicious if a girl who looks a lot like Winnie Foster starts going by the name Winnie. We don't need that kind of attention.\" It was Jesse's turn to laugh, \"You're right. I just can't believe it's her! After one hundred years, she still looks exactly the same.\" \"Of course she does, we all do. You, mom, dad, me, we all look the same. Now shut up. People might hear our conversation.\" \"Okay, Miles would you relax?\" \"Not until we are far from Tree Gap.\" \"I'm going to go find her.\" Jesse walked through town until he reached the old jailhouse. \"Historic Tree Gap Jailhouse, press 5 on your audio tour,\" read the sign by the front door. \"They're very proud of their jailhouse, the locals that is, but I don't get it. Maybe because I just moved here a few years back. Apparently this girl named Winnie was kidnapped, but some people said she ran away. Anyway the police went looking for her and the supposed kidnappers, this lady, her husband and her two sons, killed this one man, but the sons got away. Anyway they locked the woman and the man in the jailhouse. It was new back then, the jailhouse, and it was supposed to be escape proof. But on the night before their execution the couple escaped with the help of the local girl. It was a big deal; the only thing that kept her out of jail was her dad's money. She grew up, and she and her father donated a lot of money to the town, so they built her a statue. But she died an old maid 30 years ago.\" Jesse turned around and saw Winnie, standing behind him, \"Now, Ms. Foster we both know that's not how the story really ends.\" They ran into each other's arms and kissed passionately. \"Jesse, I've missed you!\" \"Not nearly as much as I've missed you!\" Winnie sat down on the bench in front of the courthouse. \"Jesse this is the last place we saw each other.\" \"You're right. This is where me and Miles got into the wagon with Mom and Dad.\" \"How are Mae and Tuck?\" \"They're doing alright, they bought a farm in Pennsylvania, me and Miles go to see them every ten years like always but now we can call and video chat as much as we like. My god will Mae be happy to see you. She wants grandchildren something terrible.\" \"How's Miles?\" \"He's been a lot better. I think meeting you really helped him out. He's been much happier for one thing and he once told me if he met a girl that would drink the water he would marry her and settle down.\" Winnie smiled, \"That's great.\" Back at the café Miles and the other waitress, Allison, were chatting. \"So what brings you to Tree Gap?\" \"My brother's old girlfriend lives here. She was that waitress that left a little while ago.\" \"Oh you mean Wendy? She's nice. Started working here 3 years ago when we were both sixteen. Funny thing about her though, it always seems to take her a second to realize that you are talking to her and she knows a hell of a lot about Tree Gap, more than I do, and I've lived here my whole life and she moved here 3 years ago.\" They talked for a while and then suddenly Allison burst out, \"It's hard to have to lie to everyone!\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You know exactly what I mean! Winnie is my best friend. I'm the only one in town who knows her secret. Hell, I am part of her secret.\" \"Wait you know about the water?\" \"Yeah, you see my mother worked as a servant for the Fosters. After the running away incident they decided Winnie needed a friend. I was her age and lived next door in the house the Foster's maintained for their staff. They started encouraging us to spend time together. It worked, Winnie and I spent a lot of time together and she told me everything. We celebrated her 17th birthday by drinking the water. I worked as a servant in Winnie's house until her father died. After his death I ran all the errands for Winnie. For 5 years I went to the stores in Tree Gap, then the next town over, then another town, then back to Tree Gap, every five years I switched towns to avoid suspicion. But eventually everyone we knew was dead and it was safe to move into town. Winnie and I share an apartment. We sold the Foster house to the local Historical Society 30 years ago when Winifred Foster died.\" ","Summary":" I don't own Tuck Everlasting. Miles and Jesse Tuck came into Tree Gap for the first time in one hun"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Winnie Everlasting","Author":"WizMonCruWil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12454945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Live Forever to Really Live When Winnie Foster thought back on it now, the decision was easier than she had imagined it would be. Oh, she had vacillated back and forth between being a teenager until eternity or growing old. But, when her parents had insisted that she had to go to boarding school because of her going astray with the Tucks, Winnie realized that immortality was her only shot at freedom. She couldn't wait two years so that she was the same age as Jesse. By that time, the forest might be gone, or she would be locked away somewhere that would make a return to Treegap and the spring more impossible. So, one day, a few weeks after the Tucks escaped from jail, Winnie snuck out of the house before dawn and ran for the spring. Upon seeing it, she fell to her knees. Taking a palm full, she only paused for just a moment before gulping it down. The swallow was long and low. Miles had been right. The water did taste like heaven, floating over her tongue like a cloud. She took another handful, then a third, just to be sure. Then Winnie sat back and waited. Perhaps she shouldn't expect to feel any different, anticipate the heavens opening up and angels coming down from on high to welcome her into their immortal ranks. Finally, she stood. She trusted the spring would do its work. 15 years old was not a bad age to be stuck as forever. Then, Winnie took off running. Out of the forest, and out of Treegap. She walked most of the way, daring not to hitchhike on some wagon, for fear that someone would recognize her, as surely by now her parents were searching for her all over again. Upon reaching Baltimore, Winnie stowed away on a boat without paying for steamship fare, bound for Europe. She ended up in France. The first thing she did, of course, was to climb the 1,652 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Here is where she would build her eternal life. Here is where she would wait for her beloved Jesse. She waited. And waited. Winnie learned rudimentary French, but was aware enough of the lessons the Tucks taught her to master the art of seclusion. She became a sort of recluse, living out her ceaseless life in the French countryside. 1914 came and went. World War I broke out, but Winnie still remained in the rustic cottage she had built for herself. Only once did she flee her adopted homeland, during World War II in the 1940s; she feared if the Nazis took her prisoner, her secret would be revealed. She hid out in much safer Britain until the Third Reich was defeated, before returning to France. Still, Jesse did not appear. Winnie kept zero contact with anyone, getting her news from the papers in town; it was about the only goods she risked buying. Everything else, she foraged for herself. Nature was always the best provider. Finally, sometime in the early 1970s, Winnie was going through the newspapers when she spotted an international bulletin, in the obituary section. Her father had finally passed away from grief, so the announcement said. Winnie was briefly mentioned, that she had vanished decades before and was now presumed dead. Her mother was not mentioned as surviving her husband, so Winnie figured she had died, too. Winnie waited a little longer. The 1970s passed into the 1980s. Across the Atlantic, one President resigned in disgrace, two more were deposed in elections. The Berlin Wall finally came down. It was suddenly the hot summer of 1990. On her television, Winnie observed Saddam Hussein invading Kuwait; watched as President George H.W. Bush vowed that such an aggression would not stand. All at once, Winnie decided that the end of the Cold War had not brought peace to Europe. She wanted to go home. By now, she figured that no one who remembered her would still be alive in Treegap. And she was right. When she arrived in her old hometown for the first time in nearly eight decades, the place was much changed. Modern cars had replaced the wagons of yesteryear. Paved roads lay where dirt ones used to be. Brand-name storefronts – Starbucks, McDonald's – now reigned supreme on the streets. And most conspicuously of all, the forest had been razed. The spring was gone. Yet eerily enough, one of the few structures that had remained unchanged was Winnie's old mansion on the outskirts of town. There was no car in the driveway, and when Winnie peered in the windows, the rooms were dark and deserted. With the money she had saved in Europe, Winnie quickly bought the place for herself. She tried not to think of the amazement the Bank of America people felt at seeing a supposedly 15-year-old girl signing deeds for a property. But there was no suspicion floated, no probing questions asked – it left little doubt that anyone would even remember a Winnie Foster, much less recognize her. As she had in France, Winnie lived at her old childhood home in seclusion, only going into town for supplies when absolutely necessary. The new Millennium fast approached. Winnie celebrated what would have been her 100th birthday in 1999. The 21st century arrived, and with it, a new President. Winnie marveled at how she was witnessing the trials of the 43rd President of the United States, George W. Bush, when she had been born during the reign of the 25th President, William McKinley. 9/11 happened. Winnie remembered reading about the first airplane flight of the Wright brothers as a toddler on her mother's lap. The memory now exacerbated her horror that the Wrights' invention had been turned into a weapon of mass murder. The war drums beat ominously, as the Bush administration quickly invaded Afghanistan; there were talks on the news of preparations to invade Iraq. This was the present moment Winnie found herself in, that fall of 2002. As she did most mornings, she rose early to watch the sunrise, as Jesse had advised her to. Then, it was time to tend to her garden. As she plucked carrots and other vegetables, she didn't notice the fancy Harley-Davidson motorcycle parked at the end of her gravel walk. But she did hear what sounded like crying, coming from the other side of the house. Curious, Winnie paused in her work and strolled around to the back, a place she actually had yet to explore. Underneath a tree, she found a figure hunched over a slab of stone. He had long hair that almost reached his shoulders, and was cloaked in a fancy leather jacket. Peering over his shoulder, Winnie was shocked to find the figure sobbing over her grave. WINNIE FOSTER was printed in large letters along the stone. Her 1899 birth date was in view; her death date had been left blank. Had her parents erected this after losing all hope that she would ever be found? \"Oh, Winnie….. Winnie…\" Winnie gasped. She knew that voice – a voice she thought she might never hear again. A voice that, even in this moment, swelled her heart. \"Jesse Tuck?\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Welcome to the Gods When the youth spun around, Winnie instantly recognized him. There were those same blue eyes that had haunted her dreams for nearly a century. There was the perfect, immaculate, unblemished face. Those rosy lips she had kissed once long ago, lips that had now fallen open in utter shock. \"Winnie?\" Jesse whispered, and she half-expected him to ask if she was a ghost here to torment him further. \"Is it really…..?\" Winnie could not stand it any longer. She leapt into Jesse's arms and kissed him. Upon the tangible, real feeling of her lips on his, Jesse clutched her closer, before springing away and cackling in triumph. \"Ha, ha! You are real!\" Winnie smiled in amusement. \"So are you. I've only been waiting for 88 years.\" Jesse stared. \"Here? But…. your parents…. what about…..?\" \"I couldn't wait, Jesse. I drank from the spring in 1914, when I was still 15. They were going to send me to boarding school and I didn't know if I would find my way back to the wood….. After that, I ran. Stole away to Europe; I lived in France until the early '90s. Britain briefly during World War II.\" \"Did you say France?\" Jesse asked, a twinkle alighting his eyes. \"Were you there?\" Winnie inquired breathlessly. How could she have just missed seeing him? But Jesse shook his head. \"No. We went into hiding in South America after you busted us out. We were there for….. 40 years at least…..\" A thought struck him. \"Did you climb the Eiffel Tower in France?\" Winnie beamed. \"1,652 steps to the top.\" \"You remembered! I knew it! I just knew you would drink from it!\" Jesse crowed, picking up Winnie and spinning her about. Winnie threw her arms around his neck and shrieked with laughter. Setting her down, Jesse suddenly called over his shoulder. \"Everyone! Come on out! Look who it is!\" Winnie stared as the rest of her precious Tucks ambled around from out front of the house. She hadn't even seen them. \"Jesse, what's wrong?\" Angus Tuck stopped dead when he saw the little girl who had stolen into their hearts all those years ago. \"Winnie?\" With shouts of joy, Winnie was hugging all of them too – even Miles. \"You were nearby? Why didn't I notice you….?\" \"Our wagon is parked just down the road,\" Miles explained. \"Jesse came up to investigate alone.\" He looked beyond to Winnie's fake grave. \"I must say, this is a delightful surprise.\" \"She's been here since the early 90s, Tuck,\" Jesse said eagerly. \"And was in France and Britain all those years before that. Since we got out of jail.\" Tuck looked between his son and the object of his love, brow creased in thought. Finally, he spoke. \"Miles, get my gun.\" Miles dutifully ran to fetch it from the wagon. Jesse stared in abject horror. \"NO! What do you think you're doing?! She looks like she did the day we left! Isn't that enough?!\" \"We need to make absolutely certain,\" Tuck said somberly. Miles now returned with the gun and handed it off to his father. Jesse lunged for Tuck. \"No! Tuck, what are you doing?!\" \"Stay back, Jesse!\" Tuck threw the boy off him, but when he came flying back, the patriarch yelled to Miles, \"Hold him!\" Tuck loaded the cartridge and rose up the rifle's barrel. Winnie stayed frozen by the grave, calm as could be. \"Somebody stop him! Let me GO! Mae! Miles!\" Jesse pleaded. But Miles refused to release his brother. Mae bit her lip, but remained silent. Winnie looked over to her paramour. \"Jesse…. It's gonna be OK. I love you!\" At her soothing voice, Jesse relaxed in Miles's grip, but only slightly. Facing down Tuck, Winnie closed her eyes. Tuck now took deadly aim. He squinted, before remembering the shooting lesson his father had taught him in Scotland centuries before. \"Both eyes….. open…..\" BANG! Tuck fired, and Winnie collapsed in a heap on the ground immediately, the bullet finding its mark directly over her heart. Despite confidence at the outcome, Jesse screamed and ran to his beloved's side. For a moment, all was silent. Then – Winnie opened her eyes. She shakily stood, the sound of the gunshot ringing in her ears but otherwise completely unharmed. Jesse burst into tears of relief and took Winnie in his arms, kissing her again and again. Smiling softly, Tuck approached and enveloped Winnie into a larger embrace. \"Welcome to the family, my daughter.\" Winnie sold her family's large mansion, sending in the deeds by mail. Packing the things she had gathered over the decades, she and the Tucks disappeared into what little wilderness still remained around Maryland. The Tucks' old cottage from the 1910s had been destroyed along with the forest and spring, but that didn't faze the immortal family. They simply found another plot of land, and built a new one. Here, under the trees, Jesse and Winnie conducted a simple wedding, exchanging rings and vows to love each other for all eternity. This was an alteration from the common phrase \"Till death do us part,\" which, of course, would never happen. Jesse and Winnie made love in their bed every night. The couple desperately wanted to have children, but tried as they might, they could not conceive. This caused Winnie much grief. Jesse placed the blame on himself, thinking himself a failure as he took long walks by himself through the wilderness. The 2000s faded into the 2010s. A black man, Barack Obama, was elected the 44th President of the United States. Angus Tuck was amazed, as he could recall the time when black men were mere slaves. Now, one was in the White House. In the middle of that decade, Donald Trump, a vulgar businessman who had no political experience, succeeded Obama as President. Still, throughout such history, Winnie and Jesse kept trying to have babies. At last, it was the spring of 2017. Winnie was technically 118 years old, Jesse was technically 207, and Miles was 212. At dinner one night, Winnie called for a family meeting. She turned to her husband. \"Jesse, I don't think I can have children. And I think the reason why is the spring. Being immortal, my body can't even go through the changes of pregnancy. I am stopped right where I was over a century ago.\" Jesse nodded sadly. He had suspected as much, but had dared not bring up the possibility himself, for fear of breaking his wife's heart. The couple thought of Miles' children, Anna and Bo, long since dead. The eldest Tuck brother had sired them with a mortal woman sometime in the 1830s, but she had left him upon believing his changelessness to be the result of witchcraft. Mae now took Winnie's hand from across the table. \"Don't cry, child. You are still here with us. And we can still be a family – forever. You are ours, my sweet Winnie, and that's enough.\" \"Hear, hear!\" Miles concurred. Tuck just nodded his agreement. \"It's as I told you all those years ago, Winnie. You don't have to live forever. You just have to live. But…..\" and here he added a new caveat. \"If you do happen to live forever….. live anyway.\" So Winnie did. So all the Tucks did – until the end of time itself. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Live Forever to Really Live When Winnie Foster thought back on it now, the decision was "},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Reader Beware","Author":"Aria DiLaurentis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12464839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sat in the front of a Volkswagen next to my mom with a U-Haul attached to the back. We were moving and I wasn't exactly happy about it. It wasn't the moving part that I was upset about because I could use a change of scenery, but this wasn't the change of scenery I was looking for. I wanted somewhere like Nashville or Savannah, or maybe even Harrisburg, but not Madison, Delaware. Delaware was a state that was famous for being the first state and nothing else. The only person from Delaware that I could think of was Vice President Joe Biden. \"Mom, do we seriously have to move to Madison, Delaware?\" I asked. \"Honey, we've been over this. They offered me a job and your aunt lives here.\" She explained. \"Plus, a small town like this will be good for your writing.\" It was true that I was working on writing. My dad had been a writer and I wanted to be like him. He was never too famous, but he did get a few books published. I was Taylor Cooper, his daughter. I was not even sure if I still wanted to write anymore after he died. \"Hey, at least we have a yard here. You don't get those in New York.\" She stated. \"Mom, I'm here. I may not like it but I love you and I'm not leaving.\" I replied. \"There are laws that say I can't.\" She smiled and waved the keys at me before heading inside. I hoped she would at least let me get my license in this town. I looked over at the house next door. The owner must have seen me because the blinds closed. I thought I was antisocial. I walked inside the house. I would need to set my computer up somewhere. It was weird looking at it because my dad wouldn't be there to give me pointers. \"This kitchen is bigger than our apartment.\" Mom gushed. \"Yeah, that would be great if we actually cooked.\" I quipped. \"Well there's plenty of counterspace to put take out on.\" She responded. Suddenly, my aunt popped in. Maybe we shouldn't have left the door unlocked. She was very eccentric. \"Taylor, give me a hug, my favorite niece.\" She said before she embraced me. I reluctantly hugged her back. \"Alright, let me take her in. She is such a beautiful girl. She was such an ugly baby.\" \"Thank you, Aunt Lorraine.\" I remarked. I really hoped she would leave soon. \"It's fine. She's beautiful now. It's not she's going to go back to ugly.\" Lorraine explained. I was pretty sure that was every girl's nightmare. She then reached into her bag. \"I got you a present. This is from my young adult line.\" She handed me a bedazzled pink Yankees hat. It was hideous. I wasn't even that big of a fan of pink but when it came to the Yankees, I preferred the traditional navy blue. \"Awesome.\" I responded with fake glee. \"It's limited edition so a lot of girls won't be wearing them.\" She added. \"Yeah, I don't think any girls will be wearing this.\" I retorted. Most teenagers were past the bedazzled stage, if they ever went through one at all. \"Try it on.\" Mom suggested. I hoped that she didn't want me to wear it often. \"Right here? Right now?\" I asked. I put it on and tried to smile. They seemed to like it. I needed an escape. \"I'm going to go get boxes.\" \"Taylor, leave the hat on. I don't want you to get sunburned.\" Mom requested. I was pretty sure my hair would protect me from that. I wasn't sure why she was humoring Lorraine so much. I grabbed some boxes and once I was I carrying them I realized one was upside-down which caused the contents to fall out. Luckily, there was nothing fragile in there. \"Nice.\" A voice replied. I looked to the window next and saw a girl about my age with chestnut brown hair. I walked over. \"So, you're the new neighbor. How was the drive from New York?\" How did she know I was from New York? \"I could tell from the pretty hat you're wearing.\" She stated. I blushed and took it off. \"No, this was from my aunt. It was a gift.\" I said. \"It's also a gift for anyone who gets to see you in it.\" She retorted. I was pretty sure I would like this girl. I wondered if she was bicurious. \"I'm Hannah.\" \"Taylor.\" I greeted her. It then sounded like someone called for her. \"Gotta go. Bye.\" She declared before she ran off. At that point, a man with glasses popped out. I assumed he was her father. There was a little bit of resemblance. \"Hello, I'm your new neighbor.\" I introduced. I figured if I was ever going to hang out with Hannah, I should be friendly with her dad. \"Look at that fence.\" He ordered. \"Don't cross it. Don't come near my daughter or me and there will be no problems.\" Well, it seemed like he was not just antisocial, but he didn't want anyone socializing with his daughter either. That probably wasn't healthy. I then headed back into the house with the boxes. \"So, I just met our new neighbor. He seems scary, but his daughter seems okay.\" I commented. \"Mr. Shivers, he and his daughter moved here a few years. I don't think I've ever seen her, but he's kind of sexy.\" Lorraine declared. At that point, Mom pulled out a picture of me and my dad. I looked at it and I almost started to cry. \"Are you okay, Sweetie?\" Mom asked. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" I declared quickly as I looked at her. \"I need to go and decorate my room and maybe I'll try to write something.\" I quickly hurried up to my room. My mom said I could pick my room and she didn't seem to care if I took the master bedroom. We were both going to have our own bathrooms anyway. I sat in my room and listened to an old tape of him. Along with writing, we were both big on baseball. \"Are you okay in there?\" Mom asked from the other side of the door. \"I'm fine.\" I lied. \"I think I'm going to take a shower.\" The following day, my mom drove me to school. One could argue that it was eco-friendlier to do so, but I still wanted my own car. It also meant that I would have to wait for her to be done unless I wanted to walk home. I was wearing a leather jacket with a blue lace dress and black Reeboks. \"Mom, I am the new girl and I would appreciate if I could go one day without having to be associated with you. I just don't think that it would help me gain cool points if people saw me with the new vice-principal.\" I explained. \"Not that I don't love you or anything.\" \"Well will you at least try to make some friends?\" She requested. I was hoping to see Hannah so I could talk to her some more and maybe I could find out why her dad was so cranky. When we got to school, there was an assembly. I didn't see Hannah, so I decided to sit by myself. I shouldn't have been surprised when a kid sat next to me. He had a bit of a overbite and wore a green t-shirt that said \"This kid is cool.\", which was probably the least cool thing you could do. \"So, you're the new girl.\" He stated. I wasn't sure if he was hitting on me or trying to be friendly. We then noticed a jock walk by. \"Hey Davidson.\" \"What up, Chump.\" Davidson said. \"Did he just call you Chump?\" I asked. \"Yes, he did. My real name is Champ, but he's never talked to me, so we're making progress.\" He explained. At that point, the assembly began. Mom made a reference to twerking and I was glad that people didn't know that I was her daughter because I wouldn't have to immediately live with that embarrassment. \"She is worse than the last one.\" Champ whispered. \"That's my mom.\" I whispered back. I wasn't sure why I was so quick to defend her. Someone else could have heard me say it. \"The last one was the best ever.\" He tried to remark. \"So, are you going to the dance by any chance?\" \"I don't think I'm going, but I wouldn't want to go anyone as more than a friend.\" I declared. \"I'd be perfectly okay with going as a friend.\" He stated. Something told me that he had never gone to a dance with a girl before…or maybe at all. \"Here's my contact info.\" He then proceeded to give me a business card that said he was the equipment manager for the football team. One thing that I noticed was that I didn't see Hannah at all at school. As one of the few people that I actually recognized, I figured that it would be easy to find her, but this was not the case. I thought of saying that I had a boyfriend or maybe even girlfriend in New York so people would stop trying to ask me to the dance. Later that day, I was taking out the trash. I thought I heard something behind me as I opened the lid. I hoped that I wouldn't have to punch some pervert. \"Hello? Is someone there?\" I asked as I wondered if I should have brought a can of mace with me. I heard a branch crack and quickly turned around to see Hannah. \"Boo.\" She stated. \"Did I scare you?\" \"No.\" I lied as she came over through a hole in the fence. \"Really because it looked like you jumped pretty high.\" She declared. \"You know it's not a good idea to sneak up on people.\" I told her as I put the bags in the barrel. \"I could have been carrying pepper spray or something.\" \"I'll keep that in mind.\" She quipped. \"So, I didn't see you at school.\" I remarked with a little bit of a blush. I was trying not to blush. \"Were you looking for me?\" She flirted. \"I was just…looking for…\" I babbled. \"I'm homeschooled.\" She explained with her head hanging. It didn't seem like it was her idea. \"By your dad? He seems nice and grumpy, yeah kind of grumpy.\" I said. \"Don't take it personally. He doesn't like anyone.\" She answered. \"What do you do for fun around here?\" I asked. \"I mean do you like to do anything besides scare your new neighbors?\" She looked at her house. I wasn't sure why. \"Well there is one thing that I like to do.\" She stated before she looked at her house again. I was beginning to wonder if she shouldn't be out. \"Come with me.\" So I wanted to write a story with Taylor as the main character. It will be similar to the movie, including a possible relationship between her and Hannah. Please don't forget to review.[Chapter 2] I followed her as she started to walk. I noticed that her t-shirt was riding up a little as she walked. I didn't really see anything and I honestly felt like I shouldn't have been looking. I decided to get away from stray thoughts. \"Where are we going?\" I asked. \"Don't worry. You'll like it.\" She assured me as she continued to walk. I had a feeling that it would be a lot quicker if we could drive there. I assumed that her dad didn't let her drive. From the way that she kept looking around, I had a feeling that he didn't even know she was going on. \"Are you sure that you know the way?\" I questioned as we crossed the street. \"Yes.\" She replied as we started to walk through the woods. Even in a small town, I wasn't sure if it was safe for two teenage girls to just go walking through the woods. \"This way.\" \"Are you going to kill me out here?\" I inquired. I was half-serious because I did still barely know her. Her dad did give off a sort of Hannibal Lecter vibe, so I wasn't sure if I could trust her. \"I might.\" She retorted. I seriously hoped that she was joking. She then disappeared after walking past a tree.\" \"Hannah?\" I called. I got nothing. \"Taylor, this is seriously the dumbest idea you've ever had.\" At that point, a cat ran in front of me and I fell back on my ass. I then noticed Hannah in front of me. \"Are you coming, Scaredy Cat?\" She asked before she helped me up. \"We're almost there.\" I started to follow behind her again, this time deciding to stay right behind her. I wasn't sure if I knew how to get back and I did not want to get left behind. \"This way.\" She told me. It was then that I noticed we were somewhere. \"Wait here,\" She ran off and I was left wondering where we were. It looked like there was a Ferris wheel. \"Prepare to be amazed.\" She declared before she pulled on a switch and everything lit up. We were in an old amusement park. I couldn't help but wonder why it had closed down. Maybe it was because people didn't feel amusement parks in the middle of the woods were safe. I could definitely get behind that reasoning. \"Well, what do you think, Scaredy Cat?\" \"This is not what I thought it would be.\" I commented as we started to walk around. \"So, where are we?\" \"They built it years ago but then they ran out of money.\" She explained. I couldn't help but wonder who was paying to light it. \"Now it's just here for us to play in. I have something amazing to show you.\" She then proceeded to climb up a ladder that was set up by the Ferris wheel. \"What are you doing?\" I asked. I was starting to think that none of this was legal. \"Are you afraid of everything?\" She retorted. \"No, just get arrested for trespassing…\" I muttered before I started to climb up as well. Eventually, she reached one of the cars. \"You can do this. Don't look down and you won't fall.\" She told me. \"You know you're not helping.\" I stated before I got into the car next to her. \"So, what do you think?\" She asked. \"It's cool, isn't it?\" \"Yeah, it's cool and I also think you're insane.\" I remarked. There was an exquisite view of the town and some trees. \"Do you see our houses?\" \"No.\" She answered. \"Now what made you come to Madison?\" \"Well my mom gave me a choice of where to live and I picked a city at random from everywhere in the United States.\" I quipped. \"Are you always sarcastic?\" She inquired. \"Not always, just usually.\" I declared. \"I'm sorry. It's just that me and mom have been alone since my dad died.\" \"I'm sorry.\" She stated. \"I don't really think about it as much as before.\" I responded. \"So, if you don't mind me asking, what happened to your mom? You don't have to tell me if you don't want to.\" \"I never knew her.\" She admitted. \"My dad and I are always moving.\" \"That has to suck.\" I replied. \"It's okay.\" She responded. We looked into each other's eyes and I kind of wanted to kiss her, but I didn't think that the time was right. \"You know I have a really serious question for you.\" I remarked. \"What is it?\" She asked as she looked me in the eye. \"How the hell do we get down from here?\" I inquired. She giggled. \"I wasn't joking. How do you normally get down from here? Is there another ladder?\" \"You can't. You're stuck up here with me for the rest of your life.\" She quipped. Eventually, she did tell me how to get down and I was glad to be on the land. I could only take so much time from being up so high. We began to walk home. If it had been a date, I would have said that it was a pretty good one. There was even some food that she dared me to eat. \"I cannot believe that you actually ate that cotton candy.\" She said. It was sealed away. It seemed like it was okay. \"You know it was surprisingly delicious.\" I stated. I just hoped that it wouldn't give me diarrhea. \"So, thanks for tonight. This went better than some of the dates that I've had. In fact, it was probably the most fun I've had in a while.\" \"That's so sweet, Taylor.\" She responded. I blushed a little. She seemed to blush a little too. I needed to remind myself that it probably wasn't a date because it would be the part where I tried to kiss her. I hadn't ever kissed a girl before and I wasn't sure what to do. I still wasn't even that good at kissing guys. Alright, fine, I had never kissed anyone. She started to walk away. I needed to say something. \"Hey, Hannah.\" I remarked. She turned to look at me. \"I'll probably be stuck with trash duty every Tuesday and Thursday, so if you feel like sneaking up on someone, I'd be okay with that.\" \"Okay, you've got it, Scaredy Cat.\" She said. I so wanted to kiss her good night, but I didn't want to mess anything up, especially since I could mess the kiss and she might never talk to me again. \"Hannah, what are you doing?\" Her dad interrupted. Oh crap. He then poked his head through the fence. \"This is your final warning. Stay away from us or you will regret it.\" \"Okay.\" I replied. I wasn't sure if he even knew that I had a crush on Hannah. He seemed like he just didn't like people in general. If he had always been like that, why would a woman want to have a kid with him in the first place? I then realized that I had an idea for something that I could write. It was about a girl that is coming to terms with liking another girl but her crush's overprotective dad didn't want them to be together. Some people said writing based on real life was tacky, but it would give me a jumping off point. It beat doing algebra. Even though, I could do it, I failed to see how finding x had any value in everyday life. I was then disrupted from my writing by the sounds of screaming coming from next door. I was able to quickly make out the sounds of Hannah and her father. I couldn't tell exactly what they were fighting about. What I did hear sounded like vague terms. The main thing that it sounded like was him abusing her. I then heard something break and I only began to suspect that more. I wished that I had Hannah's cell number to know if she was okay. I couldn't believe that I hadn't thought to get that. Of course, he might have taken it from her anyway. She also screamed and the lights went out. I knew there was only one sensible thing that I could do. I took out my phone. \"Madison Police Department. How can I help you?\" The operator asked. \"I'm calling about a domestic disturbance that I heard at my neighbor's house.\" I explained. A few minutes later, my mom and I went with the police next door. \"You're under arrest!\" The female officer shouted. I was pretty sure that even though he was suspected, they couldn't immediately arrest him. \"Whoa, I love you enthusiasm, but we're not there yet.\" The male declared. I had a feeling that this wouldn't go well. \"Hello, sir. I am Officer Stevens and this is Training Officer Brooks.\" The two then seemed only seemed to confirm that they were incompetent. Note to self: do not call the police in the future. \"We got a call about a possible 10-16 at your residence.\" Stevens replied. He then looked at Brooks. \"Which is?\" \"A domestic disturbance?\" She guessed. Well at least she seemed to have studied. \"That's strange because I've been here alone all night.\" The man said. \"He's lying? I heard Hannah screaming.\" I stated. \"Who's Hannah?\" Stevens asked. \"My daughter and she's been staying while my ex-wife sorted things out with her new husband. She left for England this morning.\" Shivers explained. Had he come up with that on the fly? He couldn't have had time to prepare an excuse. \"Well that checks out.\" Stevens declared. \"Apologies sir.\" \"Wait, you're not even going to look through his house?\" I asked before there was suddenly another scream. He then took us inside…to a TV or what appear to be an old Goosebumps episode. I knew it had been Hannah that screamed at least at some point. I needed to know where she was. \"Surround sound.\" He declared. \"I had no idea being an audiophile was a crime.\" \"A what-ophile?\" Brooks asked as she went to get her gun. Yeah, I made a mistake calling the cops. I couldn't help but wonder how anyone so incompetent made it through the police academy. \"Whoa, that just means that like sounds equipment.\" Stevens explained. \"Hi, we haven't probably met. I'm Gail Cooper, your new neighbor.\" Mom declared. \"You have a wonderful home.\" \"The pleasure is all mine.\" Shivers declared. He seemed to be good at charming adults. I wanted to break off and look for Hannah myself. \"Thank you so much for stopping by and bring your wonderful daughter and the police.\" I knew that Hannah was in the house somewhere. I needed to get them to look for her, but I also figured that making a scene wouldn't accomplish anything other than me possibly getting arrested. \"I'm sorry for this misunderstanding.\" I apologized. From there, we went back home. I knew the police couldn't do anything. I would have to come up with a plan to find her on my own. \"What was that about?\" Mom asked. \"I know he was lying.\" I stated. \"Hannah's not in London. I was with her just a few hours ago.\" \"Well maybe she left just after she got home.\" Mom suggested. Were all adults going to be useless in this? The next night was the dance. I was wearing a blue cashmere sweater a black pleated miniskirt with two white horizontal lines on the hem and black knee socks with black flats. I wasn't particularly interested in going because I had more important things to worry about. I had to know that Hannah was safe. I had come up with a plan. Unfortunately, my mom had called Lorraine to watch me. I wasn't sure why she thought that I needed a babysitter. I was 16. I had to listen to her ramble on about her love life or lack thereof. I needed to think of an exit strategy. \"You know, I think I'm going to go write in my room for a while.\" I announced before I walked off. \"Oh, and you don't need to check up on me because it'll make me lose focus and there is nothing worse than a teenage girl with writer's block, definitely nothing worse.\" I couldn't help but wonder if she thought I was a bad liar. I might have just blown that part. \"Okay, have fun.\" She told me. I went to my room and made a series of calls. One was more important than the other. I still needed a plan to get into the house and I had thought of that too via my powers of observation. I looked outside the window and saw Shivers leaving in his car. I knew it was time to ask. It was time for me to save Hannah. So Taylor and Hannah had a bit of a first date. Aren't they cute together? But her dad is keeping them apart. Please don't forget to review.[Chapter 3] I went to my room and made a series of calls. One was more important than the other. I still needed a plan to get into the house and I had thought of that too via my powers of observation. I looked outside the window and saw Shivers leaving in his car. I knew it was time to ask. It was time for me to save Hannah. I went outside through the window. I was glad that Lorraine was easily distracted. I saw Champ walking towards the door. I cut him off before he got there because I didn't want Lorraine to know. \"You're going to the dance in that?\" He asked. \"I don't think that fits the dress code.\" I wasn't sure if it did or not. I hadn't really paid attention to the dress code. \"I got you a corsage.\" He added. \"We're not going to the dance. I just told you that to get you to come over here.\" I explained. \"I need your help with a girl.\" \"Oh…that's cool. Good for you.\" He said before he tried to high-five me. I cut him off. \"She's locked in her house and her dad is a psychopath.\" I explained. \"Does she have any friends?\" He asked. \"No!\" I replied. He seemed to be missing the point. \"You said you wanted to go to the dance and not only do you not want to go to the dance but there is also a psychopath.\" Champ complained. \"And I'm wearing a suit. How do you know this guy is going to leave?\" \"He already left. I called him pretending to be the cops and asked him to come to the station.\" I declared. \"I'm pretty sure that impersonating a police officer is a very illegal.\" He said. I was pretty sure that it was just a written warning. We then climbed over the fence. I decided that it probably wouldn't be a good idea to go through the front door and it would probably also be easier to get in through the cellar. \"My dry-cleaning bill is going to be ridiculous.\" He complained. It seemed like he was someone that did that a lot. I wished that I had a better accomplice. The only problem was that other than Hannah, he was the only person that I knew in town. It would probably be a good idea to make more friends in the future. I went to the lock and began to pick it with a hairpin. \"Whoa, where did you learn that? New York?\" \"No, YouTube.\" I answered before I pushed the door open. It made a creaky sound that made me feel kind of nervous. I then realized that it was probably just old. There probably wasn't a monster in the basement. I took out my flashlight and saw some steps. \"Okay, stay here and watch the driveway.\" \"Are you saying that you want me to wait here by myself?\" He asked. That was what I said. He sounded scared. \"Out in the dark?\" \"Yes, Champ. You're the lookout.\" I explained in annoyance. \"If Shivers comes back, I need you to give me a sign or say something to let me know.\" \"Okay, but I want to make one thing clear.\" He stated. \"If I sense any danger, I am going to run the other way.\" Well, at least he was honest about his cowardice. I still wished that I hadn't chosen a coward. Again, I needed more friends. I went down into the basement. At first glance, it seemed like it was empty. I didn't see anyone tied up. \"Hannah?\" I asked. Of course, if she was bound and gagged, she might not be able to let me know. I did notice what appeared to be bear traps. What kind of person kept bear traps in their basement. Granted, it seemed like a good way to deter trespassers like me. Suddenly, something popped out and I jumped. I then breathed a sigh of relief when I realized it was just an old cuckoo clock. That was also a weird thing to have. \"Where the hell am I?\" I asked myself. I then felt a hand on my shoulder and jumped. I turned around to see Champ standing there. \"What the fuck, Man? You're supposed to be the lookout.\" \"I thought that I could be the lookout in here.\" He remarked. \"You can't be the lookout in here.\" I declared. \"The word contains out. You have to be out.\" \"Let me tell you something, Taylor. I am not like most teenagers. I am afraid of death. I don't want to die.\" He explained. \"You're not going to die. Shivers isn't going to kill you.\" I assured him. \"You're right.\" He agreed. \"What kind of person puts bear traps in their basement?\" \"If you're not going to be the lookout then come with me.\" I instructed as I started to walk forward. \"What are you doing? Let's go outside where it's safe and there are no beartraps.\" He suggested. He ended up getting caught in a cobweb, which I had to admit was a bit funny. We walked into the house and I put the flashlight in my pocket. His house was less creepy than the basement, but I had already seen some of it when I came in with the police. I just needed to find Hannah and get out. \"I think she's up there.\" I stated. It wasn't much of a deduction considering that there didn't seem to be very many places that she could be locked up downstairs. I then heard a shaking sound and it seemed like he heard it too. \"It's coming from that room.\" We walked into a room where the lights were out. To an energy-conscious person that wouldn't seem like it would be a big deal, but the rest of the lights were on. I couldn't help but wonder what this guy was paying for his electric bill. Maybe he had a fixed rate. I took out my flashlight and found that it was a bookcase. It was completely full and it sounded like it was where the sound had come from. I couldn't help but wonder if there was a secret passage and Hannah was behind it, but that sounded like it would cost too much money. \"It sounds like the noise is coming from this bookcase.\" I stated. \"Well it's an old house.\" Champ declared. It did look kind of old, but I knew that they hadn't been living there that long. He then found a dimmer switch next to it and turned it on. \"Whoa, check this out: The Scarecrow Walks at Midnight, The Ghost Next Door, Night of the Living Dummy . These are all Goosebumps manuscripts.\" \"Why does he have a bunch of kids' books?\" I wondered. \"These are not kids' books.\" Champ replied. \"Kids' books help you fall asleep. These books keep you up all night.\" I always thought that they were more silly than scary. Also, some of the plot twists were just stupid. \"R.L. Stine: I wondered what happened to that guy.\" He mused. I wondered why he was obsessing over the books so much. \"He disappeared. He's probably dead. Who cares.\" I retorted. \"Hey, this is The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena. My grandma lives in Pasadena and did not want to visit her after reading this.\" He stated. \"Look, we're not here for book club.\" I declared as I took the book out of his hand. \"We're looking for Hannah.\" \"What I want to know is why these books are locked.\" He added. \"Who would lock a book? Why would you even need to put a lock on a book? I wonder if there's a key that we can unlock them all with.\" I then noticed a key with a cover over it. I was beginning to get irritated by him. \"If it matters that much…\" I replied before I took the key and unlocked it. \"There. Mystery solved…look out!\" At that moment, someone swung something at us and both of us hit the deck. He landed on top of me and I was suddenly in the most uncomfortable position that I had ever been in. The light was turned on and I saw Hannah, who were neither bound nor gagged. \"Taylor?\" She asked as I pushed Champ off of me. I was starting to wish that I hadn't worn a skirt. \"What are you doing inside of my house?\" \"I thought your dad had you bound or gagged or something.\" I remarked. \"Why would you think that?\" She questioned. \"Because I heard you scream and then I called the police…\" I explained. \"Okay, both of you need to get out of here immediately.\" Hannah stated. I decided that it was a good idea to listen because she seemed to be okay and I was technically breaking the law…okay not technically. \"Wait, one second.\" Champ interrupted. \"Hey, Taylor and I were going to go to the semi-formal dance. You should come and invite a friend. I have no preference on what she looks like.\" I was pretty sure I was Hannah's only friend. \"Did you unlock a book?\" She asked. \"Yeah, I'm sorry, I'll lock it up and put it back and then we'll leave.\" I stated before I grabbed the book. \"No, don't open it.\" She told me as she knocked it out of my hand. Suddenly, the book opened and there was a bright flash. I heard a growling sound and saw what appeared to be something forming. To my shock, it was a yeti. I didn't know what to say or what to do. That thing had just come out of the book. \"What just happened?\" I whispered. \"Nobody make a sound.\" Hannah whispered back. At that point, Champ knocked a lamp over. I was beginning to think that he was one of those guys who made everything worse. The monster turned to look at it and Champ screamed. I was actually expecting it to sound more girly to be honest. The monster rushed at him and I tackled him out of the way, causing it to go flying out the side of the house. There had been a window because it went away with the rest of the house. \"My dad's gonna kill me.\" Hannah declared as she grabbed the book and started to run. I started to run after her and Champ started to run after me. I finally managed to catch up to her. \"Hannah, what is happening?\" I asked. \"Go home, Taylor, you're in over your head.\" She declared. \"How about you tell me what's going on.\" I suggested. \"I don't have time. I have to go.\" She stated before she broke free of my grasp and started running again. I started to go after her but Champ wrapped him around me. It didn't stop me but it slowed me down a little. \"Get off of me.\" I ordered as I pushed him away. \"You can't do that to a girl.\" \"Taylor, listen carefully.\" He ordered. \"That is the Abominable Snowman. You don't get that name by being nice.\" \"I'm not going to let it hurt Hannah.\" I declared before I started running. I hoped that I hadn't lost her. We finally made it to an ice rink. You know it was kind of weird that a small town like Madison had one. Maybe it was more profitable than an amusement park because you could always go there. \"She went in there.\" I declared. \"It looks like she wasn't the only one.\" He stated. \"We should call the cops.\" \"Have you met the cops in this town?\" I inquired. \"Good point.\" He agreed. I looked around the room and saw that there was a lot of wreckage. It even managed to scratch the wall. \"Do you see the scratches?\" \"Yes, I see them.\" I remarked in annoyance. He was starting to get on my last nerves. \"We then headed toward the ice and I saw Hannah standing in the middle. I wondered if the ice wasn't very slick, because I never had an easy time walking on ice. \"Hannah, what are you doing? How did that thing come out of the book?\" I asked. She just shushed me. \"We should get a gun.\" Champ suggested. \"We'll need a bazooka to stop that thing.\" I argued. \"Wait, it's made of snow.\" He pointed out. \"We'll need a flamethrower.\" I remarked. Of course, I had no idea where to get one of those. Seriously, where did you buy a flamethrower? \"Quiet! He can't be killed.\" Hannah whispered before something fell from the sky. I picked it up and noticed it was a piece of candy. Then it started to rain candy before something else fell from the sky. \"Get out of the way!\" I shouted before a vending machine fell down. The monster then went down after it…and started to eat. \"It's distracted. Let's go.\" Champ and I started to pull Hannah with us. She struggled as we did. \"You don't understand. The only way to stop it is to suck it back into the book.\" She explained. \"Well put the book down and let it suck itself back in.\" Champ suggested. \"I'm not close enough.\" Hannah responded. She opened it and the beast the turned towards us. However, before she could open it, the monster came over and swatted it away. We started to chase after it and Champ found a Zamboni. We got on before we remembered that Zambonis were extremely slow and got off. We hid on the side before it noticed us and then Champ brought up a good idea which had us hiding in the penalty box. We watched as the monster ran into the glass and was temporarily dazed. Unfortunately, it got back up and started punching the glass. I couldn't believe I was going to die like this. Glass started to rain on us as it broke through. However, before it could reach us, it started to turn black. It was dissolving. A hole formed in it and I saw that Hannah's dad was on the other side. Monster struggled as it was slowly sucked back into the book. He closed the book and all of us looked at him with a mixture of what was gratitude and relief. At least it was for me. \"All of you in the car right now.\" He ordered. Chapter 3 is here. It's pretty much the same except for a few gender differences. I do plan on changing a few things. Please don't forget to review.[Chapter 4] We all got into Shivers's car. It wasn't the most comfortable vehicle. Hannah was in the front with him and Champ and I were in the back. I wondered if we were going to talk about what happened at all. I also wondered if he was upset with the giant hole in his house. I couldn't help but wonder how long it would take to fix something like that. \"What are you going to do to us?\" Champ asked. \"Quiet!\" Shivers replied. \"I was just asking a question.\" Champ defended. He probably should have taken the hint. I wanted to know more about happened. \"Dad, they were just trying to help.\" Hannah told him. \"I told you to stay away from us or something bad would happen but kids today don't listen.\" He remarked. Well maybe he shouldn't have made me think he was abusing Hannah. \"You had to pick Abominable Snowman of Pasadena. You couldn't have picked Bad Hare Day. \" \"Wait a minute. You're him. You're R.L. Stine.\" I realized. \"Who? I do not know this Stine guy you speak of.\" He declared. I couldn't help but wonder why he was denying it. I also thought he was taller with a mole. \"Oh well, his books suck anyway.\" I retorted. Hannah then turned to look at me. \"What are you doing?\" She asked. \"I don't know which one I hate more Go Eat Worms or Chicken, Chicken. \" I continued. \"I'm so confused.\" Champ remarked. \"His endings are predictable because they always have a twist. It's like he's trying to be M. Night Shyamalan or Stephen King.\" I stated. He then suddenly slammed on the brakes and we all went forward. He then parked in the middle of the street. It really seemed like no one was on the road. \"Let me tell you something about Steve King. Steve King wishes he could write like me and he wishes he could sell as many books as me, but no one ever talks about that!\" He declared. \"Okay, Mr. Stine.\" I replied. \"Dad, you're turning red again.\" He told him as she rubbed his shoulder. \"Wow, you're R.L. Stine?\" Champ asked. \"You're really him? Can I get a picture?\" Champ then proceeded to take a selfie with him despite his protests. I didn't know that guys did that. Then again, it seemed like Champ wasn't like most guys that I knew. \"Get that out of here!\" Stine demanded. \"Sorry, I just wanted a photo to remember this by.\" Champ grumbled. \"Oh, is that all it is? Let me see that.\" Stine inquired. Champ proceeded to give him his phone. He shouldn't have done it because the man proceeded to throw it out the window. I hoped that Champ had insurance over that. I wondered if celebrities could get away with something like that. We soon arrived back at Stine's house. I closed the door behind me, not realizing that Champ was trying to get out. Did the door on the other side not work? \"So, what are we going to do now?\" I asked him. \"You're both going to go home and go to sleep and by tomorrow this will all seem like a bad dream.\" Stine explained as he headed into his house. How would he explain the damage to his house and the hockey rink? Someone would find out about that. \"Dad, wait.\" Hannah declared. \"There's no time. Start packing because we're moving again.\" Stine instructed before Hannah went into the house. \"So, how about that dance?\" Champ suggested. I couldn't believe that he was still thinking about that. Besides, I needed more answers. I went into the house and Champ followed me. Immediately, I heard the sound of them arguing. We then went back to the study and he threw a lamp at us. At least, I think he was throwing it at us, but it landed nowhere near us. \"I could have killed you.\" He remarked. \"That was a terrible throw.\" Champ replied. Not to mention, it probably wasn't thrown hard enough. \"What are you doing here? Go home now!\" He ordered. \"No.\" I said before I walked up to him. \"I'm not going anywhere until you give me some damn answers.\" \"No, no, no. I can't explain it.\" He replied. \"We were just almost dinner for Frosty the Snowman, which should be impossible by the way, so you better try!\" I commanded him. \"Alright! When I was younger, I suffered from terrible allergies that made it so I couldn't go outside.\" He explained. \"All of the kids made of fun of me, so I made my own friends: monsters, demons, ghouls. I wanted to terrorize my neighborhood and all of the kids who made fun of me. There were real to me and soon they were actually real. My monsters jumped off the page. If the books are locked, we're safe, but if they're unlocked…well I believe you've seen that.\" \"I'm allergic to dust.\" Champ stated. \"What's your point?\" Stine asked in confusion. \"I'm just saying that I have allergies too, so I feel your pain.\" Champ replied. \"Why are you still here?\" Stine questioned. \"Hannah, let's go.\" Hannah just stood there and looked at us. \"Hannah!\" He called. \"Let's just go.\" I stated. However, before we get out the door, I heard another voice and decided to check it out. \"How long has it been, Papa?\" A dummy asked. I remembered that one. It was Slappy from Night of the Living Dummy. How did he get out? \"Feels like forever. Who's your sexy new friend?\" It was then that I remembered that Slappy had a thing for underage girls. \"We're not friends.\" I declared. \"We barely know the guy.\" \"Slappy, it's so nice to see you again.\" Stine said cautiously. Suddenly, the lights flickered and Slappy was across the room holding the key. \"So, what's the plan, Papa?\" Slappy asked. \"You must have brought me out for some kind of romp. Do you want to destroy the town? Well, let's get silly.\" \"You got it, Slappy. I'm going to destroy Madison and I need your help.\" He answered as he looked at the book. \"Aw, shucks, you're giving me well…goosebumps.\" Slappy replied. \"Oh my god, he's so creepy.\" Champ whispered. \"He's such a screwball.\" Stine said as he slowly creeped towards the book. \"Such a clever little dummy.\" \"Hey, who you calling dummy, Dummy?\" Slappy retorted. \"You're trying to put me back in.\" \"No, I would never do that, Slappy.\" Stine remarked. \"I know when you're lying to me Papa.\" Slappy declared. At that point, Stine rushed towards the book. The lights flickered again and suddenly Slappy was at the hole holding the book and a match. How did he do that? \"Slappy's not going back on the shelf ever again.\" He then proceeded to light the book on fire and then throw it outside. \"I think it's time that I become the master. Tonight will be your best book ever. All of your children are coming out to party.\" Slappy added. Once again, the lights flickered. Only this time, Slappy had disappeared entirely. \"Thank God, he's gone.\" Champ said. I actually thought that was a bad thing. \"Oh no, he's gone.\" Stine echoed. I then noticed the bookcase was empty. \"And he's taken all of the books.\" We then headed downstairs. It looked like we would have to stop him. \"Congrats, you've just released a demon disguised as a ventriloquist dummy with a Napoleon Complex.\" Stine declared. \"Hey, I opened one book and I wouldn't have been in the house if you just let me know Hannah was okay last night.\" I countered. \"I thought you were abusing her.\" \"The Snowman probably knocked Slappy's book down.\" Hannah explained. He should put a stronger lock on it. \"I still blame her.\" Stine remarked. \"I don't like you and I would never hurt my daughter.\" He then tried to open the door, but it didn't open. \"It's locked from the outside.\" He stated. What kind of person had a door that could only be opened from the outside? I then heard something. \"Let's go to the kitchen.\" When we got to the kitchen, we found out that it was infested by living lawn gnomes. Seriously, all of these animate inanimate objects were going to give me nightmares. Maybe Champ was right about his stories really being scary. \"You know they look kind of cute.\" I commented before a steak knife went flying through the air and got stuck in a cabin just inches away from my head. \"Okay, they're not cute anymore!\" They then started to attack. Luckily, for us, we found that they were very fragile. They tried to put Stine in the oven, which was on fire for some reason. I then noticed that a shovel was lying around and starting swinging at them. Once we realized that was too slow, we put them in the oven. We probably could just turned into off, but I supposed that worked too. \"You know this is not what I expected when I came over.\" Champ muttered as we started to untie Stine. \"'I want to go to the dance with you. It'll be fun.'\" It was then that we realized that the gnomes were starting to put themselves back together. Hannah was right. They couldn't be killed. \"We need to get out of here.\" I said. I then had an idea. \"Let's go to the basement.\" \"It's locked.\" Stine declared. \"No, it's not. I picked it.\" I retorted. He already knew I had gotten in somehow. \"That's breaking and entering!\" He yelled. \"How do you think we got in?\" I challenged. \"I thought Hannah let you in.\" He stated. \"Watch out for the bear traps.\" \"Why did you put bear traps in your basement?\" Champ asked. \"I was preparing for something like this.\" Stine answered. We made our way through the basement and then locked it behind us. \"Why couldn't you have written stories about unicorns and rainbows?\" I asked. \"Because unicorns and rainbows don't sell 400 million copies.\" Stine retorted. \"Domestic?\" Champ asked. \"No, international. It's still pretty good.\" Stine explained. I supposed it was. \"Hey!\" A female voice interrupted. We all turned to a young redhead wearing a maroon tank top and black leggings with white flats and her hands on her hips. \"Are you the people that have been screaming all night? I've been trying to study.\" \"Look, Miss…\" Stine started. \"Lexi.\" The girl completed. \"Lexi, we're in the middle something really important right now.\" Stine finished. \"What is that thing?\" She asked. We looked behind and it appeared to be a monster made out of mud. \"Get in the car!\" Stine ordered. I hoped that we wouldn't need to pick anyone else up because the car only seated five. As we drove, I couldn't help but notice fire. \"He's burning the books.\" Hannah said. \"What books? What's going on?\" Lexi asked. We gave her a quick rundown of what was going on. I wasn't sure if she would believe it. \"So, what you're saying is that you're R.L. Stine and this dummy has all of your books and is trying to destroy the town?\" She questioned. \"That's not possible.\" \"I assure you that it is possible.\" Stine declared. \"Also, not all of them. I buried Chicken, Chicken in a landfill in New Mexico. All of this is Slappy's revenge. Slappy's Revenge: that would be a great title.\" Once we got to the town, we started to see the chaos. Cars were destroyed, lampposts were knocked over, and civilians seemed to be frozen. I hoped that there was a way to reverse that without killing them. I also hoped that they weren't already dead. \"Everyone in town's been frozen.\" Hannah remarked. \"Oh my God, Dad!\" Champ said before he ran over to a man. \"Wait. My dad's in Denver.\" \"What are we going to do?\" I asked. There had to be a way to fix it. \"Without those manuscripts, there's nothing I can do.\" Stine told us. \"Okay, I still don't believe any of this.\" Lexi said. \"But assuming that it is actually real and I'm not dreaming, couldn't you write them back onto their pages.\" \"That's a good idea.\" I agreed. \"Yeah, do that.\" Champ suggested. \"Do have any idea how many books I'd have to write to capture every monster I've ever created?\" Stine challenged. \"I already have carpal tunnel in both hands.\" \"Dad, it's a great idea.\" Hannah stated. \"One book.\" I answered. \"You only need to write to one book to capture them all.\" \"You want me to write one story with every monster I've ever created?\" He replied. \"I cannot believe you like this one.\" \"Let's hear your idea then.\" I suggested. \"Fine, I don't have one.\" He admitted. \"Well we gotta get you to a computer so you can start writing.\" I stated. \"Look there's a computer store. I'm sure they won't mind us stealing one if it saves the town.\" \"That won't work.\" Stine explained. \"It has to be my typewriter. Everything I've ever written was on that Smith-Corona. Did you think I had magic powers? I write on anything else, it won't work.\" \"Let's go get it from your house then.\" Lexi suggested. \"Don't worry. It's somewhere safe.\" Stine declared. \"It's at the school.\" So I added a new character. Lexi is played by Katherine McNamara. I also brought in the mud monster from You Can't Scare Me. Please don't forget to review.[Chapter 5] We drove down the road towards the school. I couldn't help but wonder if I should try to get to know Lexi at all. It wasn't really the time for bonding. At the moment, I was trying to call my mom. I wasn't sure if she would believe anything that I had to say to her since it sounded crazy. \"So, my phone is not working.\" I declared. It wasn't the best time for them to be doing tower maintenance. \"Slappy's taken out the cell towers.\" Stine explained. \"That's what I would do. He's cutting off and isolating us from the world.\" I then heard a bump and then another one. \"What's that?\" Lexi asked. At that time, some handprints appeared on the screen. \"It's the Invisible Boy. He's a real pain in the ass.\" Stine answered before he slapped Champ. \"Hey, don't touch those.\" Lexi replied before she tried to grab him. \"Roll down the window.\" I ordered. \"Hold on.\" Stine declared before he slammed on the breaks. \"Is everyone okay?\" \"Yeah.\" I answered. \"I'm fine.\" Champ added. \"Wait! Look out!\" I then noticed that there was a telephone pole in the road. He swerved and he hit a post on a side of the road, but no one appeared to be injured. \"Wow, that thing came out of nowhere.\" Stine remarked, At that time, something else came out of nowhere. It appeared to be a…giant praying mantis. We all screamed when we saw it. I already didn't like bugs, so that was the thing out of my nightmares. \"I don't remember creating a giant praying mantis.\" He stated before the monster spit up on the windshield. \"Right. It's from A Shocker on Shock Street.\" \"Less remembering, more driving.\" I ordered before he turned on the windshield wipers instead. \"What are you doing?\" \"I can't drive if I can't see.\" He pointed out. \"Just fucking go!\" I screamed. He began to drive and the creature began to follow us. It crashed into city hall. Everyone seemed to be giving him different directions. \"Does someone else want to drive because I will pull over right now.\" He replied in frustration. He began to drive erratically. It was a good thing that I didn't get motion sickness and it was also good that we were the only ones on the road. He continued to head forward and eventually pulled into a supermarket, which also seemed to be empty. I couldn't believe that no one from the city shopped at night. Of course, they could have ran away because possible monsters. Eventually, he swerved to avoid another car and flipped his car. Fortunately, we had enough time to go inside of the store before the monster could get to us. It did end up getting to his car and tearing it up. \"Wait, I thought that thing was a robot.\" I explained. \"It wasn't in the first draft.\" Stine explained before the monster dropped the car to the ground. \"Oh, not the Wagoneer. I had such low mileage on it.\" I couldn't help but wonder how all of the damage these monsters was going to be paid for. I wondered if he could write that into the book, but probably not. \"Does anyone know how far we are from the high school?\" I asked. \"It's not very far. We can cut through the cemetery.\" Hannah replied. \"That sounds like a bad idea.\" Lexi commented. \"Cemeteries and monster movies don't mix.\" \"It'll be fine. The high school is just past the woods on the other side.\" Hannah added. She really knew her way around town. \"Huh, how do you know that?\" Stine asked as he grabbed her arm. \"Um…sometimes I get a little restless and go exploring.\" Hannah explained as she folded her fingers. \"When?\" He asked in exasperation. \"At night after you go to sleep.\" She replied. \"You are grounded.\" He remarked. \"That is so unfair!\" Hannah argued. This wasn't the time for that. \"Alright, we can argue later. Let's go to the school now.\" I suggested. From there we split up. Hannah was with me and Stine was with Lexi and Champ. At least I finally got some alone time with her. \"I don't know what I was thinking. There is a lot more going on here than New York.\" I remarked. \"Hey, you cut yourself.\" She told me. \"What? Is it bad?\" I asked. \"Totally.\" She answered. \"Wait…did something happen to my face?\" I questioned. \"Yes.\" She responded before she rubbed head. \"You look exactly the same.\" I smiled and she smiled and I thought we were about to kiss before I heard a sound. She turned to face it. \"What was that?\" I asked. We slowly walked forward and I noticed nothing before I saw some hairy arms. It was a werewolf and it was enjoying the meat. It didn't seem to notice us. We could probably sneak the other way. That was until Champ decided to open a soda and it turned towards us. We quickly moved away and split up again. This time I was with Stine and Lexi and Champ was with Hannah. We headed down an aisle and suddenly Stine started spraying himself with some Axe. He was probably too old for that stuff. It also wasn't the time to prepare for a hot date. That just gave me some strange thoughts. \"What are you doing?\" Lexi asked him. \"It's The Werewolf of Fever Swamp. He can smell my scent.\" He whispered as he continued to spray himself. Lexi looked just as confused as I was. \"It's not working. I have to hide.\" \"What was that?\" She questioned. \"I think it would be best if we didn't talk about it.\" I remarked. \"How is that stuff supposed to attract women?\" It wasn't long until Hannah and Champ made their way back to us. I noticed that Stine was hiding under some produce. The wolf got on top of the produce and began to slobber with some of it landing on his face. He looked like he was about to sneeze. I shook my head. \"Do something.\" Hannah whispered. I noticed that we were conveniently by some dog toys. I opened up a squeaky chicken leg and threw it. As I predicted, the wolf ran after it and we urged Stine to run towards us. We then started to run. \"He's on our tail.\" Stine declared. It was at that time that I realized that he had the advantage because he could climb on the coolers. I did not want to be eaten by a werewolf before I got a chance to kiss a girl. I knocked over a shelf causing him to trip. Stine took a moment to celebrate before he tripped and fell into a shopping cart. \"Get me out.\" He ordered. \"I can't.\" I pointed out. I decided to do the next best thing and started to push him. \"I said get me out.\" He repeated before he realized the beast was behind us. \"No keep pushing!\" I noticed that Lexi, Hannah, and Champ found an exit. \"Go! We're right behind you.\" I declared. We ran toward the door and shut it behind us. \"Let's see him get through that.\" Stine declared. At that point, the door began to move. \"Let's not.\" I suggested. We began to run before he broke through and I noticed that he had us cornered. However, just like when it looked like we were done for, a car appeared and rammed into the beast, knocking him into a dumpster. I then noticed that Lorraine was driving it. \"I'm okay.\" She said before the airbag deployed. \"I'm still okay.\" \"What just happened?\" Hannah asked. \"Who is that?\" \"That's my aunt Lorraine.\" I explained as she got out of the car. \"Oh my God, I think I killed that bear.\" She stated. \"It was actually a werewolf.\" Hannah declared. \"What?\" Lorraine asked. \"What are you doing here?\" I questioned. \"This is the back of my store. I didn't know where else to go.\" She explained as I noticed her parking spot. \"I can't get a hold of your mother or the cops or anyone. Hello.\" \"Um…hi.\" Stine stammered. \"I don't think we've ever been properly introduced.\" She declared as she held her hand out. \"My name's Lorraine.\" \"R.L. Stine.\" He responded as he shook her hand. \"We owe you a great debt of gratitude. Your reckless driving saved our lives.\" \"That was nothing.\" She giggled. \"Lorraine, Lorraine, Lorraine!\" I yelled. \"We don't have time for this. I need you to go to the police station and tell them to meet us at the high school. Can you do that?\" \"I can do that.\" Lorraine agreed. \"Oh, did you want to exchange numbers?\" \"I would like to but we can do it later.\" Stine replied as we ran off. We began to walk to the creepiest part of town. I wasn't sure what was scarier than a cemetery at night. Of course, some of the other things that I had seen tonight could probably top that. I knew that I never wanted to write a horror story after this. I probably never wanted to read one or even watch a movie. I may even have to give up on werewolf movies after coming close to face-to-face with one. Maybe I could still watch the ones where the people turn into wolves. Those would probably still be okay to watch. Soon we actually arrived at the cemetery. I could tell that I wasn't the only one who seemed to be a bit disturbed. \"This is a bad idea.\" Champ declared before we heard a soft creak. \"What was that?\" Suddenly, he tripped and Stine helped him up. \"Are you okay?\" The man questioned. \"Yeah, it's just a root.\" Champ declared. \"There's nothing scary here.\" \"So how did you get the nickname Champ?\" Stine asked. \"It's not a nickname. It's my name. It's short for Champion.\" Champ explained. Wow, that was ironic and kind of embarrassing. \"You're actually name is Champion?\" Stine chuckled. I had seen some of the names that he had given his characters, so I didn't think he had any room to judge. \"Sorry.\" Champ then started to explain how his parents were Olympic gold medalists. I started to tune out. Lexi started to walk with them. \"You know if you're scared, I can hold your hand.\" I offered. \"Please you're the scaredy cat.\" She replied before she screamed suddenly. I kind of wanted to laugh because her hood got stuck on a statue, but I knew it wasn't the time for that. \"Hey, you're fine.\" I explained. \"It's just a statue. It's fine. Just give me a second and I'll get it off.\" \"I guess you're my hero.\" She quipped as I removed the garment from the statue. \"There. Looks like you're safe now.\" I retorted. I walked closer to her. This was it. I was about to get my first kiss. I closed my eyes and then opened them again because I was nervous. It was then that I noticed that some moonlight was shining down on us. However, what was important was what was happening with Hannah. She was not only glowing, but I could see through her. Holy crap, she was one of them. So, I was going to have this chapter be longer, but I really wanted to end at this part. Anyway, Taylor found out that Hannah is a ghost. That is going to complicate their relationship. Please don't forget to review. ","Summary":" I sat in the front of a Volkswagen next to my mom with a U-Haul attached to the back. We were movin"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Giving Goosebumps","Author":"sonicshadowlover13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12439066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Chapter 1: From Normal to Horror* \"This guy creeps me out. We better get a big tip.\" A skinny mover said, carrying the box filled with books. His partner is by the truck, waiting for his friend to bring the box over to the trunk. He has a black beard. \"If you're that concerned, maybe not try to drop his stuff.\" He pointed out. But he spoke too soon when one of the manuscripts fell out of the box and land on the sidewalk, and the lock is snapped open. \"Whoa, careful! What'd I say?\" \"Sorry. It fell out.\" The skinny mover said. \"And besides, the lock got busted before it fell out.\" \"Yeah, sure. Maybe the guy won't notice.\" \"Whatever, just finish packing up all this junk.\" The skinny mover said, picking up the book. \"I'll head back up for the rest.\" He places the book back in the box and load it inside the trunk. The book had a title labeled, Night of the Living Dummy . The truck of Sal's is driving down the dark highway, and there are no cars around at this hour. Pretty spooky. The movers are wondering why would a person hire the moving company so late. But, at the same time, the movers needed a job. \"So, what about that girl? Should I call her or not?\" A skinny mover asked, wearing the hat backwards to have his blonde hair sticking out. His partner chuckled at him. \"The tollbooth operator? You ain't got a chance, man.\" \"Eh, it's probably for the best anyway.\" The mover in a passenger seat said, bringing his feet up on the dashboard. He turned to the driver who focuses on the road. \"Say, you ever get creeped out by driving late at night like this?\" \"Whattya mean?\" A bearded mover asked. \"Oh, you know. It's late, everyone's asleep, so gotta be things slinking out of the shadows.\" \"This better not be about the Haunted Car again.\" A driver said, rolling his eyes. The blonde mover turned to him. \"It's real! I swear!\" He told him. Real, maybe. But not haunted.\" The bearded driver said. \"Look, you can't scare me. You told me so many scary tales the last few-\" CRASH! That alarmed the men. They pulled over fast and looked at each other all startled after hearing the loud noise. It came from the trunk of the van. So the two movers got out of the van, got their flashlights out and head over to the trunk. \"So? You gonna open it?\" A bearded mover asked, facing his partner who stares at the door of the trunk. \"I ain't opening it.\" The skinny mover said, shaking his head. \"You're the one with the scary adventures, man. Just open it! We ain't got all night.\" The bearded mover said. The skinny blonde mover sighed and pull the trunk up and use his flashlight to see some boxes in place, but there are two boxes that have the books are now opened, and the books are scattered on the floor of the trunk. \"See anything?\" A bearded mover asked his partner. \"Just those books all over.\" The blonde mover replied. He raises a flashlight and spotted a small figure. \"Whoa!\" \"What is it?\" \"Somebody's in here! I think it's a kid!\" A skinny mover exclaimed. The bearded mover came up by his partner's side, using his own flashlight to see a figure. He got a better look at it. It's not a kid. The bearded let out a giggle. \"It's only a ventriloquist dummy.\" He said. The two stared at the dummy with relief. The dummy has dark brown painted, sculpted hair, wearing a suit with a red tie, and a fake red flower pinned on the suit, dress shoes, and on the dummy's face there are two marks. One on his nose, one on his chin. Then, the dummy moves his head towards the men, opening his brown eyes that are full of anger. \"Who're you calling, 'dummy', dummy?!\" He rasped. The movers let out a scream and the door slams shut behind them. A shrill laughter is heard from the inside. The next day... The school bell rings, and the front doors burst open by the teens of the junior high school. In front of the school is a girl with black hair, brown eyes, wearing glasses, and wear a purple backpack. She is wearing a red and white striped shirt, a black wrist band, blue jeans, and black converse. The 12 in a half girl got her phone out and see the text from her mom, telling her that she and the father will be home late and her older brother will be home soon. \"Guess I'll text Chad to order us pizza since mom and dad not going to be home after work.\" She said to herself. Then, a 15 year old boy rushed over to the girl, gripping his own cell phone. He has dark brown hair, blue eyes, and wearing a blue backpack. He is wearing a white shirt with green stripes on the sleeves and chest, blue jeans, and white sneakers. \"Sorry, Melissa. I forgot my phone.\" The teenage boy said. \"I left it in my locker.\" \"No surprise there, Drake.\" The girl replied. \"Listen, mom and dad are going to be late, and Chad might be getting us dinner when he gets home.\" Drake nodded and walked off with his sister leading the way. They walk down the parking lot of the school and see the woods. They always take a shortcut through the woods to get home faster. Their mother didn't like the idea of them walking into the woods and afraid that they might get kidnapped or worse, but the teens convinced her that nobody will ever try to take them away or harm them since the woods is very close to the neighborhood. \"We got a house to ourselves. What should we do?\" Drake asked. Before Melissa could answer, there is someone ahead of the road between the paths. The strange looking figure is watching them with glowing eyes. There's something off about the man. Melissa could've sworn she could see leaves on the man's head. \"H-hello?\" Melissa called. \"Are you injured?\" The man didn't reply. Can he speak? \"Mel, we should go around the other way.\" Drake said, backing up slowly, watching the leaf head man. \"He's watching us. Let's get out of here.\" Two siblings hear a leafy hiss, and the man is about to approach them. Melissa and Drake backed up, frightened. The plant man is about to attack.[Chapter 2] *Chapter 2: Stay Out of the Forest!* The man extended his arms out and it grows out vines towards the kids who cry out in alarm. Drake and Melissa tried to run away, but they feel vines wrapping around their legs to make them fall. The man made a leafy hiss at them as he pulls them towards him. \"Let go of us! Let go!\" Melissa screamed, clawing on the dirt. \"Somebody help us!\" Drake cried out. Then, a green object popped out from behind one of the bushes. Drake grabbed it and started to spray at the vines. Smoke is coming out of the vines, and the man let out a cry of agony. Drake looked at the object he uses. Weed Killer. \"Hang on, Melissa!\" Drake rushed over to his sister and spray the vines that are wrapped around her legs. The vines went loose, and Melissa is free from the vines. Drake aims the Weed Killer at the plant man and spray him some more. The plant man roared and smoke is around him. He is in pain. He recoils by the tree, trembling in agony. Melissa then turned her head to see a small figure running from behind the bushes who gave her brother the object to harm the plant man. Drake walked over to Melissa, asking her if she is okay. \"Drake...what the heck just happened?\" Melissa asked, looking back at the plant man who is still trembling. \"I don't know.\" Drake replied, looking around the woods, but he can see some houses above behind the trees. \"Let's just go home, and ask questions later.\" He hurriedly walked down the road while Melissa follows him, turning her head back to where the plant man is. He won't be bothering anybody now. How is that possible? A man made of plants? It can't be real. As the kids disappear, a small figure watches them from behind the tree with light blue eyes. He has messy brown hair, buck teeth, wearing a red sweater, and jeans with black shoes. And he is made of wood. \"That was a close one. Good thing I pass out the Weed Killer to them in time.\" He said to himself. \"I hope they made it home okay.\" Getting close to their neighborhood, Drake and Melissa spotted some kids gather around something by the tunnel. They couldn't see what the kids are looking at, but they do want to find out. Drake walked up to one of the kids, tapping his shoulder. \"Hey, what's going on here?\" He asked. \"None your business, Drake! Go away!\" A boy around his age snapped, turning his head to face him and Melissa. \"Yeah, you guys ain't cool enough to see it!\" A blonde girl snorted, crossing her arms. Melissa rolled her eyes and walk up the hill. Drake glared at the teens before following his sister. Those kids are rude. And they go to the same school with Drake and Melissa. \"Can you believe those guys?\" Drake asked. \"Whatever they saw must not be cool anyway.\" \"Ignore them, Drake. They're not cool either.\" Melissa said. \"Good thing you didn't bring up about what we just saw back there and almost got kidnapped or something.\" Drake thought back of the plant man. He turned to his sister again. \"We should call the police about that guy. We almost got taken away.\" He said. Melissa stopped walking and face her brother. \"And tell them that he is a plant?\" She asked. \"They won't believe that part. And besides, you almost killed him with that Weed Killer. He won't be a bother. But, someone gave us the Weed Killer. I thought I saw someone back there...\" While she was talking, Drake looked up the street to see the van in the middle of the street, damaged, and the trunk is open. There was an accident. And no one was around outside their houses to see the situation. He ran towards the van to see what's inside the trunk and he let out a gasp. \"Whoaaa! Hey, Mel! Check this out!\" He called. Inside there are opened boxes. There is a scarecrow, a jar with glowing liquid inside, a shrunken head, a portrait of a vampire, and many strange things. Melissa came up to Drake and see inside the van. \"Wonder what all this stuff belongs to?\" Drake asked, climbing inside the trunk to see the rest of the things. \"Drake, what're you doing? Get out of there!\" Melissa scolded. \"C'mon, it wouldn't hurt to see what's inside.\" Drake said, smirking at her. Melissa shook her head and climbed inside. Her brother was right, there are so many unique things in this van. \"Where are the people who drove this van?\" Drake wondered, picking up a little statue of an elephant. \"The van blocks the street and no one was around to see the accident.\" \"Maybe this happened this morning or something.\" Melissa guessed. \"Whoever drove this to the guy's new house must be getting help. I don't know.\" Drake then picked up the shrunken head. It looks gross. The lips and eyes are stitched up. \"This guy must've been a collector or something.\" Drake said. He puts the shrunken head down and picked up the magician's hat. \"Ah, there it is!\" A male voice said from outside. The kids looked outside of the trunk and see no one. Melissa peeked out and see a white bunny below the van, looking up at her with its red eyes. \"Hello?\" Melissa called, looking around. \"Ahem! Down here!\" A male voice snapped. Melissa looked down at the bunny and see it place it's tiny paws on the sides. \"Give me that hat!\" The bunny spoke again. \"...Drake.\" Melissa called, not taking her eyes off of the bunny who taps his foot impatiently. Drake peeked out with a hat and see the bunny. Melissa took the hat from her brother's hands and gave it to the bunny. The bunny placed the hat on his little head. \"Thank you! I've been looking all over for this. And those brats back there finally left me alone, and then you two found my hat from the van where I left it.\" He spoke. \"Ta-ta for now.\" The bunny stomps his foot and disappeared by a puff of smoke. Drake slowly turned to his sister, wide-eyed. \"The rabbit was talking to us...\" He said. \"I know.\" Melissa said with a nod. \"Should we tell somebody about that?\" \"Who would believe us about the talking rabbit?\" \"...Good point.\" \"Let's...just go home.\" Melissa walked around the van and pass a few houses while Drake follows her. What is going on here? First a plant man, then a talking bunny, what's next? Today after school was getting weirder. But things are going to be a lot more weirder. The kids found their house, but it is not what it seems. It looks old, dark, and haunted. What happened to their house? Before they could get close to their house, they hear growling. Drake looked down by his feet to see a white poodle wearing a collar, and have a pink ribbon at the front, and it has a leash. But there's something off about this poodle. The canines are long and sharp, like a vampire. It barks at the kids, making them jump away in shock. The dog growls at them as it was pulled back a little by the owner. The woman is scrawny looking. She is wearing purple clothes, her black hair with a white streak is in a bun, and she is wearing glasses. Her dark eyes stare at the startled kids. \"Sorry about the dog. She looks to have given you both quite a fright.\" The woman said. Drake and Melissa recovered from the scare and look at the woman. \"Eh, it's okay.\" Drake said. \"You new around here? I'm Drake, and this is my little sister, Melissa. What's your name?\" \"Forster. Mrs. Forster.\" The woman told them. \"Uh, nice to meet you.\" Melissa said, trying not to sound nervous. There's the uncomfortable silence. \"Now if you'll excuse us...\" Mrs. Forster spoke and walk down the sidewalk with the poodle who trots ahead of the owner. Melissa shook her body a little. Drake turned to her. \"What's wrong?\" \"I'm getting goosebumps...\" \"...Okay. Let's just...get to our house.\" Drake said, walking to the gloomy looking house. If it's their house.[Chapter 3] *Chapter 3: Welcome to Dead House* \"You got the key of this...house?\" Melissa asked, looking up at their \"house\". Drake digs through his backpack and got a silver house key out. He walked up to the door and place the key in the keyhole of the door. A click is heard and the door is unlocked. Melissa walked up the porch and got her phone, trying to get a hold of their brother, but all she hears is a voicemail. \"Chad needs to answer his phone! He needs to know what was happening!\" Melissa said with a look. She walked inside the house, and the door slams behind her. Two siblings look around the room, and everything is not familiar. There's dust and cobwebs everywhere at the entryway. Their mother wouldn't leave a house like this. This is without a doubt not their house. \"Uh...are we in the wrong house?\" Drake asked, looking around. \"This doesn't look familiar.\" \"But, the house key fits, and...\" Melissa was trailed off when she started to noticed something in front of the stairs. Three kids materialized in front of them. Two boys and a girl. \"This house is haunted.\" Drake whispered to his sister. Melissa didn't say a word. She took off her glasses to rub her eyes, and then put them back on and see those kids staring back at them. They're ghosts alright. A tall blonde boy around Drake's age spoke to them. \"I live here, you know.\" He said. His voice echoes through the entryway, and his breath is seen. It feels cold. \"I hate going into the basement. You believe me, don't you?\" The blonde ghost boy said. Drake and Melissa didn't speak to him. They turn their attention to the young boy with brown hair, and he faces the floor. He looks shy. \"I wanna hear a song, but I can't find it.\" He mumbled. He digs his foot into the carpet nervously. \"If I look, it'll wake mom and dad.\" \"...Okay?\" Melissa spoke. Then, the girl stomps her foot at the kids, angry. She doesn't look happy to see Drake and Melissa. She shot them a glare. \"You're not supposed to be here, get out of my house! Strangers aren't allowed in here!\" She yelled. \"Go away! Go away!\" Drake raises his hands up in defense. \"Whoa, calm down! We thought this is our house, and-\" \"Can't fool me! I was born on a leap year! I know things.\" The ghost girl said, crossing her arms at him. Melissa turned away from the ghosts to see the dining room. She walked past the ghosts, gripping on her backpack, but she was stopped by the blonde boy. \"Wait...\" He said. Melissa turned back to him. He pointed at the mail that Melissa got before she walked in the house. \"I got a letter...\" The blonde boy said. Melissa looked down at the mail and see the letter. There's the address of the house and a name of the ghost boy. She hands the letter to him, and the ghost took it. He smiles at Melissa before disappearing from the foyer. He seems to be at peace now. \"...What just happened?\" Melissa wondered, frozen at place. \"He's in peace now...\" A young boy mumbled. \"Yeah, but you can't get rid of me! I live here! Get out of my house!\" A girl snapped. Drake just rolled his eyes and walk pass her to join his sister. \"So, to help these guys, we need to find something for them.\" Drake whispered to Melissa. \"Yeah. But, right now I need something to drink and try to figure things out.\" Melissa told him before walking in the dining room. As she walked in the dark dining room with candles lit, and there is a old woman sitting across from her. She is wearing a purple dress, a pearl necklace, and white short hair. She is holding a glass cup, grinning at the girl who stares back confusingly. Who is this woman? How did she get in? Drake walked in to see the strange woman in the dining room. \"Ah, there you are, you two children. Drake and Melissa!\" The woman greeted. How does she know their names? \"Come give me a big kiss!\" The woman said. Drake and Melissa didn't move. They only stare at her, wanting to know who she is. The woman gave them a toothy grin again. \"Aww...is that any way to treat your Aunt Dahlia?\" She asked. \"We...we don't know you!\" Melissa told her with a suspicious look. \"We don't have an Aunt Dahlia. Who are you, really?\" Drake said. \"But of course you two have an Aunt Dahlia!\" A woman said. \"I was told to watch you two for today.\" \"Our mom would've mentioned you...\" Melissa said. \"But of course she wouldn't.\" Dahlia said. \"I'm from your father's side of the family.\" Drake shook his head. \"No way. You're a stranger.\" He told the old woman. Dahlia frowned at them. \"Hmph. Well, I'll be waiting here when you learn some manners.\" She told them. Melissa just walked in the kitchen, leaving Drake alone with Dahlia who didn't speak to him again. XX Melissa opened the fridge and see nothing for her to eat. There's only a jar of jelly called, Jelly Jam . And there is a bottle of the purple liquid. What is that stuff? Melissa picked it up to examine it. She never seen the purple stuff in the fridge of hers before. Did the lady from the dining put it there for her to drink? Is it hers? \"Hmmm...\" Melissa mumbled. She turned back to the dining room, hearing Drake talking to Dahlia. Something tells her to use the mysterious juice on the woman. XX \"So, this poodle almost bites us when we're on our way home, and there's a woman who walks the dog. Her name is Mrs. Forster.\" Drake said, sitting across from Dahlia who nods at him. Melissa peeked out to see the woman's eye lids growing heavy. She gestures her brother to keep talking to her, holding the purple juice in her hands. \"And those ghost kids appeared back at the foyer there, and now there are two left.\" Drake continued. \"And now, here we are. With you-\" A snore is heard from Dahlia. Melissa carefully pours the purple juice in Dahlia's glass before moving away from her. Drake went over to her. \"What're you doing?\" \"Giving this strange woman the drink she brought.\" Melissa whispered. \"I wouldn't drink this stuff. It could be poison!\" \"She said something about prune juice. She hands me a glass, but I decline it.\" \"Good.\" Melissa said. The two backed away from the old woman before she woke up with a start. Dahlia began to drink the juice from her glass, looking at the kids. Then, she begins to cough violently. She started to grow more wrinkles on her face and hands. She glared at the kids. \"You little brats! What did you do?!\" She screamed. Before she could reach for Drake, she started to turn into dust and fades away in the dusty air. Melissa let out a sigh of relief. Drake turned to her. \"How do you know that's going to happen?\" \"Gotta find a way for her to leave. For good.\" Melissa told him with a shrug. Then, they hear something from the other side of the house. Sounds like a crash. The two siblings rushed out of the dining room to get to the foyer. They run pass the ghost kids, and see the living room. There is a cuckoo clock next to the tv. They don't have that clock. More noises is heard, and it came from behind the door that leads to the laundry room. Whatever's done there, it sounds dangerous.[Chapter 4] *Chapter 4: Say Cheese and Die!* Drake opened the door to see the laundry room, and hear the dryer run. Melissa followed her brother and look around for the noise besides the dryer. A pile of clothes started to move on the floor. Melissa slowly walked towards the pile, and let out a scream when a head of a dummy pops out. Drake turned around to see the head of the dummy with messy brown hair. \"A doll is alive!\" Melissa cried out. \"Uh, I'm not a doll. I'm a dummy. I'm Dennis.\" The dummy spoke. He got out of the pile of clothes. \"I saw you two in the woods being attacked by the plant man from the book.\" Melissa and Drake look at each other in confusion. Melissa looked back down at the dummy who brushes his sweater with his hands. \"What're you talking about?\" She asked. \"You know what's happening here?\" Dennis looks up at her. \"What is happening around us is that we got free from our own books.\" He said. \"I'm from the book called Night of the Living Dummy II , because no way there's going to be a second Slappy.\" \"Huh?\" Drake wondered, kneeling down to get to Dennis's high level. \"Are you talking about the Goosebumps books? And...you guys are real?!\" Dennis nodded. \"Kind of. But, we are made of ink and paper.\" Dennis explained. \"We can't be destroyed in the real world. We're his creations.\" \"' His '?\" Melissa asked. \"You mean...R.L. Stine. The writer who wrote Fear Street and Goosebumps.\" Drake said. Dennis nodded. \"Wait, since you're from the second Slappy book, where is Slappy? Did he get out of his own book?\" Dennis slowly nodded at him, not saying a word. He looks nervous. \"He's only a dummy. How bad can he really be in the real world?\" Melissa asked with a smirk. \"He's obsessed about slavery.\" \"Don't call him a dummy when you see him. You have no idea how capable he is now...\" Dennis said, shivering a little. \"That is why he needs to be stopped.\" The siblings are silent for a moment. They don't know what to do to stop the evil dummy of the book series. They read Goosebumps, but not all of them. All they do know is that Slappy is the most evil of all monsters that R.L. Stine has created years ago. Monsters are roaming around town, and most of them sound dangerous. But Dennis is the friendly one since he's the dummy in the second Slappy book. He could help them with all this madness and somehow contact the author. \"Since you are on our side, you can help us out.\" Drake told the innocent dummy. Dennis smiled at him. \"Do you know how to defeat most monsters?\" \"Almost all of them.\" Dennis replied. \"The rest of the monsters could be anywhere in this town. Wish I knew where Slappy is.\" \"We'll worry about that creep later for now. We have some troubles in this creepy version of our house right now.\" Melissa said. \"We have two troubled ghost kids in the foyer, and we don't know what else is in store for us.\" And she is right, they have some things to do in this house for now and they need some stuff to bring to defend themselves from the monsters. Drake walked down to the basement and found some tools and the rest of his father's things. Two flashlights are on the work desk, so Drake had to take them for him and his sister. He grabbed a hammer and a baseball bat. But he found a cassette player along with the cassette and headphones. He smiled to himself, thinking back of the ghost boy wanting to hear a song. That's one problem solved. XX Melissa brought Dennis up to her room to empty her backpack so Dennis could be inside to join her and her brother to help them out. Dennis is in the backpack comfortable, but his head is out, hands gripping on the backpack. \"So, when was the first time you came out of your book to see the world?\" Melissa asked, putting on her purple headband. \"After dad finished the book, and let me out.\" Dennis said quietly. \"I...don't want to talk about it.\" Melissa wanted to know about his story, but she didn't want to force him to talk. It could be a tragic story. It may have something to do with Slappy. \"Okay.\" Melissa told the dummy. They both left her bedroom to find Drake. XX Melissa walked down the stairs and notice that there's a ghost girl who is alone below the stairs, and Drake was nowhere to be seen. The girl only glared at Melissa and Dennis. Where did the ghost boy go? Melissa walked in the living room and found Drake looking at the cuckoo clock. He is using a screwdriver to take off one of the years. \"Drake, what're you doing?\" Melissa asked. The year, 1988 , is removed. Suddenly, a shriek is heard throughout the house, and it fades out. Everything is silence now. Melissa rushed out of the living room and see the ghost girl is gone. Disappeared. \"Did you say she was born on a leap year?\" Dennis asked. \"And did you say that the boy only wanted to hear some music?\" Melissa nodded at him. Maybe Drake gave the boy something to listen to the song, and he took one of the years off of the grandfather clock. Drake is a smart teen. Smarter than their older brother. Melissa and Dennis joined Drake in the living room once more. Before one of them could speak, the tv turned itself on! A black and white screen shows a ventriloquist dummy. Dennis shook a little in the backpack, hiding himself away from the tv. \"What the-?\" Melissa cried out. The dummy began to speak. \"Attention Town Centre Galleria customers! The mall will be closing today.\" The dummy spoke in a shrill voice. \"We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. My friends and I have big plans for tomorrow, though! So definitely stop by!\" He cackled. \"And if our 'special guest' is listening, -he knows who he is- we have a message: You can't ignore us forever! Your fate's already been written! So let's just flip to the last page! Hahahahahahaha!\" The tv shuts itself off abruptly, leaving the room silence once more. Two kids looked at each other while Dennis poke his head out of the backpack. \"Was that Slappy?\" Drake asked. \"Yes.\" Dennis replied. \"Well, least we know where he is now.\" Melissa said. \"Drake, you got something for me to have for this weird day?\" Drake hands her the flashlight, a baseball bat... \"Hey, what's that?\" Melissa pointed at the camera by the tv. She picked it up to examine it. \"It's a camera. And it has film.\" \"Not ours, I'll tell you that.\" Drake said. \"Be careful with that camera, guys.\" Dennis said. \"It came from one of the books.\" Melissa gave the camera to her brother who will hold on to it. Dennis told them it could predict the future, but a bad one. The camera could be useful. \"And check out what I found!\" Drake said, taking out something from his backpack. A green, ugly, and terrifying looking mask. Melissa and Dennis let out a gasp at the sight of it. The teeth is sharp, and the eyes are yellow. \"Cool, huh? It's the Haunted Mask! That's one of my favorites!\" Drake exclaimed happily. \"I'm so gonna try this on-\" \"Don't put it on, Drake!\" Dennis pleaded, holding his hand out. \"That mask is dangerous! Once you put it on, it'll never come off! You should know that part from its book!\" \"But Carly Beth took the mask off twice in the book, didn't she?\" Drake asked. \"Hey, is she out of that book or is it just the mask?\" \"Please, don't put the mask on. I beg you.\" Dennis begged. \"I'd listen to him, Drake.\" Melissa said. Drake rolled his eyes and put the mask away. \"Let's just-\" A loud rumbling sound is heard from upstairs. \"What was that?\" Melissa asked, looking at the ceiling with caution. \"Only one way to find out.\" Drake told her, run pass her to get upstairs. Melissa follows her brother while Dennis remains in the backpack. He had a very bad feeling of what was waiting upstairs. The kids walked in the empty room, but it is filled with green goo. Dennis peeked out and gasped at the sight. The green slimy stuff is no other than Monster Blood. He told the kids to shut the door and lock it. Drake locked the door and hear rumbling noises from the room. The Monster Blood pours below the doorway. \"Find something to stop it with!\" Melissa said. Drake ran into his room and grabbed some towels and block the bottom to keep the Monster Blood from coming out. \"How do we stop the Monster Blood? What's the weakness?!\" Drake asked, pushing the towels in. \"We let it be and get out of its sight!\" Dennis replied. \"We have to get out of Dead House now!\" So the kids waste no time but to rush downstairs, but stopped when the front opens. An 18 year old boy with brown hair, wearing a red jacket, jeans, and converse, coming in the house. \"Chad!\" Melissa cried out in relief. \"Are you okay?\" The older brother looked at her and Drake in confusion. \"Yeah...why? You see some crazy stuff going on or what?\" He asked. \"There are the Goosebumps monsters in town! The monsters from the books come to life!\" Drake exclaimed. \"We know where Slappy is! So, you need to take us to-\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, little bro.\" Chad said, raising his hands up. \"What're you talking about? What monsters?\" \"It's a long story. Look, we need you to take us to the mall!\" Melissa told him. \"Slappy needs to be stopped. He's planning to take over the town.\" Chad stared at his siblings in silent. He places his hands in his jacket pockets. The look on his face seems to show that he didn't believe the story or what was happening today. Melissa sighed and look back at her backpack. \"Look. Here's Dennis from one of the books.\" She said. The dummy peek his head out the backpack and see Chad. \"Uh...hello.\" He greeted. Chad's eyes grew wide in shock. \"Whoa, what the-\" \"See?\" Drake asked with a smirk. \"Now you believe us?\" Chad doesn't know what to say. Melissa place her hands on her hips. \"Now, will you take us to the mall?\" She asked. Chad nodded and walk out of the house. Drake and Melissa followed him. They locked the house, never wanting to back there again until it's back to normal. The kids wasted no time but to jump in Chad's car to head over to the mall where Slappy is at, waiting...[Chapter 5] *Chapter 5: Beast from the East* Things didn't get crazy as Chad is driving his siblings to the mall. No monsters around. They could be lurking elsewhere than being in the streets. Like in the woods, or terrorizing the neighborhood. But Melissa and Drake knew the rest of the monsters are in the mall where Slappy is hiding. Chad parked the car in the empty garage of the mall, and see no cars around. The monsters did scare off the shoppers. Melissa and Drake got out of the car with Dennis who remains inside the backpack. Chad remains by his car, thinking it's not a good idea to go inside. \"Chad, you're coming with us!\" Drake told him with a look. \"We need your help!\" \"Uh, this is your mission. Not mine.\" Chad said. \"Still, I'll be here in case you guys decide to chicken out.\" Melissa shook her head at him. The kids and the dummy left Chad and see the doors of the mall. But, the doors are locked. Dennis peeked out to see a robot inside the mall, talking on the phone with someone. The kids remain silent when the robot spoke in a booming voice. \" Yes sir. Nobody's getting in without the security card.\" A robot said to the phone. Drake and Melissa hear silence for a moment before the robot spoke again. \"No, of course not. I gave it to the Beast from the East for safe keeping. No human will have guts to face him.\" \"The Beast from the East?\" Drake asked, facing Dennis. \"One of the monsters from the books.\" The dummy replied. \"You have to be in a very high level to overpower it.\" \"High level?\" Melissa wondered. They hear the robot speak again. \"No sir. My cover is intact. Nobody knows who I really am. Yes, I'll keep things quiet until 'he' arrives. Do not worry, Mr. Slappy.\" The security robot hung up the phone and left out of sight. The kids peeked through the doors to see the mall empty and it's a wreck. The monsters could be lurking the shadows of the mall. \"We have to get inside.\" Melissa said to her brother. \"Well, we can't break the doors. The alarms will go off and that robot dude will kill us!\" Drake told her. \"He's right. We have to get the security card from the Beast. We must find it.\" Dennis said. Drake bit his lip, placing his hands in his pockets, looking over at his sister. Melissa faced him and the dummy. Both eyes are on her as if she is expecting to do something, but Melissa figured it out. \"Me? Why do I have to go look for the Beast? I don't know how to defeat that thing!\" She said. Drake got out the Haunted Mask from his backpack, and hand it over to Melissa. \"Maybe this thing will help.\" He said. \"The Beast won't know the difference. Will it?\" Dennis only shrugged. Melissa took the green hideous mask and look at Dennis nervously. \"But, the mask can never come off. Right?\" She reminded the dummy. Dennis patted her leg. \"Don't let it consume you. Try your best to remove it once the Beast is no match against you.\" He said. Melissa let out a sigh. She really didn't want to face the Beast from the East alone, but she needs the security card to get inside the mall to stop Slappy. Drake and Dennis wished her luck and told her to be very careful. Melissa went to the parking garage to have Chad to take her to the woods where the Beast should be lurking about. Melissa arrived in the woods with the Haunted Mask in her hands, looking for the Beast. No way she could miss it. She wouldn't dare to call out for it. The Beast sounds very dangerous. As she is walking through the woods, she can see something ahead of her. There is a big tree, and there is dirt under it, but it looks soft and easy to dig. Before she could approach the tree, a blue hairy creature jumped down, startling Melissa. It's the Beast from the East. It's gotta be. The blue creature raises his hand that has sharp claws, ready to strike Melissa. The teen shuts her eyes, preparing for the worst. The hand roughly smacked on her shoulder. \"You're it!\" The Beast spoke. Melissa opened her eyes, facing the creature. \"Huh?\" \"You're it! You're it!\" The Beast said again. \"I excited to play game! Can't wait. So hungry.\" Melissa blinked at the Beast. What game? She gathered the courage to speak to the Beast. She tried her best not to stutter. \"You...think we're playing a game?\" \"Not think. Know!\" The Beast said with a toothy grin. Melissa gulped at his teeth. So sharp. She doesn't want to be the creature's dinner. \"You're it!\" The Beast chanted. \"What does...'It' do?\" Melissa asked. \"That part of game, course.\" \"So...do I chase you?\" \"Hur hur hur...\" The Beast laughs. That gave Melissa chills. \"Maybe I give hint. This tree is hidden prize space.\" He told her. \"You get many points. Level up. Then maybe strong enough to win.\" Melissa began to think before making a move. She looks down at the Haunted Mask. It's a risky move to put it on, but it's worth a try. The Beast licks his lips hungrily at her. Melissa knew she must play his game fast before she is dinner. After taking a deep breath, she placed the mask over her head and face the Beast who watched in interest but confusion. The mask is fitting her face, and it feel so warm. Something's not right. Melissa is having a hard time breathing through the mask. Using both hands to yank the mask off her, she gasped for air. The Beast backed down a little. \"Whoa...\" Melissa gasped, looking down at the Haunted Mask. \"Good thing I got it off before it's stuck on me like Carly Beth.\" \"Impressive loot.\" The Beast spoke. \"Me not realize you such high level.\" The creature backed away nervously, but gave the teen a toothy grin. \"Maybe we play again someday.\" Then, the Beast from the East took off. Melissa puts away the Haunted Mask in her backpack and look down at the soft dirt under the tree. She uses her hands to dig up the dirt and found something white. She pulled it out and wipe the dirt away and see it's a security card for the mall. Melissa grinned in triumph. \"Guess I'm the Beast from the East now.\" Drake is pacing in front of the doors, worrying about Melissa now. Dennis sat down, waiting for Melissa to return with the card, yet he is worried about her. She's been gone for 15 minutes now. Something must've happened to her. Did the Beast eat her? Or did the Haunted Mask took over her? Thoughts are broken when Drake and Dennis hear a car from the parking garage. They then see Melissa running up to them, holding a security card with a smile on her face. Dennis ran up to her with Drake. \"You're alive! Did the mask work?\" Drake asked. \"Sure did.\" Melissa replied. She gave her brother the card. Dennis went inside the backpack of Melissa's before she could follow her brother up to the doors. Drake pass the card over to the reader. It made a subtle beep, and the doors slide open. \"Be on the lookout for Officer Murphy. That robot is no joke.\" Dennis warned the teens before they head inside. Drake and Melissa looked at each other nervously, but they can't let anything stop them. Slappy has to be stopped. They walk inside the mall, and let the doors slide close behind them. ","Summary":" *Chapter 1: From Normal to Horror* \"This guy creeps me out. We better get a big tip.\" A skinny mo"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Jesse Everlasting","Author":"Ginny Lair","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7555193","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jesse Tuck took one last look at the grave of Winifred Foster Jackson. He could not believe Winnie had died. He said he would come back for her, did she not believe him? Winnie had been the only thing he wanted for the past eighty-nine years, and now that he had finally returned for her, she could not run away with him. Jesse was ready to cry, shrivel up, and die so he could lay next to Winnie's grave. But he couldn't, seeing as he couldn't ever die. His pain began to eat him alive. She had also gotten married and started a family-without him? He thought she loved him, was it all just a plot to get the tuck family out of her life for good? He was about to go home when he heard a woman shout, \"Miss Foster! Miss Foster! Good gracious where has that girl gone?\" Foster? Winnie? He looked around; they still hadn't cut down the forest. He watched a slim teenage girl, about fifteen or sixteen, with her light brown hair straightened and down, run from the forest laughing. She looked almost identical to Winnie Foster, except that her hair was a bit lighter and her eyes were blue-green. \"Mrs. Foster! Where have you been?\" the lady cried and ran past Jesse to see the teenage girl. \"Nowhere.\" The girl lied, probably hiding a mischievous grin somewhere, as Winnie used to. \"Well you have an hour until the luncheon, and your grandmother will skin me alive it you aren't there in forty minutes.\" The middle aged woman put a hand on the girl's shoulder and began to lead her to the gate. The girl stared at Jesse as she began to walk past him. 'Who are you?\" she asked, and the middle aged woman acknowledged Jesse for the first time. \"Jesse. Jesse Tuck, I was an old friend of Winifred Jackson.\" The girl's eyes widened by the sound of Jesse Tuck, but she kept her voice calm as she said, \"Oh.\" \"And you are?\" Jesse asked. \"Jesseca, Winnie's dau-I mean, great great granddaughter.\" She replied. \"Did you just move here?\" \"Yeah, from Georgia.\" The middle aged lady raised an eyebrow, but sweetly offered for Jesse to come in for a drink, which he accepted. The house looked like it hadn't changed much, except for a few hi-tech gears. The woman, who was apparently named Martha and was the housekeeper, brought him into the main hall. He watched Jesseca race upstairs and Martha shout at her, \"Your dress is on the bed!\" \"Okay!\" she cried from the upstairs. Jesse sat down in the sitting room and looked around while he drank his drink. Pictures of the Foster family from over the years decorated the room. One showed Winnie about fifteen holding a newborn. Another had Winnie in her early twenties and a little girl sticking out their tongues. Winnie's wedding picture, Richard Jackson holding her hand and the little girl hugging her dress. Winnie and Richard holding a newborn, Winnie, Richard, the little girl, and a toddler in a family photo, Winnie with a baby girl, another family photo with all three kids, the kids growing up, and a grave saying, Christopher Richard Jackson, loving son and brother. 1919-1929. The next ones showed the young girls, then just the youngest growing up, her family, her daughter's family, and her daughter's family, including a girl who looked similar to Winnie's oldest. The rest were of Jesseca. Jesse noticed Winnie looked happiest with the oldest girl in the pictures, and that when she stood next to Richard she was faking a smile. He also noticed how similar Winnie's oldest daughter and Jesseca looked, how the room looked exactly how Winnie used to describe it, and how the grandfather clock said 5:20…. 5:20? He was late! Jesse returned his glass to Martha and thanked her, but that he needed to go. Martha nodded and showed him to the door. He thanked her again then walked to his motorcycle. He looked up. Jesseca had Winnie's old bedroom. Jesseca was kicking off her boots and humming a very familiar tune very loudly. She took off her jacket and shut the window and closed the curtains. Jesse noticed something off about her; he just didn't know what it was. He started the bike and drove off, off towards the café. The Steaming Café was never that packed, in fact, after noon it was almost empty. Four men were in there besides the employees. Two were construction men, one was a police officer, and the other was Miles Tuck. Miles recognized Jesse's bike immediately and stood up as Jesse parked the motorcycle and walked through the café's door. \"Jesse-\" Miles started before his brother cut him off, \"Look Miles, I'm sorry, I went to the Fosters' home and...\" \"I'm so sorry Jess.\" Miles was a friend of Winnie's as well, and thought of her as a little sister. Jesse took a step back. \"Wait, you knew?\" \"We thought we could surprise you, by bringing her to you, so we sopped by the house and saw...\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Jesse asked. \"We couldn't, we knew you loved her, and we knew you would be heartbroken…\" Miles began, and saw that Jesse's eyes were swimming with tears. \"So you wanted me to see it to believe it? Good plan Miles.\" Jesse was angry, sad, and annoyed all at once. Miles slowly shook his head. \"Look, she was important to all of us too. And-\" \"Let's go.\" Jesse turned around. \"Jesse I-\" \"I said let's go.\" And with that, Jesse Tuck was out the door. Miles quickly paid for his coffee and got in his car to leave, following Jesse's motorcycle to a small house on the edge of town. Jesse parked the bike and stormed off into the house. Mae walked past Jesse, and then turned to Miles. \"What happened?\" She asked. \"He went to the Fosters'.\" Miles whispered. \"Oh dear.\" Mae said, and then raced inside. Now you know what it feels like. Miles thought to himself. Upstairs, Jesse was in his bedroom, repeatedly throwing a baseball up in the air and catching it, a habit he developed about ten yeas ago when he needed to think. Mae knocked on the door. \"May I come in?\" she asked Without looking to her, he nodded. \"Jesse, I know it's hard learning Miss Foster died, but she did it because she wasn't afraid of the life unlived, not because she didn't love you.\" May whispered and she sat on the bed. \"Then why did she go off and get married?\" Jesse asked. May sighed and got up. Unsure how to respond, she sweetly said, \"You should talk to your father when he gets home.\" And left, quietly shutting the door behind her. That's when Jesse finally cried.[Chapter 2] It had been a week since he had stopped speaking to his family. Jesse had broken down in his bedroom, and was sniffling in his room when Angus slowly allowed himself to enter the room. Mae had been quick to explain the situation to Angus, suggesting to him that it was time to tell Jesse the truth. His younger son looked at him with a tear-stained face. \"She didn't drink, Pop.\" His eyes began to water. \"She didn't go to the spring. She was supposed to go to the spring and drink so she could wait for me. We were supposed to be together forever!\" Angus sighed and sat beside him on the bed. \"Winnie was never going to drink that water.\" \"Wha—\" \"When we left Treegap, she was destined to grow old and live out her life. It had to happen, son.\" He then proceeded to tell him the story of the conversation he had with Winifred Foster all those years ago on that boat, telling her about the circle of life, and how she should age and not be afraid of death. He confided to Jesse that Winnie probably took that to heart, and after a hundred long years of living, had died. When the boys had separated in the nineties, he and Mae had decided to drive up to Winnie's old home and check in on them. The day they had driven there had just so happened to be Winnie's funeral. They had been just a few days too late. She had died three days before, deaf and nearly blind, from natural causes at the ripe old age of one hundred. The yard was filled with family and townspeople, where they even saw Miles, who had arrived the day before. The had decided to join the service and pay their respects. Mae had cried. She had already accepted Winnie to most likely be dead, but still had secretly clung to a smidge of hope that she was still alive, either forever or for now, so she could see her again. Learning that just a few days before she would have been able to see her breathing, had broken her heart. The kin of Winnie sat on a long bench, many of whom were sobbing. The oldest, a woman, was in a wheelchair , holding onto the elderly woman's hand who sat beside her. Neither of them were crying, but showed deep sadness. A younger woman clutched a man, presumably her husband, sobbing her eyes out. Two toddler boys swung their legs, crying most likely because their mother was. At the very end of the bench was a much younger lady, maybe about fifteen at most, sat a bit isolated physically from the rest of the family. Her posture was excellent, her chin pointed out in the direction of the coffin. Her hands rested in her lap, folded flat. A dark veil had covered most of her face, and Angus could not tell if she was crying or not. Once the procession ended, she was first to go back into the house. The Tucks didn't stay for the after service, and went straight to a cafe afterward. Jesse looked at him. \"You...you told her to leave me behind?!\" \"You are missing the point.\" \"She was supposed to marry me! We were supposed to go on adventures together forever!\" Angus eyed his son. \"You are being selfish. She didn't deserve what we have. We don't live, we drift from place to place. Winifred deserved to marry someone to get old with.\" Before Jesse could yell out an angry response, the sound of Miles's voice cut through the air. \"What was your grand plan, Jess? To marry her? What after that? Run place to place, never settling down? And if you were to have kids, what would you do? Settle down and risk being caught? Or perhaps make them drink too, eventually. Forcing them to live like us?\" \"Shut up. Shut up shut up SHUT UP!\" Jesse yelled as he stormed out of the house. Since then, the house was filled with tension and an awkwardness followed them everywhere. Mae, feeling apologetic, tried to up her kindness, but Jesse was not having it. He avoided being home as much as he could, and began to spend his days driving around town, looking around shops. He'd occasionally drive out to see the Foster House, but Jesseca and her family were not in the yard. It was at a shop that he saw Jesseca Foster again. She was wearing a grey dress with black ballet flats, looking as if to not get noticed. She made sure someone knew she had been noticed, that's for sure. Her brown hair was braided down her back, soft curls bouncing at the end. She looked almost childlike, though her dress showed her physical age. Her eyes however, gave her the look of a broken porcelain doll. In a way it scared Jesse, how her eyes made her seem so much older than her appearance, as if she had seen too much. \"Mr. Tuck,\" she greeted, eyeing him. \"Miss Foster,\" though he remembered how her housekeeper had called her earlier. \"Or Missus?\" Jesseca rolled her eyes. \"Miss. I am too young to marry. Martha, like many of that generation, fail to utilize proper grammar while growing up.\" She covered her mouth. \"You sound a bit old and snobby. \" Jesse, if not rudely, pointed out. \"I'm sorry. I don't get out of the house much.\" She scanned around the aisles. \"So what brings you to the candy shop?\" \"I feel like something sweet. You?\" She shrugged. \"My mother used to bring me here when I was younger. Again, I don't get out of the house much, so I like to revisit places I know when I do. Though, last time I was here they made their own candy.\" \"Jesseca, we need to go!\" Called a young boy, maybe six, from the edge of the store. Jesse smiled. \"Your brother?\" Jesseca gave him a small smile. \"Sure.\" With that she began to leave, whistling a familiar tune. The tune of Mae's music box. \"What is that?\" Jesse asked, shocked at how she would know it. \"My mother used to whistle it to me when I was little to put me to sleep, a tradition passed down from my great-great-grandmother. She taught it to her children, who taught it to their children, and so forth. \" With that, Jesseca left the shop. Jesse left also, taking another few laps around the entire town before returning to the woods. He traveled on foot, not wanting his bike to taint the sacred ground he felt the woods had. It wasn't tainted by modern-day inventions, and he intended to have it stay as such. He made his way to the spring, planning on getting a quick drink before heading home. Too bad someone was already occupying it. He quickly darted behind a bush. He saw a grey top and capris, a familiar brown braid down the girl's back... \"Hey!\" He jumped out from behind the bush. \"Don't drink that!\" Jesseca leaped up and stared at him, wide-eyed. He ran up and yanked her away. \"That water is poisoned! Please tell me you didn't take a sip of that!\" Jesseca initially shook her head. He sighed. \"I'm takin' you home.\" He began to drag her by the wrist, but she yanked him back. \"Stop!\" He obeyed, and turned to face him. \"I drank it,\" she said, a bit upset. \"And I've had it before.\" He stared at her. No words could escape his mouth for several minutes. \"Who else knows?\" Jesseca didn't respond. \"Who else knows about the spring? Who else has drinken from it?!\" \"No one! I'm the only one!\" It took twenty minutes to reach the house by foot. Jesseca, to Jesse, looked absolutely terrified. It reminded him of his first encounter with a Foster at the spring. Unlike Winifred, Jesseca didn't yell or beg, or squirm. She quietly allowed herself to be forced into the Tuck home, and be showed to the entire family. Jesse was frantically shouting to the three others, who all stared at her. In attempt to calm Jesse, Mae Tuck had taken to asking her questions. Miles joined in, shouting, as did Angus. They all wanted answers. How she learned of the spring. When she first drank. Who knew. Jesseca sank in her seat, taking in all the pressure at once. Jesse had now joined in the yelling match. He watched Jesseca grab the edges of her chair, holding in a scream. After five minutes, she finally blew her head off, letting her secret known to the world. \"WINNIE TOLD ME! SHE TOLD ME EVERYTHING! SHE MADE ME DRINK! WINNIE TOLD ME EVERYTHING!\" Suddenly, the room fell into a deep silence. All four Tucks simply stared at her in bewilderment. Everyone was afraid to speak, still in shock. Jesse was the only one brave enough to speak. A knot welled up in his throat, tears welling in his eyes. \"Wha—why would she do that?\" At that moment, her eyes began to water too. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, before quietly saying through a strained voice: \"Because I'm her daughter.\"[Chapter 3] \"As you may know, my mother had gone through an eventful summer when she was fifteen. My grandparents had taken it upon themselves to travel the world with her. She went to South America, Africa, Europe, and even Asia. When she was in Europe though, she had learned she was pregnant and was in no position to travel. She was in England at the time, but had returned to France, where she had made her first stop, and lived there until after my birth. \"When she had returned home, the talk of the town was Winnie Foster's bizarre adventures while in France. She had met a young American traveler and had fallen in love while in Paris—the city of love. The two had been so smitten, they decided to get married shortly after meeting. They arranged a small wedding ceremony on Eiffel Tower, to which they had climbed all 1652 stairs to the top. After the wedding, they planned to finish traveling the world as part of the honeymoon. Sadly though, shortly after the wedding, he mysteriously went missing, only for him to be found dead days later. Unable to contain her grief, the Fosters left France. It was soon after she learned about me. \"Upon her return to Treegap, the newly appointed deputy, Richard (first name Hugo) Jackson had developed a crush on her. She had openly resisted his courtship for years, but eventually gave in. I was three when they got married. He was a nice man, and while I initially believe my mother didn't love him the way a wife should when they first wed, she grew to love him as such. Their son, my brother, Chris, came almost the next year. Two years later my sister, Sarah Mae. He tried to make sure I didn't feel left out, or that he was favoring his kids over me. He was nice for doing that. Ma seemed to appreciate it, at least. We all lived in that big house, but unlike my mother's upbringing, we were free to play wherever we pleased, other than the wood. She always kept a watchful eye on us while we plated, always afraid of one of us wandering off into trouble. She would let us play every day, and every night she would lay us in bed and hum a tune to put us to sleep with. She had told us the story of The Everlasting Tucks, the family that would never grow old. She had given it to us a bedtime story, along with the fairy tales and the Hans Christen Anderson tales. We believed it all to be fiction. The spring, the man in the yellow suit, you all. We even played pretend as The Everlasting Tucks. I would be Miles, Christopher playing Angus or Jesse, and Sarah Mae always as her namesake. We got our parents to play Winnie and the man in the yellow suit. We were happy.\" Jesseca's eyes filled with tears, staring off into space. \"When I was fifteen, my little brother fell with a strong illness. Every doctor in town tried to treat him, but nothing healed him. I stayed with the him the entire time. Ma was caught in a bedroom whispering to herself about water, going into fits. At the end, the doctors had no cure, and my mother prayed for a miracle to come of its own.\" Her voice broke at the next slew of works. \"He was just ten years old. Ten. I remember waking up beside him that morning, and...\" She closed her eyes tightly, fighting of crying. \"He was already gone when I tried to wake him up.\" She allowed herself a few minutes to take a few deep breaths before continuing. \"Ma lost it. She had to be forcibly removed from him when they had to take him away. She barely had time to grieve and accept his passing. I had caught the illness from him. The day of his funeral I was where he had been just a few days before, bedridden, with all the doctors saying treatments were failing. I was dying too. I remember going in and out of hazes, crying knowing I was going to be taken victim by the sickness too. \"Then, a miracle hit. I miraculously was cured overnight. The doctors were baffled. My family had never been so happy to see me alive. My ma cried and held me for the longest time. After that she began to distance herself from me. She wouldn't look at me. In the middle of the night a week later, she broke down in front of me, saying she had made the biggest mistake of her life. At the time, I thought she meant my birth, not knowing she meant helping me live. We eventually started to notice when my baby sister, who I was seven years older than, began to be mistaken as my twin. Then her as the older sister. I was going to school and looked juvenile. Richard began pressing for answers to why I wasn't getting any older or shifting at all in weight. Eventually Ma broke down and told us all the truth. She had taken water from the mythical spring and had snuck it into my drink while she was nursing me. She said she regretted doing it immediately, knowing I would never age or die. She spent the rest of her life trying to make it up to me. \"Being fifteen all the time grew difficult. I was forbidden to date. I didn't know she had made that rule to protect me from my own heartbreak, and so when I was allowed to move in with my sister when she was twenty, I fell in love with a boy my own age. The oldest I could say I was was eighteen, and we dated for a long time in secret. Not even my sister knew. Then one day, I came home to Sarah Mae kissing him. She didn't know I had dated him, so when he asked her out on a date, she didn't think anything of it. He said he wanted someone closer to his age. Realizing my mother was right, I moved back in with her. Once they all got older, they would have me come in and out of town, splitting my time between her and Sarah Mae. Once Ma got older, we said I was her granddaughter. Then once Sarah Mae's children had grown, her granddaughter. Then eventually Sarah Mae's youngest, Henrietta, became my fake grandmother. The whole family knew of my secret, and so I would split my time living with all of them for years at a time. About four years ago I moved back in with my mother and Sarah Mae. Henrietta was living there too, watching over them. Ma was growing deaf and slightly senile, Sarah Mae trying to fight off cancer. Ma began talking about The Everlasting Tucks again, like a bedtime story. At rare times she'd call Christopher down for supper, or Richard, to realize both were long dead. She began to become afraid, knowing her old age was getting to her. She told me that she had been holding out for the Tuck family since I was born, hoping to reunite with them before she died. She knew her time was growing shorter, and asked me to continue the legacy, calling them family. She said I would be protected by them since we shared the same secret. She spilled every secret to me that night. Every single hidden detail. She gave me her diaries, in case she felt that she had gotten something wrong.\" Tears had begun to flow. Jesseca wiped at her face with the back of her hand. \"I found her dead the next morning. Sarah Mae succumbed to her illness and died two months afterward. Laurel, Henrietta's only child, and her family, moved into the home with us shortly after. Her husband's last name was Foster, no relation to my mother's family, so it was a perfect fit. The story we told was that I was orphaned when I was fourteen, and that I had been sent to live with my grandmother, Henrietta. The Fosters then 'adopted' me. Once Henrietta becomes too old, Laurel is expected to take the reign. Then her daughter, Maureen. Though I was hoping to find you all now that Ma is gone and there is no one else who knows you who is still alive today. My mother was desperate to find you all, to introduce us and tell you my predicament. Trying to find a solution. She said I needed to be with my family. To be looked after once she was gone.\" Miles shook his head. \"What do you mean, you needed to be with your family? To be looked after?\" \"That night, she finally told me the truth about my parentage. How she had gotten pregnant before going to Paris. How the wedding was fake. Her first husband is fake. Haven't you all caught on?\" She looked at Jesse, who seemed horrified. \"My father is Jesse Tuck.\" ","Summary":" Jesse Tuck took one last look at the grave of Winifred Foster Jackson. He could not believe Winnie "},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"You could be my it girl","Author":"TayFCS","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13080347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N/A: Pitch Perfect e as músicas não me pertencem. Essa história foi criada apenas como forma de entretenimento. blá-blá-blá. Vocês já podem ter visto ela no Ao3, ela foi postada originalmente lá. Falo com vocês no final. Se é que vocês vão chegar até o final disso aqui. Ok? Ok. Ps.: Musicas usadas na primeira parte: Curious e Wanna be Missed – Hayley Kiyoko / Musicas usadas na segunda parte: Let Me Go - Hailee Steinfeld e It Girl - Jason Derulo PARTE I Faziam 3 anos que Beca havia sido descoberta pelo DJ Khaled. Faziam 3 anos que Beca havia mudado de vida. Ela saiu em turnê. Mudou-se de Nova York para Los Angeles. Se tornou uma artista e produtora conhecida no mundo todo. Ela até havia ganhado alguns (muitos) prêmios nesses anos e fizera seu nome na indústria musical, mas isso não foi só uma vitória, teve seu custo e no fundo a morena achava que o preço pela fama foi alto demais. Ela havia perdido o que mais amava. Se afastou de sua família, justamente o que foi seu maior medo quando ficou sabendo que tinha sido escolhida pelo Dj Khaled. Mas principalmente, Beca tinha se afastado da ruiva que ela tanto amava. Deus! Ela só entrou para as Bellas por causa da Chloe, assim como só se mudou para Nova York por causa da sua melhor amiga. Até mesmo a turnê do USO, que mudou sua vida, só aconteceu por causa de seu amor por Chloe Beale. Porém Beca nunca havia tido coragem de dizer isso. E agora? Agora era tarde demais. Agora ela estava ali, em sua casa. Bebendo seu whiskey e olhando as redes sociais de sua antiga melhor amiga. Chloe continuava tão linda quanto era 10 anos atrás quando se conheceram, mas agora ao invés de Beca estar ao seu lado nas fotos, estava Chicago. Beca odiara o militar desde a primeira vez que pôs os olhos nele. Não que ela fosse admitir isso. Com um ultimo gole ela terminou o conteúdo de seu copo e olhou para a foto que a ruiva havia postado há apenas alguns dias. Era uma foto no píer de Santa Monica sendo abraçada pelo namorado. Ela estava tão perto e ao mesmo tempo tão longe. Elas não terminaram da melhor maneira possível, Beca ainda se lembrava de cada palavra dita e não se orgulhava delas. Flashback - Isso é sério? – a morena perguntou enquanto levantava da cama que dividira com sua melhor amiga desde que se mudaram para Nova York. - Como assim, Beca? Eu acabei de te falar que estou namorando e isso é TUDO o que você tem para me dizer? – disse a ruiva enquanto se virava para encarar a pequena morena. - O que você quer que eu diga, Chloe? - Eu não sei, Beca. Talvez me dar os parabéns? Me apoiar? Você é minha melhor amiga, porra! – Chloe disse em um tom mais elevado enquanto passava as mãos nervosamente pelos cabelos. - Sério? Eu sou sua amiga? Só sua amiga? – Disse Beca enquanto fechava os olhos e tentava não fugir como sempre fazia. – QUE PORRA, cara...? Você não dizia isso quando eu te tocava, quando você dizia que me queria... Quer saber? Eu tenho mesmo que ir embora, depois eu peço pra Amy mandar minhas merdas pra mim. Eu não posso continuar aqui. Foda-se. Fim do Flashback Claro que Chloe tentou falar com ela, muitas vezes durante os primeiros meses, assim como todas as outras Bellas, mas um dia Beca se cansou e pediu pro Theo arrumar um novo número para ela. Agora ela estava ali, bancando a stalker e seguindo de longe aquela que foi o grande amor de sua vida. Com um suspiro ela soltou seu celular e se levantou, talvez fosse hora de parar com a auto-depreciação e agir ou talvez fosse tarde demais, porém a morena sentia que precisava mostrar pela ultima vez o que isso tudo significou para ela. Ela tinha um plano. Era audacioso e muito arriscado, mas um plano e se tudo desse certo ela poderia executá-lo em dois meses na sua apresentação no Grammy. Tudo que a pequena mulher podia fazer era rezar para que Chloe ainda assistisse a premiação como fazia antigamente. Mas só por garantia ela precisaria da ajuda de sua família e para isso ela teria que em primeiro lugar se desculpar com todas. Dois meses depois, casa da Chloe, Nova York, dia do Grammy. - Me diz de novo, por que você quis reunir todas as Bellas para assistir isso, Bree? – Chloe disse de maneira irritada enquanto se jogava no sofá ao lado Jéssica e pegava alguns dos petiscos na tigela que sua amiga segurava. - Porque curiosamente todas nós estávamos em Nova York? E a única de nós que não está aqui hoje, está ali concorrendo á um premio? – Respondeu a loira de maneira obvia enquanto apontava para a TV. - E desde quando você ou melhor, desde quando vocês se importam com ela? Ela nos abandonou, se vocês não lembram. – a ruiva disse olhando para todas as mulheres a sua volta. - Uh... Veja bem... – Todas começaram a resmungar juntas e de maneira confusa o que fez com que a antiga co-capitã entende-se a situação. - Vocês têm falado com ela? Desde quando? Todas se olharam e preferiram deixar Aubrey tomar a palavra. - Ela nos ligou como... Um mês atrás? Ela nos reuniu. Nos explicou muitas coisas e nos pediu desculpas. Ela realmente quis dizer isso. Você sabe como eu tenho minhas ressalvas com a Hobbit, mas ela está arrependida de ter nos afastado, Chlo. E todas nós a entendemos. - Okay. Então vocês ficam e assistem isso. Eu estou fora, afinal de contas ela está tão arrependida que nem se deu ao trabalho de falar comigo. – Chloe disse de maneira irônica já de pé e indo em direção as escadas que a levariam para a segurança do seu quarto. Mas quando ela estava há alguns passos da escada, a voz de Justin Timberlake chamou sua atenção. - Eu tenho o prazer de poder chamar a próxima atração de amiga. Ela já trabalhou comigo em alguns projetos e eu sei o quanto ela ama a música, mas hoje ela vai mostrar para vocês algo inédito que ela vem trabalhando. Ela vai cantar não uma, mas duas novas músicas para todos nós. Em uma apresentação inédita e possivelmente única, senhoras e senhores... A indicada ao premio de melhor produtora: Beca Mittchel. Chloe voltou seu olhar para a TV assim como todas as Bellas e elas puderam ver algo diferente do que esperavam, Beca estava com um visual próprio para a apresentação ao invés do terno que ela chegou ao evento. A calça jeans preta rasgada era acompanhada por suas velhas botas de combate, o ultimo presente que Chloe lhe dera. Além disso, ela usava uma regata preta e uma jaqueta de couro também preta. Uma das mangas da jaqueta estava puxada um pouco pra cima e naquele pulso era exibido o único item colorido no visual da estrela: o lenço das Bellas, amarrado em seu pulso como ela sempre costumava fazer em suas apresentações na época de faculdade. Todas observaram a morena andar em direção ao cantor e sorrir suavemente enquanto o abraçava com certa dificuldade pela evidente diferença de altura, ainda mais evidenciada pela ausência de salto alto e então ele se curvou em direção a ela enquanto a mesma lhe dizia algo. Ele se afastou sorrindo enquanto fazia um gesto para alguém da produção que estava logo abaixo do palco e em questão de segundos (já que era algo planejado para a apresentação) um copo de whiskey estava na mão de sua antiga co-capitão baixinha enquanto todos esperavam pelo próximo movimento dela. E então uma batida começou. Ela virou o copo e o entregou já vazio ao seu amigo que deixou o palco enquanto dançarinos se posicionavam. Ela ficou entre eles e começou a cantar enquanto eles faziam alguns passos lentos a sua volta. I need a drink, whiskey ain't my thing But shit is all good I can handle things like I wish that you would You've been out of reach, could you explain? I think that you should What you been up to? Who's been loving you good? I'm just on the floor, I'm like a model Been looking through the texts and all the photos But don't you worry, I can handle it No don't you worry, I can handle it Para a surpresa de todos, os passos dos bailarinos aumentaram de ritmo e foram acompanhados de maneira perfeitamente sincronizada pela cantora e produtora, que em momento algum deixou sua voz vacilar, mas para nenhuma das Bellas a música fazia sentido, pelo menos não até as próximas batidas. E aí ela fez sentido para a ruiva que se permitiu cair no chão ainda olhando para a TV sem nem piscar. If you let him Touch ya touch ya touch ya touch ya touch ya touch ya (yeah) The way I Used to used to used to used to used to used to (yeah) Did you take him to the pier in Santa Monica? Forget to bring your jacket wrap up in him cuz you wanted to? I'm just curious, is it serious? I'm just curious, is it serious? Calling me up, so late at night Are we just friends? You say you wanted me, but you're sleeping with him You think of me, I'm what you see When you look at the sky I don't believe you, you ain't been loving me right (yeah) I'm just curious, is it serious? I'm just curious, is it serious? A jovem parou seus movimentos no mesmo momento que a batida da musica e respirou de maneira um pouco ofegante. - Eu sei que não é algo muito comum artistas fazerem duplas apresentações aqui, mas eu pedi um favor ou muitos favores e embora eu saiba e possa ver que meus concorrentes ao premio estão um tanto irritados agora, – e nesse ponto todos no local riram – eu precisava disso, não para me aparecer, mas para falar com uma pessoa em especifico. Eu não sabia como fazer isso e essa era minha melhor oportunidade de tentar fazê-la me ouvir! Então aqui vai: Eu sei que não a vejo há três anos e que quando eu saí eu fiz sem me explicar para você, sem deixar você saber o quanto eu te amava e te amei por todos aqueles anos. – Ela engoliu em seco e olhou em volta. Todos os rostos próximos mostravam sentimentos variados, mas a grande maioria parecia de certa forma entender e apoiar o que ela estava fazendo. – Eu sei que fui uma idiota com você, mas eu gostaria de deixar você saber que eu sinto sua falta. Ela olhou para a banda esperando a contagem e assim que a batida começou, ela disse suas ultimas palavras antes de começar a cantar novamente: - Essa é para você, Chlo! Wanna be loved every night Wanna know she's only mine Breathe her in, give me life Got all these hearts in a line They all wasting their time Cuz only you do me right Baby you should pick up the phone Cuz I'm wondering if you're alone Cuz I'm driving down Sunset If you're around, come get it Baby come, come get it Todas as Bellas estavam olhando para a TV sem acreditar no que estava se desenrolando diante de seus olhos. Claro que no encontro que tiveram com Beca um mês antes, ela havia confessado que sempre amou a co-capitã ruiva, não que ela precisasse confessar, já que era algo que todas sabiam, mas nenhuma delas esperava de fato que Beca expusesse seu lado mais frágil diante do mundo todo. Ela tinha uma postura badass que amava manter. I wanna be missed like every night I wanna be kissed like it's the last time Say you can't eat, can't sleep, can't breathe without me I wanna be held, fragile like glass Cause i've never felt nothing like that Say you can't walk, can't talk, go on without m e Want you tired every day Cuz I run through your brain Hold me down, keep me safe This is as good as it gets Don't you dare second guess Only want you saying yes Chloe estava chocada. Durante todos os anos que ficaram juntas, ela achava que a jovem morena era forte como titânio. A musica que as uniu, se tornou também o lema delas e em momentos de crises, quando alguma delas estava em um momento ruim, a outra iria a abraçar e dizer que tudo ficaria bem, afinal elas \"eram titânio\". Mas ali estava Beca Mitchell, a badass dizendo que queria ser segurada e se dizendo frágil como vidro. Beca não poderia ser classificada como \"frágil\". Ela já havia segurado tantas barras difíceis, ela era titânio, mas ela estava ali, em frente ao mundo, se dizendo frágil por alguém. Frágil por Chloe. E isso deixou Chloe Beale sem saber como agir, porque no fundo ela se sentia da mesma forma e foi por isso que ela havia terminou com Chicago várias semanas antes, logo após voltarem de sua viagem para Los Angeles. Aliás... Aquela viagem foi uma ultima tentativa desesperada de fazer seu relacionamento dar certo, o que obviamente deu errado. Ela se levantou de onde estava e subiu para seu quarto enquanto ouvia as frases finais da musica. I-I wanna be missed (come hold me) I-I wanna be kissed (come feel me) Come and make me feel missed (I wanna be missed babe) Girl come make me feel missed (Come and miss me yeah) I-I wanna be held (come hold me) I-I wanna be felt (so come feel me) Come and make me feel missed (Want to make you feel it) Girl I wanna feel missed Make me feel missed PARTE II Um mês depois da apresentação do Grammy. Los Angeles. Em um programa de radio. Beca já estava no estúdio da radio há uns 30 minutos e finalmente chegaram à pergunta que ela temia. - E então, Beca... Sua incrível apresentação no Grammy trouxe os resultados esperados? – questionou o apresentador do programa de maneira bem humorada. - Depende o que você chamaria de resultados esperados. Quero dizer, Hayley Kiyoko entrou em contato comigo depois daquilo e quis gravar aquelas musicas, então acho que isso vai além do esperado, certo? – a morena disse sorrindo. - Wow, Mitchell. Você sabe como revelar uma novidade. Isso é incrível! Mas e sobre sua declaração para uma certa Chlo? Nenhuma resposta? Beca suspirou de maneira triste e isso chamou a atenção das pessoas ao redor. O assunto realmente a atingiu de maneira dura. - Hum... Não. Nem ela nem nossas amigas. Ninguém entrou em contato comigo. Na verdade uma dessas minhas amigas entrou em contato apenas para dizer que eu teria uma surpresa em breve e isso foi no dia seguinte ao show. Ou seja, praticamente um mês atrás. - E você acha que a surpresa tem ligação com ela? – O homem perguntou, demonstrando sua sincera curiosidade sobre o assunto. - Uh... No começo eu achei que sim, mas dois dias atrás Theo, meu primeiro produtor e atualmente um grande amigo, me disse a mesma coisa e disse que era ligado a musica, então eu deduzo que seja algum artista novo com quem irei trabalhar? Eu não sei, cara. - Okay. Vamos esperar então. Agora me diga quem são as Bellas? Beca sorriu de maneira animada. - Bellas é meu grupo a cappela da faculdade. As Barden Bellas. Nós éramos realmente boas. Três campeonatos Nacionais e um Mundial. Eu fui com elas até o USO Tour onde DJ Khaled me descobriu. Nós somos irmãs. Uma família! - Oh. Então eu posso entender que vocês estão tendo uma reunião familiar nos próximos dias? – ele perguntou de maneira inocente enquanto olhava entre a artista e seu celular. - Espera. O que? Como assim? – a morena estava realmente confusa. - Uhn, veja bem Beca. Uma tal de fatAmy acabou de marcar o nosso programa no twitter e disse \"As Bellas vão balançar LosAngeles. Shawshank nós estamos a caminho.\" - Eu realmente não estou sabendo de nada sobre isso, é uma novidade elas estarem vindo para cá. - Uh. Okay. Você acha que a surpresa pode ter a ver com elas? – Ele perguntou tentando ligar os pontos. - Sim, sim. Isso faria sentido, mas eu ainda aposto mais em um novo artista. - Okay Beca, muito obrigado por sua disponibilidade. Foi incrível. Sucesso nos seus trabalhos futuros. - Eu que agradeço. Muito obrigada a todos vocês, sem vocês eu não teria chegado até aqui. Alguns dias depois. Los Angeles. Programa da Ellen. Beca estava em um vestido vermelho que não era realmente sua preferência, mas ela poderia abrir uma exceção por Ellen Degeneres. Sua participação estava chegando ao final e ela estava realmente estranhando o fato de que a apresentadora ainda não havia pedido para ela cantar, coisa que era comum quando ia até lá. - Então, eu vou cantar hoje ou o que? – Beca perguntou de maneira brincalhona olhando entre a apresentador e a platéia. - Oh, não. Hoje não. Na verdade nós temos uma surpresa para finalmente te entregar. Acho que você já soube sobre de uma surpresa a caminho? – Ellen perguntou enquanto olhava entre a cantora/produtora e sua platéia. – Acho que todos já ouviram falar disso, não é? Tanto a jovem morena quanto a platéia acenaram positivamente, no que a celebridade preferiu ser um pouco mais vocal e responder de maneira mais completa. - Eu ouvi falar disso, mas como nada veio até então, eu preferi desconsiderar. Isso está acontecendo aqui? Hoje? Agora? - Sim, sim. Nós tivemos dificuldades de esconder isso de você hoje, mas conseguimos. – Ellen riu e olhou para a platéia – Vamos para uma apresentação musical exclusiva, então... Pronta? – Ela perguntou voltando-se para sua convidada. -Uh. Não. Mas vamos a isso! - Okay. Que comece o show. Uma batida claramente a cappela começou, junto com dedos estralando e então entrava no palco Emily Junk sorrindo e cantando o que Beca deduziu ser uma de suas musicas originais, já que ela nunca havia escutado aquela musica. You made plans and I, I made problems We were sleeping back to back We know this thing wasn't built to last Good on paper, picture perfect Chased the high too far, too fast Picket-white fence, but we paint it black Nesse momento Beca pode ver as Bellas entrando no palco. Sua família. Entrando e acompanhando a caçula em sua música insana. A produtora dentro de si gritava que aquele seria um grande sucesso. Top10 com toda certeza, a falta de uma certa ruiva no grupo era evidente, mas a morena preferiu tentar ignorar essa informação e focar na apresentação que estava se desenrolando bem na sua frente. Ooh, and I wished you had hurt me harder than I hurt you Ooh, and I wish you wouln't wait for me but you always do Beca pode ver agora as Bellas se dividindo musicalmente e enquanto parte delas acompanhavam Lily na batida, as outras cantavam a letra que parecia muito familiar a elas. I've been hoping somebody loves you in the ways I couldn't Somebody's taking care of all of the mess I've made Someone you don't have to change I've been hoping Someone will love you, let me go Someone will love you, let me go I've been hoping Someone will love you, let me go Beca não esperava por isso. A musica aparentemente foi escrita para um dueto já que Cintia Rose começou a cantar os próximos versos, definitivamente Emily vinha se superando em suas musicas. Spend some time, but this time ain't even I could leave it in the past But you're holding onto what you never had It's good on paper, picture perfect Chased the high too far, too fast Picket white fence, but we paint it black E então Emily voltou a cantar. Ooh, and I wished you had hurt me harder than I hurt you Ooh, and I wish you wouln't wait for me but you always do E tudo que sobrou foram às batidas insanas criadas pelas Bellas enquanto a mais nova repetia as ultimas frases de maneira decrescente até tudo se tornar silencio. Beca olhou para suas irmãs e antes que pudesse ir até elas uma nova batida começou sendo acompanhada de um assovio marcante. A morena prontamente reconheceu a musica e fechou os olhos com força tentando segurar suas lágrimas. Era uma que ela sempre cantarolou pela faculdade enquanto pensava em Chloe. Era óbvio que as Bellas haviam presenciado isso mais de uma vez e entendiam o porquê da musica. Era quase irônico o quanto a letra se encaixava com elas, ainda mais agora do que naquela época. Quando a pequena produtora soltou mais um suspiro e abriu seus olhos, Emily estava na sua frente, segurando um microfone estendido para ela e sorrindo, talvez a surpresa fosse as Bellas lhe dando a chance de uma nova declaração? Beca não sabia, mas decidiu arriscar. Ela pegou o microfone e começou a cantar. I've been looking under rocks and breaking locks Just tryna find ya I've been like a manic insomniac 5 steps behind you Tell them other girls, they can hit the exit Check, please Cause I finally found the girl of... my dreams Much more than a Grammy award That's how much you mean to me Beca resolveu focar seus olhos em suas irmãs. Ela sorriu de maneira sincera enquanto lágrimas escorriam de seus olhos e isso foi o bastante para elas prontamente assumirem o próximo refrão. You could be my it girl Baby you're the shit girl Lovin' you could be a crime Crazy how we fit girl This is it girl Give me 25 to life I just wanna rock all night long And put you in the middle of my spotlight You could be my it girl You're my biggest hit girl Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh, oh, oh, oh Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh, oh, oh, oh Let me play it loud Beca sorriu para elas em meio as lágrimas e assumiu a musica mais uma vez. You can't help but turn them heads Knockin' them dead Dropping like flies around you If I get your body close not letting go Hoping you're about to Tell them other guys they can lose your number You're done! They don't get another shot cause you're love drunk Like a TV show playing reruns Every chance I get I'mma turn you on Mais uma vez naquela noite a morena se viu perder sua voz para a emoção e foi prontamente substituída por suas amigas. You could be my it girl Baby, you're the shit girl Lovin' you could be a crime Crazy how we fit girl This is it girl Give me 25 to life I just wanna rock all night long And put you in the middle of my spotlight You could be my it girl You're my biggest hit girl Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh, oh, oh, oh Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh, oh, oh, oh Let me play it loud Antes mesmo que Beca pudesse reassumir, outra voz fez e ela olhou para as Bellas de maneira assustada enquanto elas, sem pararem de cantar, abriram espaço para a nova voz no palco e a morena finalmente estava frente a frente com Chloe Beale. Can't seem to stop you from running, running Through my, through my mind, mind Just keep it coming, coming Till I make you mine, mine You've got that something, something I wanna be with girl You're my greatest hit girl Just say this is it girl Hey, baby Don't you know you're my it girl Chloe estava ali. Na sua frente, sorrindo como se tudo finalmente estivesse em seu devido lugar. Beca ainda perdia o ar quando a via cantar e sorrir dessa forma. Mais uma vez as Bellas voltaram a assumir as linhas, mas dessa vez com a presença marcante de Chloe entre as frases. You could be my it girl Baby, you're the shit girl Lovin' you could be a crime Crazy how we fit girl This is it girl Give me 25 to life I just wanna rock all night long And put you in the middle of my spotlight You could be my it girl You're my biggest hit girl E então Chloe simplesmente abaixou o microfone e deixou apenas as outras Bellas cantando. Por um segundo as duas só se encararam, como que pensando o próximo movimento. Chloe que nunca havia deixado de sorrir, abriu os braços em um convite silencioso que Beca prontamente aceitou. Elas se abraçaram sem se importar com quem estava ao seu redor ou se estavam em rede nacional. Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh oh oh oh Let me play it loud Let me play it loud like Oh oh oh oh Let me play it loud Elas se afastaram por um segundo e então voltaram a se aproximar, dessa vez para o tão esperado beijo. Elas finalmente estavam nos braços uma da outra de novo. N/A: Sim, eu tomei a liberdade artística de mudar a autoria de algumas músicas. Se encaixava bem no meu surto literário momentâneo. Sobre a história: obviamente há um salto temporal. Eu imaginei isso como o meio de algo maior, que contaria o tempo de Beca longe e contaria o após essa história. Mas isso já serve como uma one independente, então... Por que não? Peguem leve comigo! Espero que tenham de alguma forma apreciado assim como quem já leu fez. ","Summary":" N/A: Pitch Perfect e as músicas não me pertencem. Essa história foi criada apenas como forma de ent"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"A Step in the Right Direction","Author":"AbsLou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12880318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Chloe's POV: I couldn't even hear myself think over the sound of the roaring crowd. Becca was grinning from ear to ear, beaming with pride; she sure earnt this recognition. Eyes belonging to Becca suddenly found mine, and all I could do was smile adoringly, she's always captivated me: the way she makes me laugh, the way she opens up around me, the way she's different with me – a nice different, more intimate. Our friendship had always felt like something more, not like my relationships with the other girls. Next thing I know, we're all being hurdled off the stage for DJ Khaled to start his set. \"Hey Chloe, how awesome was that?\" Becca shouted across the kerfuffle. \"Becca, you did amazing girl! This is the start of something special for you.\" I replied back. We managed to come together in the middle of the huddle. \"Its bitter sweet, the start of something new for you but the end of an era for the Bellas.\" I continued. She looked up with a sad look in her eyes. \"Hey, don't look at me like that, this is a good thing, this is your career. We've all got our own separate ways to go, we're happy.\" \"But I don't want us to go our separate ways. Us Bellas, we are one of a kind, I have never had friends like this before in my life, I've never had someone to confide in, I've never had anyone like you.\" She confessed. \"Anyone like me? What's so special about me?\" I questioned. Becca suddenly looked down, her cheeks began to flush. \"Nothing… What I meant to say was you were the one that found me and convinced me to audition for the Bellas. You are the reason that I have this group of friends.\" She mumbled. \"Okay Becca, I know what you mean, don't worry.\" I said with a smirk. \"It's not because I'm the best, right? Yanno, you love me!\" I replied with a wink. \"Aha yeah… sure…urm of course. Let's catch up with the rest.\" She replied quickly, having not realised the others have moved on without us. \"Hey guys, where are we going next?\" Becca asked the group once ae caught up. \"Dinner!\" Amy shouted. \"I call Sushi\" Aubrey suggested. \"Right, sushi it is then\" Becca said with a shrug of her shoulders. As we walk towards our taxi bus that had just arrived, something caught the corner of my eye, Chicago. \"Hey Chloe, can we talk for a sec please?\" He asked. \"Yeah sure. One sec girls, can you wait for me in the taxi please?\" \"Chlo, meet you in the taxi\" Aubrey said with a wink. As I walk over to a corner with Chicago, I notice Theo pulling over Becca to talk to him. I've noticed over this tour that he's been getting overly close to Becca, and it was just not sitting right with me. I need to make a statement. Maybe it wasn't the right statement, but at this time it was all I could think to do. I kissed him. Why? I don't know. I just reached out and grabbed his face and kissed him…right in front of Becca. I wanted to make her jealous. Does this mean I'm into her for this to be a normal backlash? Well no time to think, as I turned around without saying anything and headed back over to the taxi to meet the other girls. Becca's face did not seem too pleased with my recent actions. Those actions caused Becca to give me a cold shoulder the whole night. Not a word to me. When we got back to the room which we shared – and would be the last night we shared this room as our flight home was tomorrow – she proceeded to get into bed after brushing her teeth and into her pjs in radio silence. \"Any reason for not talking to me all night?\" I asked with a sarcastic tone. Nothing. \"Why are you being so childish Becca?\" I almost shouted. Nothing. \"God Becca, this is our last night, make it count, let's have fun! We all go our separate ways tomorrow and this could be the end. So, don't fuck it up for me and yourself!\" I said, progressively getting louder. \"Me? Fuck it up? No that was all down to you babe. You went and fucked it up\" Becca replied matching my tone. \"How the hell did I fuck it up? I'm not the one with the sour face and shitty mood for no god damn reason!\" \"You had to go and open your big mouth, didn't you? We could've gone home perfectly fine with no mentions about the 'end' and our friendship ending. THEN to top it ALL off, you go and kiss Chicago\" Spitting with a questionable rage. \"I was only trying to speak the truth so we could get a resolution… wait, why has this got anything to do with Chicago?\" I ask raising an eyebrow. \"Nothing, just move on Chloe, we're all home tomorrow and you'll never have to think about or contact me again.\" \"BUT I DON'T WANT TO MOVE ON BECCA, YOU DON'T GET IT, SPEAK TO ME. I. WANT. TO KNOW. WHY.\" I screamed, exaggerating the last few words. \"BECAUSE I LIKE YOU OKAY!\" Silence. I didn't move a muscle. Mouth still agape. \"I'm just gonna go…\" Becca trailed off, making her way to the door. \"I'll sleep with Amy\". \"Wait.\" … \"Becca wait\" She still kept gathering her stuff, not stopping. So, I bent down and grabbed her shoulder and turned her around to face me. Automatically I grab her face, and crash my lips against hers. After about 5 seconds she reacts and kisses back. Not even thinking what the repercussions will be. For now it was bliss: somehow this kiss felt like a weight was lifted off of my shoulders. We pulled away, still staring at each other. Our heavy breathing filled the silence. \"Did we?\" Becca sad staring at me in disbelief. \"I guess we did.\" I gathered myself together and stood up from my kneeling position that was facing Becca. I walked towards my bed and collapsed, flat on my face into the pillows. \"I'm gathering you're confused by this?\" \"Yeah I'm confused, not about me kissing you, but the fact you kissed back, disbelief I suppose – How long have you felt like this?\" Turing around to face Becca, as she started to approach me. She sat down next to me on the end of the bed. \"Quite a while really. I didn't know I liked you in that way, but when it hit me, I realised this feeling I've had all this time was too friendly just to be friends .You broke me out of my shell, I was quite happy to be little old Becca that was going to quit after one year at Barden. But no, you came, barged into my shower and made me sing your 'lady jam'- Which by the way, still freaks me out to this date. Your quirky attitude made me realise what I was missing, a partner, whether that's a friendship or more. So I guess all I have to say is that I'm very grateful for your pushy nature because I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you.\" I didn't realise it, but tears began to fall from my eyes and Becca cottoned on to that and came forward to hug me. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry.\" I laughed at this. I laughed because I shouldn't be crying, I should be happy, this is what I've wanted after all right? \"The feelings mutual Mitchell.\" We both laughed at this. \"So I guess we're not going to part ways after all?\" I ask with a smirk. \"If we did, then what was the point of this very revealing conversation? And you know, I'm not an emotional person.\" \"Yeah, I know you, and this was very unusual for you. So I must be a very special lady!\" \"I guess you can say that.\" Becca said smiling. \"So what happens next?\" I address the elephant in the room. \"I mean, I'm going to Vet school and well, the world is your oyster.\" \"Well I don't intend on moving anytime in the near future, Atlanta is my home for now, and I know your studying in Atlanta too so I don't see why this won't work. \"But doesn't the record company require you to move to LA?\" \"Not necessarily. They do have a branch right in Atlanta. So I'll ask to stay there. Well unless you feel that you would like to relocate to LA to a Vet school there? But that's a big commitment, It's like we'd be moving in together and we aren't even official yet. We'd be the proper stereotype.\" \"Well we have a decision then, we stay in Atlanta for now. But one thing for sure is, I have to move out, Amy is driving me crazy, with you added into the equation, she will be unbearable\" \"I agree with you there, and now you will be able to afford the down payment on an apartment or something with the initial pay form signing the record deal contract. I on the other hand will be paying more into the schooling system, but with a little income from the surgery. Lucky for me, I get to stay with my parents. Yay.\" I say dryly. \"I would offer for you to move in with me but that will defeat the object, otherwise we could just move to LA.\" \"We're thinking far into the future here, aha, we need to just think about now.\" We turn to each other, but as I open my mouth to speak again, Becca shoots up and runs to the other side of the room with a massive grin on her face. \"What are you up to Mitchell?\" \"Come over here if you want to find out\" So I oblige and saunter over to her in a childlike state of happiness. But as soon as I get close, she shoots off into the other direction. The next thing, I feel arms being wrapped around my waist. I am swivelled around to face her, well I do have to look down. This makes me giggle at the thought of our height difference. \"Agree to not overthink this?\" I state. \"100% agree with that one Beale! But do we tell the others?\" \"I say we wait on that front, but I'm pretty sure they already guessed there was something more with us.\" \"Yeah the whole 'Bloe' situation that the ever so wonderful Amy came up with. I say we see how long it is before they figure it out. Well we won't be surrounded by them anymore unlike at Barden.\" \"Very true, we could feasibly go undetected for quite some time, well that is if you want to.\" \"I'm all for telling them, but I think we should just play a game with them, giving subtle hints here and there.\" This caused a smile for the both of us. The thought of us actually being a thing excited me and gave me hope for the future. \"Right, tonight is for us, no more talking about the others.\" I finish with a wink. \"I always knew you had a kink Beale.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Chloe's POV: I couldn't even hear myself think over the sound of the roaring crowd. Becca"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Pitch Perfect 3 – The Review No One Asked For","Author":"RJRMovieFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12789380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pitch Perfect 3 – The Review No One Asked For This is not a story, but a review of Pitch Perfect 3. It has spoilers. Recently I received a review on my 'Know When To Hold 'Em' story, that I really wanted to answer, unfortunately it was left by a guest. From: Guest :PP3 is about the Bellas and being a family. Stop throwing a fit and blame Universal that Bechloe did not happen. The movie has greater message than that. There was another Guest review in a similar vein, but it was super snarky and plain rude, so I'm going to ignore it. Now I'm not going to be a hypocrite and deny that I both wanted and hoped for at least a bit more Bechloe in the movie, and I fell for the baiting, which to be honest is the only reason I'm mad at Universal. Their pre-release ad campaign was a major FU to a lot of fans. It wasn't subtle in its suggestion of Bechloe content, but rather very blatant, which made it pathetic and cheap, and showed very little class, as it was entirely unnecessary. Now this guest has every right to feel that Pitch Perfect 3 was a good movie, and feel the greater message was something worthy of praise. I have no problem with that. Of course, people are going to have different takes, and some may like something that others don't. This response is in no way a challenge to that person's belief. It is however a response to the idea that I'm throwing a fit because Bechloe was not canon in PP3. That really annoys the hell out of me. I can only assume this person's review was because I made a statement in my author notes of chapter 19 of 'Know When To Hold 'Em', that to quote, 'I don't own Pitch Perfect or any of their characters, obviously, because if I did, Pitch Perfect 3 would have been a better movie', end quote. Not sure that counts as a fit, but I also think it assumes the reason I didn't like PP3 was because of the lack of Bechloe. This could not be further from the truth. I can honestly say that if Pitch Perfect 3 had been a better movie, but still without any Bechloe subtext, I would have been disappointed, but still recognized it for being good. Unfortunately, in my opinion it's just not a good movie. My first problem with PP3 is pretty much the entire script, which I feel is a hot mess. Where Kay Cannon was able to deliver a very tight narrative in the original movie, in this third installment she and Mike White delivered what often seemed to be a series of loosely connected scenes, which more often than not served as little more than bridges to the movie's numerous musical numbers (seriously, without the musical numbers, PP3 is maybe 45 minutes in length). This left the plot feeling disjointed, and never allowed the audience to really see the Bellas with any real depth. Go back and watch the original Pitch Perfect, which was a true surprise hit. You will see a movie with a smart, fun, and quirky story. Pitch Perfect 3' plot on the other hand is unfocused; there's some fun, but I wouldn't call it smart. Pitch Perfect has moments of real interrelations between the characters, but PP3 is just lacking there. Pitch Perfect was charming, fresh, and funny, but I missed that in this newest installment. The only place where I think Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 3 are comparable is that they both have good music. I will concede there are some good moments in the film, but they are not well strung together, and are consistently overridden by half-baked ideas or poorly conceived humor. As a movie PP3 works best when it's focused on the music; for example, the riff-off is amazing. But too much of the rest of the movie is a radical departure from the format of the first two Pitch Perfect movies. Now one of the reasons I believe Pitch Perfect 3 is a mess I lay at the feet of Rebel Wilson. I don't know if is truly Ms. Wilson's fault, but I felt a good portion of the movie was written and filmed with the intent of securing her participation. Maybe this was necessary to secure her role in the movie, but I thought her storyline wasted a lot of the movies time. The side plot of Fat Amy and her father completely takes over the movie with the Bellas kidnapping, and Fat Amy's going all 'Mission Impossible'. In truth, it felt like an audition tape for Spy 2, and little like Pitch Perfect. I'm sorry, some people may have liked that storyline, but it didn't fit the overall story arc of the three movies, and felt really out of place. As a side story, it completely disrupts the flow of the movie, stole a third of the screen time, and does little to advance the plot narrative. Personally, I think Universal would have been better served doing a stand-alone Fat Amy movie, where they could have had fun with her character. You know a movie with Fat Amy as a spy and Lily as her silent partner would totally rock the box office. Now, the reviewer chastised me for not recognizing that Pitch Perfect 3 is about sisterhood, and I have to say this could not be further from the truth. Yes, the Pitch Perfect franchise is about friendship, family, and sisterhood, but Pitch Perfect 3 did a rather lousy job of delivering on this message. Consistent announcements of sisterhood do not paper over the weaker moments, where anything but friendship and sisterhood are displayed. Again, Fat Amy was in many ways the embodiment of how the writers and director got this wrong. Time after time, the movie had Fat Amy be anything but a friend or sister. How Fat Amy treats Emily throughout the film may be the most egregious example. I'm not sure why the director thought Fat Amy insulting Emily was funny, but they decided to make it a running gag. In addition, we were supposed to find funny that Fat Amy couldn't remember Aubrey's name, and that she really didn't care if something bad happens to Ashley and Jessica. Yet the supposed message of the movie is deep friendship and sisterhood? My second biggest gripe with Pitch Perfect 3 is the use of characters, which is tied to the script, but I think is a greater problem. The storyline in PP3 could have been weak, but the characters could have had strong individual parts, but again this didn't happen. Fat Amy is given the bulk of the film for her storyline which I have already commented on. Second storyline, though I believe was supposed to be the main storyline, was of course Beca's. This makes sense, as Beca Mitchell was the main character of the three movies. I have no problem with this, but I think it could have been done in a way that better uses all the Bellas, thus building on the idea of the sisterhood that is the Bellas. Pitch Perfect 3 is a really short movie, barely reaching feature length running time. It runs a half-hour shorter than both the 2012 original and its 2015 sequel. If they had matched movie lengths, there would have been plenty of time to allow for real character interactions and development. Since the producers went with so little film time, all the characters' struggle for screen time to advance their slender storylines save for Fat Amy, who gets way too much, and almost all of the remaining time goes to Beca. Tell me thirty minutes couldn't have been given to the other Bellas for some decent screen time and story development, and how much more could have been done if they were to not go off on the Fat Amy super spy tangent. In PP3, when the audience does get character arcs outside of Fat Amy's and Beca's, it was a little of Chloe, a sprinkling of Emily, and a bit of Aubrey. However, none of these individual threads are really given much attention, and do little to progress the overall narrative, because they really don't build upon each other. Each of their threads could have been woven into the fabric of the movie, so that it would create a complete tapestry, but the writers/director didn't seem to know how to pull them all together. And the rest of the Bellas might as well be part of the running gag of ignoring Ashley and Jessica, which also could have been handled in a much funnier way too. When it comes to my issue with how the characters were used, let's take a look at Emily. She was again played by a very talented Hailee Steinfeld, but was neither challenged or utilized very well. There was a great story for her in PP3 if the writers had really tried, but for some reason it didn't make it into the movie. Pitch Perfect 2 setup a great relationship between Beca and Emily, so I really appreciated the touching moment the two shared as they again are at a crossroads in their respective lives. Oh wait, that didn't happen, in fact I don't think that the two had a single scene together that didn't include all the Bellas. For some reason the filmmakers decided Emily wasn't going to be looking at a music career, which was setup so well in PP2, and instead have her going for what is a plausible career, but one that doesn't really add to the trilogy's story arc. On top of that, Emily's plot line makes little sense. She's supposedly stopped writing music because she's overloading on college credits and about to take the GREs, but somehow she manages to just take off on a European adventure with the Bellas for a month. Emily did have a really great story to tell in PP3 that would have both fit and improved upon the overall narrative, and I think the filmmakers may have considered it, but if it was filmed it ended up on the editing room floor. Next there is Aubrey, the only person Emily interacts with on a one-on-one basis in the movie. This is fine, but Aubrey had zero interactions with Emily in PP2, so a little work needs to be put into their relationship in this movie, but that doesn't happen. Now I will say with Aubrey, they at least tried to have a storyline around her character, but it was half-assed and weak. I actually liked the idea of the Bellas going on a USO Tour; it was a good reason for the Bellas to come together, and having seen a couple USO shows in my day, the filmmakers weren't far off from what they are really like. The tour allowed the Bellas to have a reason to come together, and have multiple opportunities to perform, though the movie drops this storyline, halfway through. Aubrey leading the Bellas through the tour would have been an interesting storyline, especially with Beca, Chloe, and Emily, each a captain in their own right a part of the team. Now it's established canon that Aubrey has, let's say, an interesting relationship with her father, who has some slightly scary sayings and questionable life lessons, so having a storyline where she's desperate to prove herself in his eyes would have fit. Again, there was potential for a great story to be told, if written and filmed better. Why the filmmakers decided to make Aubrey so desperate looking, I don't know. For some reason the filmmakers decided Aubrey's and Fat Amy's storylines had to revolve around 'Daddy Issues'. For a movie that is about empowering women, I saw this as very disempowering. On top of the proving herself to her father, Aubrey had another small side story in regards to her career. Early in the movie we are shown in the lightning fast montage of the girl's lives that Aubrey is no longer happy with her career choice, but no reason is ever given. This information might have provided some depth to her character and helped with both her storyline, and the movie's overall narrative. It could have also been the basis for a heart-to-heart with Chloe. But alas none of these things happened. In the end, we have the montage revelation, and then what I guess was supposed to be a humorous moment where Aubrey reveals her next career choice. Even if you ignore the fact that there was no actual story arc, you have to wonder what the filmmakers were thinking. I can only guess the writers thought there might be humor in such an out of leftfield idea, that was awkward at best. Then there's Chloe. Yes, I was disappointed that there was no Bechloe, but I was just as disappointed that there seemed to be little to her relationship with any of the Bellas. How do you do a Pitch Perfect movie where Chloe has no one-on-one interactions with Aubrey? And only a single scene with Beca; which let's face it, was more of a site-gag than anything else. A few personal conversations between these main characters might have added to the movie, and would definitely have furthered the narrative. I will admit, I really do not like Chloe's story-arc over the three movies. When one looks at it, it's relatively terrible. She went from 'All Confident about all this' to saying 'I bet they all have boyfriends' as she watches the younger generation of Bellas performing. I knew from that moment, that Chloe's sum total of contribution to this story would be chasing a boyfriend. Again, not a very empowering storyline. The writers again decided to throw away some of the canon PP2 setup for what I can only assume was another sight gag. It was a rather big part of PP2 when Chloe makes the decision to finally graduate college. In that moment, she talks about teaching music, or exotic dancing, another swing at being funny, but it fit the story. So, we open PP3 and find Chloe is now training to be a veterinarian. Not a terrible career choice, and one I could see Chloe doing, but there is nothing in the previous movies to suggest this is her dream or goal. I can only assume her career choice was decided so the movie could film Chloe with her arm up a cow's ass. And not to nitpick, but why would a veterinarian office in New York City have a cow? I feel there was a number of plot points and or scenes that were inserted into PP3 solely for the purpose of a specific joke, but didn't really tie into anything else. At the same time, I think there may have been a rivalry storyline between Chloe and Theo that was considered. One of my reasons for believing this are scenes like the 'boob grab' incident. Why does this scene happen? Why does Chloe feel the need to hide Beca from Theo? There's never an explanation. To that point in the movie, Beca and Theo had only interacted once, and there was nothing in that scene that should have engendered such a response from Chloe. Later, Chloe goes to accompany Beca with Theo, but he cuts her off, which again suggests there was possibly a storyline where Chloe was going to be protective of Beca, and maybe a little rivalry for Beca's attention. This could have been a fun storyline, but it got chopped. Then there's the Chicago storyline, which I actually didn't hate. Chicago is a good guy, and comes across as an officer and a gentleman. Too be honest he's Jesse in uniform. The conversations between Chloe and Chicago are cringe worthy, but that's only because the writers decided Chloe needed to be a babbling idiot when she speaks to Chicago. Again, really empowering. Yet there's such little time in the movie, you have to just accept that Chloe falls in love in a matter of moments, because there's absolutely no time in the movie for character development. I'm not sure why the Chicago storyline is actually introduced into the trilogy, other than to say FU to Bechloe fans. It again does nothing for the overall story arc of either the trilogy or this specific movie. They are maybe the fourth storyline in the movie narrative, and if other plots were better handled it would have been sixth or seventh. If Chloe gets together with Chicago makes no difference in the story. The kiss at the end has no meaning. There's no buildup, no tension. If it didn't make the final edit, no one would have noticed. As mentioned before, the rest of the Bellas get even less storylines or screen time. Stacie doesn't even make the trip, and the sisterhood is on full display when none of the Bellas knew or notices she's eight months pregnant. And again, Stacie was reduced to being just a sex fiend in the movies, not even knowing who the father of her child is. I sometimes forget that it's only in the Fanfiction universe where Stacie is actually brilliant, and is more than the sum total of her looks and sex drive. Flo and Cynthia Rose are in the movie, but we know even less about their lives, while Ashley and Jessica have become just a running gag. The third area I feel Pitch Perfect 3 fell short was the tour. As a competition, it could have been something, but for the most part the competitors are largely forgettable. There isn't even an attempt to really introduce half the competition, Saddle Up, and the rap duo Young Sparrow and DJ Dragon Nutz, while the women of 'Ever Moist' are only slightly introduced to the audience. The women of \"Ever Moist' could have been amazing competition for the Bellas, and could have been actual characters; but they for the most part are relegated to Rebel Wilson punchlines and judgy facial expressions. Ruby Rose as Calamity is largely wasted as a character, and an actress. Why bring on a name actress like Ruby if you are not going to use her? At the same time a friendly, yet heated competition between these groups might have made for more compelling drama, and made the final resolution of the competition more compelling. In one of the trailers for the movie we are shown a scene where Beca exclaims 'she loves her awesome nerds'; it didn't make it into the movie, but it should have. I have a feeling this scene was part of a come-together moment before the girls perform after a series of disasters, which would have been a great addition to the movie, but it was cut. Why? Who knows, it's not like the movie was running long. In the end though the competition is largely sidelined to a montage halfway through the movie, and really plays little to the plot, because it doesn't matter in the final decision. Which is even more puzzling when you consider that when the Bellas perform they provide the best moments of the film, so it was jarring that the final performance to earn the chance to open for Khalid gets skipped over completely. The ending scene tries to refocus the story, but it's missing emotional payoff. I believe the intended sequence of events doesn't come together because the filmmakers got sidetracked. In many ways, the ending performance feels unearned and forced, the Bellas singing together has been robbed of meaning, because there never were any stakes to it, and they didn't really have to come together like they did in the first two movies. Which leads me to my biggest problem with the movie; there is a way better movie in that hot mess, and I have a feeling it ended up on the editing floor. I don't know if it is the fault of the writers, producers, director, the studio, or some combination of all of the above, but I could clearly see a better movie that for some reason they did not deliver on. Now, again this has all been my opinion, and is not an attack on any people, who like the reviewer who inspired this, happened to like the movie. You who are reading this might have liked it; and I will grant Pitch Perfect 3 isn't all bad; it just could have been so much more. Where Pitch Perfect 3 should have been a fun, emotional, and nostalgic farewell saga, it decided to be… what? That's the question I think the filmmakers should have asked and answered when making this movie. Now I'm going to place my money where my mouth is. I have corresponded with another writer, and if she still agrees, we are going to rewrite Pitch Perfect 3. We will endeavor to use all the plot points the movie has, but will rearrange and tweak so that the plot makes sense, both as a stand-alone story, and as part of the trilogy. I'm recruiting someone else to partner with me, because let's face it. I am not the fastest writer, and I still have my original story to finish, which let's face it is the single longest slow burn in the universe. To those waiting for my next update to Pitch Perfect 3 - The Unauthorized Story. It is coming. That said, I will prove there was a WAY better movie hidden in the Hot Mess that is Pitch Perfect 3! Anyway, that's my take, feel free to tear me apart in the comments section. I in no way mean this to be a personal attack. Just my way of both responding, and getting my disappointment off my chest. I look forward to reading people's comments. ","Summary":" Pitch Perfect 3 – The Review No One Asked For This is not a story, but a review of Pitch Perfect 3."},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Big Girls Cry","Author":"stuart-little-luver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11324721","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Here you are, ma'am,\" the waitress said, setting the still-steaming mug onto the table opposite the silverware. \"Thank you.\" Anna blew gently on her beverage, though she was in no real hurry to drink it- the Chai Tea Lattes they served there were unfortunately less than mediocre and always boiling hot. Anna mostly ordered them out of habit. She liked routine; she just wished she enjoyed the actual tea as much as she did the repetition. The street just outside the coffee house was a swirl of umbrellas and darting rain. Adults wore their Nylon windbreakers while the children seemed more suited towards those ridiculous rain ponchos, which Anna was almost positive hadn't been in style since the '60s (But then again, she could be wrong. United States History had not been her strongest suit when she'd taken it in high school...far from it, actually). The sidewalks were wet and muddy, nothing like when Noah kissed Allie in the Notebook. Children were giggling as they splashed in each and every puddle, splattering the soiled water onto their pant legs. The grumpy group of adults stalking behind, Anna figured, was their parents. \"I was hoping you'd be here.\" Anna jumped, startled by the appearance of a new voice. \"Of course I'm here. I've come every other day of filming, haven't I?\" \"No need to get mouthy with me. This was my first guess for where you would be, but my second was just as solid.\" She raised her eyebrows. \"And your second guess was...\" \"Locked in your hotel room listening to Bangerz on repeat.\" Anna laughed, a loud, obnoxious, soul-slicing laugh that acquired half of the customers' attentions. A hand flew to her mouth just as the cackle deadened. \" Shit, \" she said, still laughing, but now switching to what her mother would call an \"indoor laugh, Anna, love. Please settle down.\" \"I didn't see much of you after wrap. Are you avoiding me?\" Brittany asked. Though her tone inferred she was teasing, the glint in her eye betrayed a different message entirely. \"Avoiding you? Britt, why would I be avoiding you?\" Truth be told, she has been avoiding her, just a bit. Or maybe more than a bit. Anna had never been good at goodbyes: receiving, delivering; it was all the same, and she sucked at it. \"I was just kidding, but it'd, y'know, be nice if we could spend at least a quarter of today, our last day , together.\" \"Welp, Brittany, if you want to spend time with me so badly which, who can blame you- I am pretty awesome- you'll need to take a seat right here because my Chai is no where near as cold as it needs to be for me not to burn every part of my body.\" Brittany laughed, and suddenly everything was okay again. -x- Though they'd had reruns of House playing for the past few hours, the show had become more of a background noise to the conversation taking place between the two. \"I'm going to miss this,\" Brittany said. After the two had finished Anna's Chai, they'd decided to hit up her hotel room for some quality television watching. It was a cute little room, the kind where they'd leave a mini chocolate on the pillow after maid service. The carpet was a sea foam green that Anna wasn't crazy about, but it meshed well with the gently patterned lamp shades on both of the bedside tables. Two queen sized mattresses were coordinated left to the origin, a dark green comforter draped over each. The couch they sat on was most likely a futon, or so it felt anyways. \"You wouldn't make a very handsome man,\" Anna giggled, trying to picture the woman in front of her with Five O'Clock Shadow. \"What? Are you kidding? I'd be a total hotshot,\" she said, \"a womanizer.\" \"Huh...I guess I could see it.\" Anna leaned towards her and pinched her chin- dimpled and pale as a baby's bottom, between her thumb and pointer finger. \"You have a very masculine face.\" \"Shut the fuck up. No, I don't.\" \"You so do. If we just did a little fluffing on those eyebrows of yours, added some man-jaws to liven you up, outlined your eyes to make 'em pop , and, obviously,\" Anna gently slid her finger across Brittany's closed lips, \"gave those lips a detox, you'd be a little hottie.\" Brittany met her eyes with a laugh. Fuck, she was going to miss her. Anna wanted to remember Brittany's every detail, every tiny feature and imperfection down to the bone. She wanted to commit her presence to memory, to be completely certain she'd never have to go a day without it. And so she did, analyzing Brittany like her life depended on it. As she stared, their breath steadily fell into rhythm as if they were one being. Her body slowly drifted closer, Brittany's magnetic field tugging her near. The air around them had grown too hot and too thick. Heat bled through her cheeks and into her skull. Anna wasn't sure whether she was panicked or excited, her heart seizing in and out and up and down. Anna's lungs began to fail her in shallow, hiccup-y inhales. Her mouth was so dry her tongue stuck to the backs of her teeth. Panicked, she decided. Brittany met her gaze with a bold intensity, an almost daring certainty- something had made up her mind. And then somewhere between Anna looking down and Brittany leaning forward, their lips met. The touch was innocent but explosive. Brittany's lips, Brittany's pretty pink lips, were kissing her own kind of chapped lips, and suddenly the moment was real. Anna pulled away slightly to catch her breath, her eyes making giddy contact with Brittany's. Before she could think, her eyelids were coming to a close. This time, it was Anna who leaned in, sliding her lips into the little awe-like shape Brittany had left her. She pressed a shaky hand to Brittany's cheek, three years' worth of \"just friends\" slipping through her fingers like dust as her tongue met teeth. The kiss was a kiss ; there was no turning back now. Everything was Brittany's strawberry shampoo, and it was all she could do not to collapse. How long had she wanted this? How long had she wanted to kiss her best friend? To properly kiss her, sober and serious like she'd kiss a boy? What had shifted since the day they met? When had joking turned to hoping? Where had friendship stopped being enough? Brittany released the kiss, blushing softly at the hand she had on Anna's thigh. \"I don't want to go home,\" Anna blurted. She wished she hadn't when Brittany took her hand back. Home meant reality. Home meant complications. Home meant Tyler. The warmth in the air only minutes before seemed to clear, leaving behind the hotel's shoddy AC. \"You and me, both. LA's a shithole,\" Brittany said, adding a fart noise for emphasis. Anna had just time to feel a tiny bit better before Brittany smiled at her, kindly, a grown up giving a kid a sweetie. \"So that-\" \"Still think I'd make a bad man?\" And there it was. Anna shrugged, forcing a laugh they both knew was fake. \"I bet Tyler would've gotten a kick out of that,\" Anna said. It came out sharp, and she tipped her head back to keep the tears from falling. -x- The flight home was, for the most part, silent. Anna kept to herself and read a book that was too similar to \"Murder on the Orient Express\" for her to really enjoy. Brittany sat next to her and nervously chewed on her bottom lip, taking an interest in her shoes as she scuffed them back and forth on the airplane's carpet. \"Friends can kiss, too,\" Brittany said after a while. Anna looked up from her book. \"Not like that they can't.\" -x- Tyler was waiting for Brittany at the gate when they landed. Even though she didn't look, Anna knew Brittany had run to hug him. She sped away in the direction of her flights' baggage claim. The carousel went through three rotations before Anna finally spotted her suit case. She yanked it off the belt and turned towards the man holding a \"Kendrick\" sign. A hand gently grabbed her shoulder. \"Anna-\" \"What?\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be.\" And then she left before she could cry. Anna had never been good at goodbyes. ","Summary":" \"Here you are, ma'am,\" the waitress said, setting the still-steaming mug onto the table opposite "},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Kissed You Good Night","Author":"free13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11383367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I don't own Pitch Perfect or \"(Kissed You) Good Night\" by Gloriana. I heard the song the other day and had this little idea. (Words in bold are song lyrics and italics signifies thoughts.) Hope you enjoy! \"Goodnight, Chlo.\" Chloe pulls Beca in for a hug and both girls squeeze a little tighter. They had just spent the entire day together, which wasn't unusual. Beca and Chloe were practically joined at the hip. They will both be graduating this year so they subconsciously kept the other at arms' length, not ready to lose their partner in crime. But today felt different. They stayed out a little later than usual. They held hands for a little longer than normal. And when it came time to say goodnight, neither one wanted to leave. Eventually, Beca unwraps her arms from around Chloe's neck, breaking the hug, knowing Chloe wouldn't be the one to let go first. \"See you tomorrow, Chlo.\" Beca turns around and walks back to her car. When she starts the engine, a familiar song blasts through the radio. Tonight, this song has a whole new meaning. I dropped you off Just a little after midnight Sat in my car Till you turned off your porch light It wasn't a date, Beca. It wasn't a date. I should have kissed you I should have pushed you up against the wall Shut up, it's just a song. I should have kissed you Just like I wasn't scared at all But what if… I turned off the car Ran through the yard Back to your front door No, I could never do that… Before I could knock You turned the lock And met me on the front porch Like that would ever happen And I kissed you Goodnight And now that I've kissed you It's a good night, good night, baby goodnight Never gonna happen, Mitchell. Beca starts the car but remains parked. She doesn't know what is stopping her from driving off, but she can't leave just yet. Chloe waits for Beca to get into her car before reluctantly turning around and heading into her house. She was hoping, praying for a miracle, some movie cliché turned reality. She just wanted Beca to turn around, realize they should be together, and come running back. Beca can't be so oblivious, can she? Chloe turns on her tv and the country music channel she was listening to earlier starts to play one of her favorite songs. She laughs to herself, finally realizing why she loves this song so much. You couldn't see me Watching through the window Wondering what went wrong Praying that you wouldn't go Why not, Becs? Why did you leave? You should have kissed me You should have pushed me up against the wall Please… You should have kissed me I was right on the edge and ready to fall I'm falling for you… Beca still hasn't moved: One hand on the stick shift, one hand on the car door; her brain shouting one thing and her heart fighting for another. So I turned off the car Ran through the yard Back to your front door I can't. She's my best friend. I won't. Chloe doesn't realize she's crying until she feels a tear fall onto her cheek. Before I could knock You turned the lock And met me on the front porch She can't. She won't… Beca's feels her throat catch and tries to will herself not to cry. And I kissed you No. Goodnight We can't. But Chloe remembers how the song ends. And now that I've kissed you Can we? And so does Beca. It's a good night, good night, baby goodnight Beca's heart wins out. Fuck it. I turned off the car ran through the yard back to your front door Chloe knows it's now or never. Fuck it. Half scared to death can't catch my breath Chloe opens her front door, immediately meeting the blue eyes she's fallen in love with. Both girls smile when they find themselves harmonizing. \"Aren't these the moments we live for.\" Chloe's smile reaches her bright blue eyes. \" Yes\" \"I love you , \" Beca whispers before leaning in. And I kissed you \"Finally\" Goodnight And now that I've kissed you It's a good night, good night, baby goodnight It's a good night, good night, baby goodnight Chloe breaks away. \"I love you too\" ","Summary":" A/N: I don't own Pitch Perfect or \"(Kissed You) Good Night\" by Gloriana. I heard the song the oth"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"The Beach","Author":"ch3ss101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10301841","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was early, too early for a Bella's meet up, but Aubrey had said too be there at the hall at 6:30 am, and too their have bags packed for any occasion. Becca knew what this meant, this meant a Bella's bonding session. Which hopefully wouldn't be as bad as the last one… \" Spa weekend!\" Aubrey shrilled. The other girls looked excited, especially Fat Amy. \" Can't wait for a fat massage!\" Everyone loved Amy, but she does come out with the weirdest things. Chloe looked over at Becca, the brunette had an odd expression on her face, and she was almost hiding herself behind her best friend (and roommate) Stacie. \" You ok Becs? You look annoyed.\" The redhead exclaimed. Everyone turned to look at Becca, everyone but Stacie. Stacie knew how much Becca hated it at spas and makeover parlors; she knew how much Becca hated being with the Bella's right now as well, because of Aubrey giving her so much crap, and she also knew that Becca only attended the Bella's to impress the certain redhead that was putting her into this rather awkward situation right now. \" Yeah I'm fine, it doesn't matter.\" Becca muttered. \" No seriously Becca, what's the matter?\" Aubrey wasn't going to stand down. \" I… I'm not a massive fan of spas, they give me the creeps. Also there also seems to be a lot of nakedness at spas, and I… I just… Just no.\" \" Well you've already shared a shower with me, show what's there to be scared of?\" Some of the Bella's sighed, and some money was exchanged and whispers of I told you so were being passed about the group. Becca looked stunned. \" No guys, we're not… What you are thinking, that's not... Just no.\" Becca stuttered. \" Come on though, lez be honest…\" Of course Amy had to come out with a line like that. Chloe was now turning a shade of red that closely resembled her hair. \" Right ok, meeting finished, go back to whatever you were doing before.\" Aubrey quickly announced. \" Wait Stacie, could I speak to you for two seconds? Chloe, go and get some air, you look like you need it.\" Chloe got up, she was too stunned to speak, and she just got up and briskly walked out of the room. Stacie didn't know what Aubrey wanted with her, she knew how much Becca hated the blonde, yet Stacie was oddly fond of her. Those brown eyes just drew her in. Aubrey spoke, drawing Stacie out of her trance. \" Hey, can you apologise to Becca for me please? It's just, she doesn't really like me, and I don't want to come across arrogant.\" Stacie just stood there stunned. \" What for?\" \" The spa thing and the Chloe thing, Chloe kinda brought that upon herself, but I feel bad for not stopping it sooner.\" Aubrey looked genially concerned. \" Also tell her she doesn't have to come if she doesn't want to. I know I can be hard on her sometimes, but I'm not a total bitch…\" \" Yeah sure!\" Stacie smiled, \"And you're not a bitch, Becca doesn't hate you, she just thinks you come across too strong sometimes.\" \" Thanks Stacie, I really appreciate it. You're such a good friend.\" The word friend stung Stacie, she didn't know why, but it just did. \" Ok, I'm gonna go now and catch up with Becca and make sure she's ok. Bye Aubrey.\" \"Bitch get up! Wake up! Aubrey will stab us if we're late!\" Becca was shaking Stacie awake. \"Come on!\" \"Aubrey? What?\" Stacie sat up. She looked at the clock on her bedside table. The time read 6:15. \"SHIT. OH MY GOD BECCA WHY DIDN'T YOU WAKE ME. WE ARE GONNA BE LATE AND AUBREY WILL HATE ME AND KILL ME AND NEVER LIKE M… I'm speaking out loud aren't I?\" Even in Becca's half awake state, she could she the look of terror on Stacie's face. \"Just get dressed, and I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that.\" Becca smiled, her roommate is so quearballs. They got ready and ran to the auditorium. Luckily for them the meeting place was only a 2-minute walk away from their dorm. They arrived and saw all the Bella's just sitting in a circle, (all with tired eyes) and a very pissed of looking Aubrey. \"You're 20 minutes late.\" She said flatly. \"Aubrey, I… I'm so sor-\" \"I don't want to hear it. Because… WE'RE GOING TO MIAMI!\" The girls started screaming. Stacie and Becca realized that it had been a joke. They let out a sigh. Aubrey ran over to Stacie and smiled, she wasn't mad, her smile from ear to ear. \"You better have packed that bikini I told you to buy, we will be spending a lot of time on the beach! I better go and make sure the van is all packed up!\" Stacie was left, standing there. Stunned out of words. \"Maybe this trip won't be as bad as you thought it would be.\" Becca, who knowing Stacie's real feelings about Aubrey, was grinning profusely as she dragged her onto the bus. ","Summary":" It was early, too early for a Bella's meet up, but Aubrey had said too be there at the hall at 6:30"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"A Thousand Years","Author":"twistie2512","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12978198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Thousand Years Sitting around the fire they had found their song, well really the Bella's sound, but to Chloe it was their song, her and Beca's. She knew it was weird having the cups song as their song but Chloe knew that was when she fell in love with Beca. Yes they had another song \"Titanium\" which Beca classed as their song and often joked about the shower incident, and yes it had stirred something in Chloe when her and Beca sang Titanium in the shower naked, but it wasn't until Beca sat in front of her singing \"Your gonna miss me when I am gone\" that Chloe really knew. Chloe had spent three years waiting for Beca. She had failed Russian Lit so that she could stay at Barden. She had told everyone that she was staying at Barden because she wanted to stay with the Bellas. That was partially true but the main reason she stayed was for Beca. She loved Beca so much and didn't know what she would do without her in her life, so she stayed and only Aubrey knew the truth. Chloe missed Aubrey badly, they talked all the time and Chloe needed an outlet for her frustrations but it was not the same as having Aubrey right there to wrap her arms around Chloe while she cried herself to sleep. It was Chloe who had told Aubrey that the Bellas had lost their way, although Aubrey didn't need to be told, she had been keeping a close eye on what was happening. And it was Aubrey's idea for them to come to her retreat to try and help. Chloe had spent two years, well three if you include the year Aubrey was there doing nothing but talking about her feelings towards Beca. At first Chloe had been scared to tell Aubrey about her feelings because she knew how Aubrey felt towards Beca, but it just got too much for her. And after a night of crying Aubrey finally got her to open up. Beca and Chloe had been dancing around for years with their feelings. Well that was how Chloe seen it. They were close, as close as two people could get without sleeping with each other. Well they did often sleep together but not sleep, sleep together. These nights were really hard on Chloe, to have Beca right next to her, holding her in her arms while they slept but not be able to act on it. She wanted too, god she wanted too, but what if she did and she lost Beca forever. She just couldn't do it. And Beca, well she just continued to play it safe and stay with Jessie. Chloe decided that this is why Beca stayed with Jessie because he was really, really boring, dull, an idiot and this whole list of other descriptions that made Chloe feel better when she talked about him to Aubrey. Chloe knew in her heart, not just in her heart but every fiber of her being that she was meant to be with Beca. At the camp fire, Chloe finally made the decision to graduate. So after all the Bellas went off to bed, Chloe stayed up to talk to Aubrey. She stayed really quite thinking about the look she saw in Beca's eye when she sang their song. It was there, she could see it and feel it to her bones. Yet last night when she suggested that they should experiment, Beca had just told her she was weird. Ok Beca could have taken it as a joke since Chloe did say it in a tent full of Bellas, but Chloe meant it. She knew things were coming to an end and she didn't want them too. Finally Chloe spoke \"What am I going to do?\" \"What do you want to do?\" asked Aubrey \"I want her to know how I feel.\" \"Then tell her.\" \"What if she doesn't love me back?\" \"Are you serious? Did you see the way she was looking at you? She was feeling it too. But you haven't exactly told her how you feel.\" \"I have tried to show her.\" \"But that is not the same as telling her. I think you just need to come out and say it. No more messing around, you are running out of time.\" \"What if I left it too late?\" \"It's only too late if you have given up, and I know you haven't. So do something about it.\" \"Will you help? I have an idea.\" \"Anything, I just want you to be happy.\" \"Ok, I will need the help of the other Bellas as well. Can you send me and Beca on a team building exercise, just the two of us and that way you can fill the other Bellas in on what's happening. You could get them organized and do it with them and when the time, I will jump in and take you place.\" \"Sure \" Aubrey did what Chloe asked and organized a fake treasure hunt that would take them a couple of hours to complete. That would give her enough time to organize the other Bellas. She split all the girls into two and paired Chloe and Beca together. She sent them off first so that Beca wouldn't know that the other girls weren't on the treasure hunt. Chloe was really nervous walking around on this fake treasure hunt. Beca kept trying to make conversation as they walked around but Chloe only managed to make stupid noises as a sound of response. Chloe knew she was about to put everything on the line but she also knew she was running out to tomorrows. So she had no choice. Beca was worried that her and Chloe were still not ok. I mean Chloe was acting all weird. Chloe could hardly put two words together and normally when they walked, Chloe's arm would be linked in hers and you could hardly get her to shut up. So on their way back Beca grabbed Chloe's hand and turn her till they were facing each other. \"Chloe are we ok?\" asked Beca \"Sure why wouldn't we be.\" Chloe replied but wouldn't meet Beca's eyes. \"Really because it doesn't feel like we are.\" \"Sure we are, we are aca cool.\" \"I know I really hurt you by hiding the internship from you, but I didn't mean to hurt you. Which is stupid because I only hid it from you so I wouldn't hurt you, and I ended up hurting you anyway.\" \"I know and it's fine, really.\" \"Are you scared of leaving?\" \"Yes I am. I am going to miss the Bellas so much and I will miss being a Bella. It has been such a big part of my life for so long.\" \"I know but we will all stay in contact. I mean we are Bella sisters.\" Chloe's eyes start to well up with tears and says \"It's just, I am going to miss you most of all scarecrow.\" Beca steps forward and hugs Chloe in and replies into Chloe's ear \"You can't get rid of me that easily. Do you think I would just let you walk out of my life? You have been a big part of my life since that night you walked into my shower. I will never let you go.\" Chloe almost whispers \"Things can change?\" \"Nothing will change Chloe, you are my closest friend and you do could never do anything to change that. I mean you stuck by me and I am a criminal and all\" Beca laughs Chloe steps back feeling more nervous now than before but laughs at Beca's attempt to lighten the mood. \"Let's go and see if the other Bellas are back.\" Chloe says grabbing Beca's hand, wondering if this is the last time she will ever get to do that. When they got back to the hall all the Bellas were there including Aubrey. Once Chloe and Beca walked in the door, Aubrey starts to arrange the Bellas into a semi circle facing two chairs that were placed in the middle of the room. Then she lights up the candles that they are holding and glances at Chloe. Chloe looks at Beca and gives her a big hug then takes her hand and walks her over to the chairs. Beca sits wondering what's going on. Chloe starts to walk to her place in front of the Bellas but when she walks pass Aubrey, Aubrey reaches up and gives Chloe's arm a small reassuring squeeze. Aubrey then takes the other seat next to Beca but sits it just a bit behind so that Beca knows this is just for her. Beca says to Aubrey \"What's going on?\" Aubrey replies \"Just watch.\" The Bellas start to harmonize, and Chloe turns to them and gives them a smile, hopefully enough of a smile so that they knew that she really appreciates what they are doing for her. She takes a deep breath and turns to face Beca. Then she starts… Heart beats fast Colors and promises How to be brave How can I love when I'm afraid to fall But watching you stand alone All my doubts suddenly goes away somehow One step closer Chloe takes a small step forward I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more Time stands Beauty in all she is I wil be brave I will not let anything take away What's standing in front of me Every breath Every hour has come to this One step closer Chloe takes another step I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I lave loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more One step closer Another step One step closer Now she is standing right in front of Beca I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more All along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more Beca couldn't take her eyes off Chloe and Chloe's eyes never leave Beca's. When Chloe stopped singing the other Bellas blew out their candles and just headed out the door. None of them said anything because they knew this wasn't about them, this was something bigger. Aubrey waited till all the girls had left and then got up from her chair. This time she gave Beca's shoulder a quick squeeze and left as well. It took a few minutes of them just looking at each other before Beca finally found words that would come out of her mouth. \"Chloe I don't know what to say?\" Chloe looks at her pleadingly and says \"Tell me you feel it too?\" Beca sits and thinks for a little bit before she can answer, Chloe doesn't know what to do with herself so she takes the seat next to Beca. \"Look Beca, I am sorry if this makes things weird between us, but I needed you to know. I have tried to hide how I feel about you for years and I have tried to show you too without really showing you and now there is about two months left at school and only a month till the World Titles and I couldn't go any longer without you knowing how I feel.\" \"So\" Beca starts \"Are you telling me that you are in love with me?\" \"Yes I have been since I first met you. I know that is a little weird but I have been.\" \"And you never said anything?\" \"I was scared of losing you.\" Beca thinks for a little bit again. Her minds starts racing through images of the two of them over the last few years. She realizes that every happy feeling she has ever had was when she was with Chloe or if something good happened to her it was Chloe that she always rang first, or if she was upset it was Chloe's arms she wanted. Jessie always just seemed to be an afterthought. It was always Chloe first. Beca shakes her and in disbelief. How could she have been so stupid? Chloe sees Beca thinking and doesn't want to press her because she knows she has just heaped a whole lot of stuff on her, but when she sees Beca shaking her head, her heart drops and she gets up from her chair to leave before the tears start to fall. Beca reaches out and grabs Chloe's hand to stop her. She stands up as well and looks at Chloe. \"Are you sure about this?\" Beca asks Chloe \"I have never felt so sure about anything. I love you Beca. I am in love with you. And even if you don't feel the same way, I'll understand but it won't change how I feel, because I feel like I have loved you for a thousand years and that I will for a thousand more, that why I picked this song. So you knew that this is real for me even though it's really corny\" Beca says \"I am going to do something now and I don't want you to stop me ok?\" Chloe just nods her head scared of Beca just walking out the door and she had just agreed not to stop her. Beca takes a step into Chloe and puts one of her hands on Chloe's check and leans in and kisses her. It only takes a second for Chloe to realize that Beca is kissing her and she leans into it and grabs Beca around her waist to pull her in tighter. The kiss is strong and passionate and they only pull away when they could no longer breathe. \"So that was um hot \" says Beca Chloe just nods with a stupid grin on her face. Beca can't help herself, she smiles too. So they kiss again. But this time Beca pulls out of the kiss first and says \"We really should talk about this?\" 'We really should\" replies Chloe \"I'm with Jessie\" Chloe frowns and nods. \"Do you want to be with him?\" \"I don't know. I care for him, I do, I even love him but I am not in love with him and have never been in love with him, so no. I never realized that it was you. It was always you. You're the one that I turned to if I was down or the one I ran to if there was something I needed to show or something to share. It really was always you. I knew that I loved you and on some deeper level I guess I knew that there was more too it, more than just friendship. I was scared of what it could mean. I was scared of having a label, scared of losing you. I was just so scared of everything. No one in my life has meant as much to me as you do. I mean no one but you has ever gotten me to share. Either my food or my bed. Even Jessie, I would never let him stay the night because I didn't want to wake up with him. I thought it was just because of how I felt about my dad. But you, waking up next to you with your arms around me always started my day off the right way. How could I have been that stupid?\" \"So what do we do now?\" \"Well like I said, we should talk and then I will need to talk to Jessie because now that I can finally see the truth and the truth is that I love you too, it would be really unfair to act on this until I talk to Jessie. Oh yeah and you are not going to be an exotic dancer, not now, not ever even though I think you would be really good at it\" \"Ok\" Chloe says with a smile back on her face. \"Can I get one more kiss because I waited for so long and now that I have had a taste it is going to be even harder to wait until I can do it again?\" Beca leans in again and captures Chloe's lips with her own. They decide not to go back to the tent and sit up all night talking, holding hands and leaning against each other. They were scared that if they fell asleep, that they would wake up and it would all be just a dream. The sun started to come up as they were still sitting there holding each other's hands, and both of them thought it was the most beautiful sunrise they had ever seen. Then the other Bells started to stir, Chloe looked at Beca and asks \"Are you sure you want to do this?\" And Beca replies \"I have never been surer of anything.\" When they were leaving the retreat both Beca and Chloe were the lasts to say goodbye to Aubrey. Chloe hugs her and says \"Thank you\" and Aubrey hugs her back. Chloe goes to get on the bus and Aubrey pulls Beca into a hug which surprises Beca. \"If you hurt her I will tear out your vocal chords all by myself, I won't need a pack of wolves\" Beca hugs back and says \"I will tear out my own if I do. I love her Aubrey, I won't hurt her.\" Aubrey gives her one last squeeze and let's go. Beca climbs on to the bus and takes a seat next to Chloe, she is tired from being up all night talking and has almost dozed off when Fat Amy says \"She wear you out short stuff, I heard gingers were wild in the sack.\" Beca picked up a jumper and threw it at Fat Amy's head. It was a busy month heading towards the Worlds, between practice, organizing all the arrangements and her internship Beca hadn't had a chance to talk to Jessie. In fact she sort of forgot about him all together. When she wasn't at work, she was with the Bellas practicing or she would collapses at Chloe's from just pure exhaustion after work. It was just because of that because now she knew the truth, there was no place that she wanted to be. Beca only went back to her own dorm to pick things up she needed because she no longer slept there. Chloe never asked about Jessie or pushed Beca into dealing with that situation because she knew Beca loved her and that they were going to be together. And in a way they were, they were together all the time, and slept with each other nearly every night because after practice they were so tired that they just fell asleep. They hadn't been intimate with each other which was making Chloe a little bit antsy, but she knew that Beca would need to take her time. Realizing that she had these feelings was new to Beca so she was going to let her set the pace. Chloe had waited this long, she knew that she would be willing to wait however long it took. Copenhagen was beautiful, and Beca was go glad that she got to share this with Chloe and the other Bellas. And on the first night there they went out for dinner and had a few drinks. Not too many because they still had to get up and practice. So her and Chloe headed back to their room and settled in. They laid in each other arms talking excitedly about their performance until Beca leaned up and kissed Chloe. Chloe kissed her back, it was something they did now before they went to sleep but this kiss was different. Beca's kisses had a need in them and when her hands started to roam around Chloe's body, Chloe melted into her touch. They made love to each other for the first time and it was everything that Chloe had hoped it would be. They both slept well for the first time in a month, worn out and tired but both completely satisfied. No more hoping, no more dreaming. The love of her life was in Chloe's arms and she couldn't be happier. All her dreams had come true. They rocked at the World's and won. Their first instinct was to run towards each other and hug, they were jumping up and down in each other's arms. Life could not get any better. They saved the Bellas, beat DSM and were in love. It wasn't until somehow over the noise of the crowd they could hear someone calling out \"BECAW\" that they knew that Jessie was there. Chloe looked at Beca and Beca shook her head and said \"Shit\" \"What is he doing here?\" asks Chloe \"I forgot to tell him.\" \"Um well that's probably a conversation you should have had with him before he flew half way around the world to see you.\" Chloe said annoyed. \"I know Chloe, I am so sorry. I really haven't talked to him since we got back from Aubrey's and I just thought well you know, that he would have just guessed.\" \"You really should have talked to him, it's not fair on me or Jessie.\" \"I know and again I am sorry but I will put it right, I promise. I love you and want to be with you and I will tell him tonight.\" So after the Competition ended Beca went to met Jessie. She felt bad about what she was going to do but she knew that leaving it any longer was unfair to him and to Chloe. She never meant to be a cheater. In her mind they had already broken up and her need to be with Chloe gotten the better of her. She knew that when she broke it off with him, which was going to definitely be tonight, that telling him why, that she was in love with Chloe would not go down very well. And there was the fact that he had travelled half way round the world to support her. So she took him to a small café and started talking, She told him that although she was glad he had come, he should have told her he was coming so that she could have saved him some money. She explained that although she loved him and would always love him, she was not in love with him. Jessie tried to convince her that she was just tired and she didn't know what she was saying. Beca hadn't told him that there was someone else and that the someone else was Chloe, she figured that just ending it would be hard enough. When the café had closed they had moved outside to keep talking. Jessie kept pushing and pushing, telling her that when she wasn't so tired, she would see things more clearly and when they got home things would go back to normal. She snapped finally, and she said \"Look Jessie I am really sorry, but I am not in love with you, I am in love with somebody else.\" \"Who\" \"It doesn't matter who, I am just really sorry ok. I never meant to hurt you, I really didn't.\" \"Why are you lying to me, you do love me, I know you do.\" \"And your right I do, but I don't love you they way that you have always loved me. I thought that your love would be enough for the both of us, but it isn't.\" \"Then tell me who this great love of your life is?\" \"No\" \"If it's such a great love why aren't you shouting it from the roof tops?\" \"Because it doesn't matter who it is, it just matters that it's not you.\" \"It matters to me.\" \"Why?\" \"Because no one could love you as much as I do Beca.\" \"I know how much you love me and I am sorry that I am hurting you.\" \"Then just tell me who it is and I will let it go?\" \"I really don't think that's a good idea?\" \"I should at least get to know what guy stole my girl from me.\" Beca shakes her head \"It's not a guy.\" \"What\" \"It's not a guy, it's a girl.\" \"Um?\" \"Now can we drop this?\" \"Is it Chloe?\" \"Yes\" \"Well um, I don't know what to say?\" \"There is nothing to say.\" \"Can't I fix this? Us?\" \"No, there is nothing to fix. I am in love with Chloe and there isn't anything I can do about it. And I don't want to do anything about it. I am happy, truly happy for the first time. I didn't know that I was in love with her Jessie. If I had known, I would never have put you both through this. I really didn't mean for you to get hurt. I really care about you a lot, and I hope at some point you will be able to forgive me.\" \"Does she love you back?\" Jessie asks already knowing the answer. \"Yes.\" Jessie finally knows he has lost. He can't fight against Chloe. If it was another guy, he might have stood a chance to win her back but not Chloe. He knew that Beca and Chloe shared a special bond that most people would never understand, he didn't understand. He just thought they were best friends but he was wrong. He tried to think about it as if it was a movie, because movies were something he could understand. Jessie forgot that every movie has a sub plot and when he thought about it and played the last few years in his head, he realized that he was never meant to the hero in the movie, he was the distraction. Chloe was the hero, the one who patiently waited for the princess to realize she was the one. After he finally accepted what had happened, he headed off to his hotel. Beca had been gone for hours and Chloe was frantically pacing the room she shared with Beca. Chloe mind was racing, she started to think that maybe Beca had gone back to Jessie and to his room and they were there laying in each other's arms, Jessie kissing the lips that she wanted to be kissing, touching the skin she needed to be feeling under her soft touch. The high she had been feeling since the win was finally wearing off and fact that Beca hadn't come back, and all the thoughts that went with why Beca hadn't come back was taking its toll on Chloe. She was getting tired. She decided to jump in the shower to try and clam herself down. As she stood under the warm flow from the shower head she heard a noise behind her. She turned to see Beca smiling at her. Chloe tried to cover herself and Beca laughed. \"What?\" Chloe says \"Since when do you cover yourself?\" \"Since I don't know if it's my girlfriend seeing me naked or a friend?\" \"It never worried you before.\" \"Well it does now.\" Beca starts taking off her clothes very slowly, knowing that Chloe is watching very closely. She steps into the shower and grabs Chloe around the waist. \"How would you feel if I said your girlfriend? Asks Beca \"I would feel extremely happy. Are you saying you're my girlfriend? \" \"Yes if you will have me?\" \"Oh I will have you, over and over again.\" \"Which one of our songs should we sing? \"Which one, I thought we only had one\" says Chloe. \"We have Titanium, now we also have A Thousand Years but I think I want to sing the other one\" \"What other one?\" \"You don't fool me Beale, the song that made you fall in love with me\" Chloe blushes and said \"How did you know?\" \"I sang that song hoping to make you notice me. I obviously made the right choice.\" Beca smiled. \"Yes you did.\" Chloe pulled Beca to her and knew that this time, she was never going to have to her let go. ","Summary":" A Thousand Years Sitting around the fire they had found their song, well really the Bella's sound, "},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Making Believe They're True","Author":"apckrfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10263331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"So what are you going to say to him?\" Darcy asked. \"I don't know,\" Kate admitted. She had no idea what to say. She'd acted like a complete ass, made Nick do the same against his will, and now what? She expected him to forgive her? To give her another chance? There were some who wouldn't think she had even a ghost of a chance of getting Nick to give her the time of day. Those doubters were probably right, rightfully so given her behavior. She had to try, though. Kate swore into the phone, wishing she could come up with a plan. She was obviously great at coming up with plans as evidenced by the fact she'd not only gotten her promotion but the chance to lead an account thanks to the show she and Nick had put on at dinner. When it actually mattered, though? A plan escaped her. \"Oh God,\" she murmured. Why had she made him humiliate himself like that? Why couldn\" \"Yeah?\" \"Tell him I can't wait to meet him for real this time.\" Kate laughed lightly. \"I will.\" \"So, should I pack presuming he listens and wants to see me?\" \"Well, it can't hurt.\" \"I don't think he'd sleep with me, though,\" she said, looking through her underwear drawer. \"No?\" Kate frowned a little, thinking over the little of the real Nick she knew. \"No, he's not the type.\" \"Well, then, I'd leave the lingerie at home.\" \"Yeah, you're probably right. I don't want him to think I planned on sleeping with him even if that happens.\" \"I want details when you get back.\" \"Darcy.\" \"Of the conversation! Though the rest probably wouldn't be half bad either.\" Kate laughed. \"Oh, and Kate?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You're welcome.\" \"I'm sorry, Darc. What am I thanking you for?\" \"Well, it was my lie that started all of this. Seems to me as mad as you were at the time I kind of did you a favor. And I'm not even talking about the promotion if this pans out with Nick.\" \"Yeah, I guess you did, you're right.\" \"Drive safe.\" \"Thanks. Call me if anything happens with the account.\" \"We can handle it; you take care of your stuff.\" She hoped when she came back she'd at least have the beginnings of a relationship happening. ~The End~ ","Summary":" \"So what are you going to say to him?\" Darcy asked. \"I don't know,\" Kate admitted. She had no i"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Let Her Go","Author":"Addison Griffin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11958544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"c99294e4f5df91b11da20bfc6d8903aa\"\"I hate what you did.\" Beca said, trying to keep her emotions in check./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"1d82f5d06c490b96e03c8e641cbe829a\"\"I know I shouldn't have done it-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"07d82fd32aba9b84ef282c19d4821804\"\"I trusted you, I let you break through the walls that I had built so high. You knew this happened to me last time. You knew this was why I didn't want to give you everything.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a87212352925656fa197bb96037fb044\"\"Beca, I'm sorry-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"71382e92c4c47033b7ec3b2d8b493aaf\"\"No, Chloe. Don't- just don't.\" Beca said quietly, quickly wiping a tear from her cheek as she glanced over at Chloe's watery blue eyes. She wasn't going back that easily this time./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"82319b76a1e46c8f230e5c4f1ddc95e7\"\"Beca, please. It was a mistake, I was drunk and he was there. I didn't mean for it to happen. I love you, Beca. Only you.\" Chloe said, desperately. Stepping towards the small brunette./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"8ad03347b20d275e2527da42c636fdcf\"\"No, Chloe.\" Beca stepped back./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"10069d390c127bf9e855be70e04a6c83\"\"Please, babe-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"cfe03153bb8059886e0cc2da9d4f92ba\"\"No, Chloe, just don't.\" Beca mumbled and then words started flying out of her mouth, \" I don't hate what you did.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e9ad7dc5cc943111a7f074409162bac5\"Chloe felt a spark of hope at those words./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"61cb4e794b257e23a5d1b292de694272\"\"I hate em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"you /emfor what you did./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"aa65c22ec40755c7f6a8801f250b320f\"Chloe was shocked as she stood there speechless. Choking back tears as Beca, the love of her life turned her back on her, running out of the apartment./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"2bc5496e32ea1102a223cb32d72ec3e8\"span style=\"box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: bold;\"em style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\"Meanwhile.../em/span/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"eb1dc1bc9a15d24634076dd5f9e07b98\"\"I think we need a break.\" Stacie said quietly./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"ec9e48e2ad7041601d500b65c2e1478c\"\"What do you mean?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"b00ff01407b4f364ae1da75067d5a500\"\"Aubrey, you know exactly what I mean.\" Stacie said, fidgeting with the ring on her finger./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"3ca734a16168db7c6e314d2243d1c9de\"\"Do you want us to break up?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a5e0e5b3f0baaf0db7b9f3a859f49eec\"\"That's not what I'm saying.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"44b13d5b298b2c0a4520d90b58129524\"\"Oh, really? Because that's what it sounds like.\" Aubrey said, getting slightly irritated with the brunette./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"827243d3583d9f150f9a8c977898eb36\"\"You never listen to me. That's why we're in this situation.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"730203e650a8c0314d096aa896126bc0\"\"What are you talking about? Of course I listen to yo-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"2367ea76bc0f45c862ced262491c75f2\"\"No, you just take what I say and change it.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0bfba422b70ae3fddfc9c2d04b80feaf\"\"Fine, but you never let me talk, it's always you! Never me, it's always Stacie this, Stacie that and it's so annoying.\" Aubrey screamed, enraged with Stacie./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"4d0a7dab453395384e76d121ce4b20af\"\"Oh, so this is my fault, Ms. Perfect?\" Stacie snapped./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"4f9aa443cbb30aa04b7ed80bd191e1f6\"\"Yes! You're too self centered and-\" Aubrey stopped when she saw Stacie slipping the engagement ring off of her finger. \"What are you doing?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"fb8d409eda9d33fb0cfac149fee1fac3\"\"What I should have done a long time ago.\" She said, placing the ring in Aubrey's hand. \"I'm leaving.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"ababb0c1988c8142251162d3dade48e3\"\"Good, now I don't have to!\" Aubrey screamed, angrily. She didn't mean for that to slip out, and now there was no going back. Aubrey noticed the hurt look on Stacie's face and instantly regretted saying it, \"Babe, I'm sorry, please. I didn't mean it. Don't-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0681acf56410c39cff2488de01ec0bb7\"Stacie grabbed her purse and her keys before rushing out of the door. Aubrey leaned on the counter with her face in her hands, \"What did I do?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0a92335ef24719a4f1385774c3ad88fb\"\"Bree? What are you doing here? Alone. Don't you have a fiancee to entertain?\" Chloe asked as she approached her blonde best friend at the bar. She noticed Aubrey's teary eyes as she sat down, \"Bree, what happened?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"9f47b4e38f4139f9bb3b515062a520ed\"\"Nothing.\" Aubrey put her hand over the ring in front of her. Chloe took Aubrey's hand and gave it a squeeze, \"We got in a fight and then I said something I shouldn't have and now she's gone.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"f8fde35133bb8b05c1e960b8fd1198a8\"\"Aubrey.\" Chloe sighed, \"What did you do?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e43eec0e73215e04df45e3942bd2a799\"\"So we were fighting, she told me I never listen to her then I told her she was self centered.\" Aubrey stopped, looking over to Chloe, awaiting her reaction./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"177e02969de09db10c96dafdae6eef90\"\"There's more, isn't there?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"796574a1142a58ff91f3a8ca31558dfb\"\"When she told me she was leaving, I basically told her I was glad she was leaving so I didn't have to.\" Aubrey said into her hands, brushing away the tears./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"950b70bdacb35ebc0da3aac8cbe47a18\"\"Stop, let go.\" Beca whined to Stacie as she attempted to take the beer from Beca's hand and stop her before she could get to the bar. Beca was beyond drunk and the taller brunette was trying to drag her away from the party./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"7442b4642ca902bcbd22dbb75099bf54\"They both made eye contact with the redhead and the blonde at the bar, Beca nearly dropped the beer in her hand, breaking eye contact with the redhead and walking off with Stacie behind her. The small brunette blinked back the tears as she gulped down the rest of the beer and allowed Stacie to pull her to the parking lot. Stacie took her hand and pulled her towards the car, \"Come on. I know where we can go.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"8a6a795a6e00cb8da1a9e9f816853a93\"20 minutes later the two found themselves at Jessica and Luke's house. Jessica was always the person that everyone counted on when they were having problems or just needed to get away. Her and Luke had met just after graduation at one of Beca's record label parties and they had been inseparable ever since, and they had been married 6 months ago on the coast in Florida./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"54753bb62ec1ef78c6b1264129cbe745\"\"You two can stay here for as long as you need. Luke won't mind, I'm sure.\" Jessica told the two girls as they sipped on wine in the living room, \"I'll even go to your apartments and get your stuff if you need me to.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"32fbbbc49a17efb8c2a6af656dc30015\"\"Thanks, Jess, but I think I'll go over tomorrow while Chloe's at the school.\" Beca said, sipping from her wine and smiling at Jessica. Stacie on the other hand was glad to have someone to run to her apartment, Aubrey was back from the retreat for the next two months and she didn't want to risk running into her./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"11f92fabb81b15e5feda9633f3e4fdea\"Jessica decided to change the subject, \"Did you guys here about Ashley?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"95981a1ec13d5d4b75a9d3e08e03850d\"Both girls instantly lit up, \"No, what happened?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"978b55ad55070a5442fe7fdcbcdb47ab\"\"Well, she called me this morning and told me she needs to go wedding dress shopping and she wanted me to be her maid of honor and-\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"6029ad5dc5572ede82fd552b9a404a9b\"\"So you're saying her and Unicycle are finally engaged?\" Stacie squealed, clapping her hands together, nearly spilling wine all over Jessica's white couch. \"Its only been what? 7 years?\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"54158b8b14a918b489459beefa8b3f6d\"\"Yep and she wanted me to ask you guys if you wanted to be bridesmaids.\"/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"3df36269f0cf2f9e68a17fb3adfbfdd2\"Beca and Stacie squealed excitedly before agreeing to be bridesmaids, \"Wait, who are all of the bridesmaids?\" Stacie asked./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; font-size: 18px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e0bb57f9c004e655ee7cccd251fa1a31\"\"Just us and Emily.\" Jessica said, \"Ashley said she always wanted you guys to be her bridesmaids and when she gets back from Italy tomorrow we can talk with her and explain the situation. She's Ashley,my best friend, so I know she'll understand.\"/p ","Summary":" p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica "},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Games","Author":"44BlueFish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11403230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I was driving around when a song came on that gave me an idea. The song is Games by Luke Bryan. I'm not sure where I'll go with this one but hope someone enjoys it. Let me know what you think. The brunette knew they were playing the game yet again. She wondered why and when would they stop. She wanted the girl but knew she couldn't have her. Seeing her dance with yet another muscle bound jock at the frat party was enough to make her want to leave. Instead she snatched a drink out of a guys hand and downed it before he could protest. They had been playing this game all year. One would make the other jealous and it looked like it was her turn to hurt. The music pulsed and Stacy looked over to see Beca behind her laptop in the corner with her headphones on and waved. A head nod was all she got back before Beca continued to do her thing. \"lucky bitch\" Stacy thought as she watched Chloe slide up next to Beca and kiss her cheek. Out of the corner of her eye she saw her girl move to the kitchen with her choice of the week. Damn t if she was going to let her win this time. Stacy needed to show her that she wasn't going to let her win. She started to scan the room looking for someone hot. She found a target and made her way across the room. As Stacy approached the beer pong game and watched as the two girls sink yet another shot against the Omega brothers she knew this was going to be too easy. Stacy knew she was sexy and knew how to work her magic to get what she wanted. Tonight she wanted the tall blonde hottie. \"You boys seem like you need help\" She stated. Omega idiot number one snorted out a laugh, \"no thanks honey, we got this.\" She shook her head and replied, \"They are beating you six to two. I bet you I can sink three shots in a row.\" The guys looked at each other and shrugged. Omega idiot two handed her the ball. \"Three shots or you drink everything left on the table.\" Stacy nodded and faced her target. With ease Stacy sank her shots and then on the fourth shot she aimed high. The ball landed right on target, down the shirt of the blonde on the other end of the table. The girl stood in shock for a moment but then retrieved the ball from her shirt. Stacy smirked, \"Opps, sorry about that.\" She could tell she had caught the girl's attention. Stacy walked up to the blonde and took the ball from her hand as she whispered in the girls ear, \"I got a little distracted. My bad.\" She then tossed the ball back to the boys and walked away swaying her hips a little extra. She felt the blonde's eyes following her out the door. Stacy made her way to the keg and poured herself a beer while she waited. \"Sooo, I'm distracting?\" Stacy turned around to see the blonde had followed her outside. She nodded as she took a drink. The two exchanged a little small talk before heading over to the shots table. Stacy knew the blonde was pretty drunk after a few shots because she was getting handsy. Nicole(Stacy was pretty sure that was her name) took her hand and headed towards the dance floor as some bass heavy song came on. \"This is my jam!\" The blonde proceeded to start grinding on Stacy. As if on cue Stacy saw her true target come into view. She quickly pulled Nicole closer and really got into the grinding. She knew this was dumb but she wanted her to see that she could play the game as well. So what if Stacy knew there would be pain in her eyes if she looked up. So what if she knew she was just doing this to cause jealousy. So what if this was just the next move in their game. Stacy started to kiss down Nicole's neck and wrapped her arms tighter around the girl. She needed to focus on this girl dancing with her and not on who was watching her. The moan she could feel roll up Nicole's neck reminded her that she was good at this. Sex was her thing. Stacy quickly pulled Nicole towards the door. She might not be the one she really wanted but she would due for tonight. A much needed distraction. Stacy felt her phone buzz and they got outside. She looked down to see one simple line. Good taste. Yep, this was their game and she had just won this round. ","Summary":" A/N I was driving around when a song came on that gave me an idea. The song is Games by Luke Bryan."},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Meeting Again","Author":"Soffisnow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11442627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm sorry if my English is not good enough. I was volunteering in Madagascar and had a lot of free time. I will be posting the rest of the chapters soonish! 'So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle…and she was hurricane…' Ever since Chloe read John Green's \"Looking for Alaska\" she could not manage to get that quote from her head. She had not enjoyed the book as much as everyone had, to be completely honest. It was too vague, without a good portrayal of the characters, making the use of the quote something without passion. Nevertheless, the quote had reached Chloe's soul like a lighting reaching a lonely tree, because the redhead had spent the past years of her life fighting a never ending storm. It was hard, indeed to be in love with your best friend. If there is one thing she was sure about, was that her life lacked real meaning until she met Beca Mitchel. She remembered that day with fine detail. The fair, Aubrey trying to keep calm and pretend the Treblemakers were not the kings of the campus and Chloe, trying to spot any hot chick that would be still willing to audition for the Bellas after the catastrophe. Suddenly, there she was all pierced up, with too much eye liner and a look in her face that screamed she was too cool for college. The moment she saw her, Chloe's heart skipped a beat, something that had never happened to the redhead before. Chloe had always thought sexuality was something fluid, composed of both physical and intellectual attractiveness and not subject to gender. Nevertheless, she had never felt anything like that simply looking at someone so she couldn't stop herself from approaching her. She couldn't stop herself once again when, a few weeks later she heard her singing in the shower. Beca will never know the nights Chloe spent alone in her room thinking about those 30 seconds their voices matched in unison to one of her favourite songs. She will never know because at the end of the year Beca started dating Jesse leaving Chloe, who thought Jesse was like an annoying little brother to her, swallowing her feelings. Chloe had always thought it was totally normal to have a crush on your best friend but the moment Beca came to rehearsals suggesting they used the Breakfast's Club soundtrack for the ICCA's, she knew she was doomed. Doomed to live knowing the girl she thought about all the time, had a thing with one of the Trebles. 3 years had passed and the Bellas finally graduated. 3 years that Beca and Jesse had been together and it looked like they were gonna live happily ever after. Chloe on the other hand, had sporadically been with people trying to get over her non-so-small crush on the brunette. She knew she had to forget her but she didn't know how to stop being flirty because Beca had that distant vibe with most people, but not with Chloe, and the redhead knew it. Beca would allow Chloe to stay with her whenever she was working on her mixes and even peak a little, she would even cuddle her when they were watching a movie or sleeping over during their first year and even though she shared a room with Fat Amy at the Bella house, they had both fallen asleep several times on the sofas, talking about rehearsals or helping each other study. Not that Chloe had much to study, she knew exactly was she was doing but she was too afraid to leave and having to start a new life. That was her happy place, living in a house where there were always people laughing, singing and dancing. Why would she want to leave? Eventually, university life got to an end, Chloe got a job as a teacher outside California and Beca of course made her way to LA, where she was gaining herself a bit of fame. During their first year apart, the Bellas would visit the city very often but as time went by and people carried on with their lives, those visits would happen less and less. Chloe thought she was finally getting some closure on her feelings for her best friend but every time she spotted the DJ/Producer on TV her heart would flip. She told herself that she was slowly getting over her but in reality…she knew she was just keeping busy, hoping that someday her dreams would come true. Beca had always been that friend who has to be reminded of everything, from meetings to parties but somehow during the first few years after graduation, she would text Chloe on important dates and sometimes she would even visit her to spend a few days catching up and remembering old days. Beca and Jesse did not last long after university. Let's be honest we were all expecting that, Jesse loved Beca so much but not even him could hack with his girlfriend's hectic life. Chloe had got herself a small apartment near her workplace to where she'd bike every day. Her kids loved Miss Beale and she had started some sort of relationship with the Art teacher. He was funny and would always come with crazy dates ideas. Once, they went skydiving and Chloe almost died but she had a really great time. They both knew they were not in love, but they had a lot of fun together, it was a healthy relationship for both of them. ","Summary":" I'm sorry if my English is not good enough. I was volunteering in Madagascar and had a lot of free "},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Picture Perfect… how I would end the film","Author":"geckogirlwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9312523","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Picture Perfect… how I would end the film I recently got love film instant and I have been watching the old films I have missed over the years and this was one of them. When the film ended I felt that Kate had got away with her terrible behaviour far too easily and she had treated poor Nick really badly and selfishly disrupted someone else's wedding. I didn't think she deserved to get Nick so easily so I thought I would write my own ending... 'I'm trying to work, how dare you come and turn my world upside down when you treated me so badly. Now you think you can click your fingers and expect me to come running?, Go away Kate!' Kate didn't move an inch, she wasn't taking the completely unsubtle hint to leave and get out of his life. She would just end up stomping on his heart some more if he agreed to see her again. Even though he had liked her so much, he just couldn't do that to himself. And here she was again thinking only of herself, disrupting this beautiful wedding. But the problem was he had seen how wonderful she could be and how vulnerable she really was and how shallow her bosses were, how they expected her to be a certain person to progress in the world. She had finally got the hint and started walking away but then his heart started to sink. Was she really walking out of his life forever? He had to be strong, he had already said goodbye once. Maybe it was his fault she had come to him, he shouldn't have left that watch for her but he couldn't help it. He could hear the click, click of her heels on the stone floor of the church getting quieter and quieter as she walked out of his life. Looking through the lens at the happy couple, all he could see was an image, her tear stained face etched on his brain, tears caused by his rejection. Well she would know how he felt now. She would be over it in 5 minutes and back fawning over Sam. How could he trust someone like that? When he had wanted a chance for her just to get to know him better, keep the rouse going a bit longer she wasn't interested, she just wanted to run off to Sam. She had walked all over him and he had let her he wasn't about to make that same mistake twice. He had to forget about her; for now this wedding would keep him distracted for a bit but he knew when he got home he would have too much time to think. Kate was distraught by Nick's rejection, naively she thought she could run into Nick's arms and all would be resolved. She was so stupid; she deserved exactly what she got. Not only had she treated him abominably, but she selfishly thought she was more important, that her need to see Nick was more important than the wedding she disrupted. She had heard him talk passionately about his work, she had not timed her conversation well if she had wanted to try and get in his good books. She stupidly thought the feelings that he had for her would overcome all the selfish things she did and that he would forgive them all straightaway. She hadn't thought….., she just wanted to get to him as soon as she could. If only she had realised earlier how special he was and what a creep Sam was. It should have been obvious when he agreed to come to the meal and pretend to be her fiancé, most men would have thought she was a bunny boiler but he had just wanted to help her in any way he could. She would just have to try and get over him, although it would be difficult he had really touched her life. He was a really special guy; she just wished she had seen that earlier. Nick needed to see a friendly face and his mate Sajit was always willing to lend a friendly ear and his wife Susan was the most incredible chef, well that was what she did for a living but she did always seem to cook something extra special when Nick came round. He arrived at their house 8 pm sharp bottle of wine in one hand, flowers in the other. Finally his cast was off and he could grip objects properly again. He hadn't minded putting up with the cast though it was worth it to save that little girl who was doing very well now. He had been to visit her a few times since the fire and he had become pretty attached to her, she was like a niece to him now. Sajit opened the door and grabbed Nick in a bear hug. They had been friends since the first day at school and had been through so much together. 'How's married life treating you mate? Wanting to run away yet?' joked Nick knowing Susan was in ear shot as she popped her head round the corner. Susan reached forward and smacked Nick gently around the head. 'Cheeky, you are just jealous!' she laughed. 'I am' Nick grinned in reply. 'You two are so happy, you are very lucky to have found each other'. 'Any way, come on in stop standing at the door, dinners ready' said Susan beckoning him through into the dinning room. 'Come and tell us what you have been up to, we haven't seen you since our wedding, you are looking very thin, have you not been eating properly?'. Over dinner Nick told them everything that had happened with Kate since their wedding. Susan was gobsmacked 'You are talking about the same girl, my friend Kate? I have got to talk to her, what has happened to her? She was such a good girl, something must have happened to her'. 'Her work colleagues seem to influence her quite a bit' Nick said as he slowly shook his head. 'That Darcy is a bit of a troublemaker sometimes' said Susan. 'Well it was Darcy that made up the whole story of me and Kate and the engagement in the first place to help her along with her career' said Nick. 'And I was silly enough to agree to get involved with it all in the first place, cause I liked her the moment I set eyes on her and hoped that if she got to know me a bit better she might like me too. But she only had eyes for Sam.' said Nick as he slowly moved his food around the plate with his fork. 'Sam the office scoundrel, I know she lusted after him a bit but she knew he had no morals' sighed Susan. 'Well he seemed to be paying her lots of attention once she was engaged' said Nick. 'Yes that sounds like the guy Kate was telling me about, what a creep' said Susan. 'He is a creep, as soon as we had broken off our pretend engagement he wasn't interested in being with her any more. Well at least she really knows what he's like now' said Nick sadly 'I didn't like to see her get hurt by him even though she hurt me'. 'That's cause you are a great guy Nick' said his mate grinning at him. 'I can't help thinking about her, I know I need to forget her I just can't risk her hurting me again I was really falling for her in a big way' 'Nick you really need to eat something or I will think you have gone off my cooking!' Susan said waving her finger at Nick. Susan and Sajits plates were empty and Nick was still moving food around his plate with his fork. 'I'm sorry Susan; I have not had much of an appetite since I left New York. Your food tastes wonderful as always' said Nick. Nick finally did eat some food under the watchful eye of Susan and they sat around talking drinking wine into the early hours. Susan was convinced that Nick should give Kate another chance as she knew she was a wonderful person that seemed to be acting a bit out of character at the moment. Nick was convinced that meeting up with Kate again would not be good for him and would end in disaster and him getting hurt. Nick left in the early hours and was glad that he was taping an evening party the next day and not a morning wedding! Susan knew she had to talk to Kate as soon as possible. As it turned out Kate rang her the next morning. 'Hi Kate I was just thinking of ringing you' said Susan. 'Hey, how was the honeymoon? I have been meaning to ring you since you got back but I wanted to give you your space, newly marrieds' 'It was incredible I would definitely recommend Bali, it is so beautiful and amazing wildlife, snakes and geckos and really cool huge spiders' 'Ok enough of the spiders, you are putting me off that idea, I know you love all living things, but you know spiders freak me out' squeaked Kate down the phone. Susan thought she better change the subject before she scared her friend too much and anyway she had more important things to talk about 'Nick was round here last night'. 'Oh' said Kate, going very quiet on the phone. 'I guess you know the whole story then?, how is he?' she asked cautiously. 'How are you doing Kate? How do you feel about all this?' Susan asked. 'Not good… not good at all. I am so stupid, I feel very sad right now, I really miss him, I realised far too late that I was falling for him and I did all these terrible things, I got swept along on this journey. I thought I was getting my perfect life at last, but the things I thought I wanted were all fake, the perfect career, and the office hunk. Talk about being blind!' 'You should try ringing him Kate' Susan encouraged. 'I have left messages on his answer phone, he never picks up and he never calls me back. He is probably well over me now and found a nice girl to go out with, that's what he deserves'. 'He's not over you; you shouldn't give up on him. He misses you too but he doesn't trust you, maybe he needs some time'. 'Ok I will do that, I don't want to give up on him but I don't want him to hate me any more than he probably does already'. 'If it's meant to be it will work out in the end' said Susan. Months went by and Kate tried ringing Nick again but he never called back. Susan said he had gone off travelling in Australia. Well that was it, she had scared him off so much that he had flown to the other side of the world to escape her. She would just have to face it he really didn't want to be with her and she was going to have to spend her life alone. Nobody was going to meet up to Nick standards in her eyes. At least her career was going well, the bosses were finally taking her work seriously and they didn't care she had no attachments as she was working all hours and leading inspired campaigns. It still didn't fill that hole in her heart that longed for a life companion. In every woman he met, their seemed to be some reminder of her. He was living another country and she seemed to be haunting him. His friends little girl even had the same Cinderella watch he had bought for her nearly brought tears to his eyes. Susan and Sajit decided to have a 1 year anniversary party. Of course both Nick and Kate were invited but Nick was still in Australia and it didn't look like he was coming back any time soon. Kate knew this but it didn't mean that she didn't hope that he would surprise them all by suddenly appearing at the party and lifting her up into his arms. She could dream, she had never got over him, he was the one that got away. Kate walked through the door and saw a man in a tux with his back to her holding a video camera and she thought her heart was going to stop. At that moment the guy turned around, it wasn't him, of course it wasn't him but for a moment she thought it was. That was it, she needed a strong drink, how was she going to get though tonight, all the same people were here as in one year before except that one important person. He was missing. She sat on the bar stool, tears in her eyes trying to pull herself together. Come on Kate this is supposed to be a happy night for your friend Susan. Don't be so selfish you know where that got you before. She was so lost within her own thoughts that she didn't notice the figure sit down beside her until he placed a cocktail glass on the bar in front of her. 'Dirty Martini, still your favourite drink?' said the familiar voice she had longed to hear but never thought she would again. It couldn't be, was she brave enough to turn towards the figure? The disappointment would be too much if it wasn't him. She had to find the courage; she slowly, cautiously turned towards the figure with that familiar voice. He had the same hair, maybe a little bit shorter, and a deep tan from the Aussie sun. She looked into his deep blue eyes and nearly died, he smiled and she thought she was going to collapse. As she slid off her bar stool in surprise she slightly stumbled and he held her gently at the waist to steady her, she was then frozen to the spot not wanting this moment to end before he rejected her outright again. 'Kate, Kate are you ok?' his smiling face changed to a look of concern. 'Are you really here, or am I dreaming?' she stammered. 'I'm definitely here, although I'm miffed with my friend, I have come all this way to be here for the party and they have got someone else to do the videoing I have been replaced!' he laughed. 'Nick you are really here' she reached up to his face and touched his cheek. 'You know I never got over you' she said looking into his eyes. 'I know' he said 'well that's what Susan and Sajit told me anyway when I was skyping them from Oz, I didn't believe them I was still angry and upset then'. 'And how are you now?' she tentatively asked. 'I'm hopeful that this beautiful women standing in front of me would like to dance?' 'I would love to' and she grinned and he kissed her gently on the lips and they danced and gazed into each other's eyes for the rest of night. Susan and Sajit looked on at the couple from the side, 'I knew he would come' Susan said, 'No you didn't' her husband replied 'you just hoped he would like I did, I hope they both can finally be happy, it's been a tough year for all of us!'. ","Summary":" Picture Perfect… how I would end the film I recently got love film instant and I have been watching"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Nothing More Cliche","Author":"LostEverAfter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10256749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nothing More Cliche Chloe's pov After class I always go behind the school to this dried up river to 'study' and do 'homework'. I actually go there to watch Beca Mitchell work on her mixes. Whenever she turns around I act like I'm doing homework or something. I've never talked to her before or anything but she just seems so perfect. I could tell she was different and I liked that. It was a friday which means the weekend is here but what sucks is that I have a report due on Tuesday and I haven't even started. I was sitting by the dried up river actually working on something this time. I've always just went down here to watch Beca work on her mixes. I guess we both have a spot where no one can bother us. I didn't realize I was closer to her then I usually am. I was like three feet away. I was working on my paper when a felt a strong wind that blew it away. \"Shit.\" I went up to get the paper when I saw an extra hand help me. \"Thanks.\" I said and looked up and to my surprise it was Beca. The girl I've been coming down here for. \"No problem. So you have a paper due soon?\" Beca asked and handed me the papers \"Yeah, Tuesday. Sorta ruins my weekend. So are you working on a new mix. \" Shit. I thought to myself. Now she knows I've been watching her. \"Um yeah actually I've been working on this mix that you'd sorta inspired.\" I was taken by surprise. Did Beca Mitchell just say that me Chloe Beale inspired one of her mix's. \"I-I did?\" By now my palms are sweaty, my hearts beating out of my chest, and they're butterflies all over my stomach. \"Y-yeah. You wanna hear it?\" I've never seen Beca show anyone her mixes before. For the first time ever I felt special. \"I-I love to.\" I said and we walked over to where her stuff was. She handed me her handphones and played the mix. It was a mix of titanium. Titanium was my jam. Then out of no where I felt rain drops. \"Oh my god.\" I handed Beca her headphones and helped her put her stuff in her bag. \"Isn't your bag gonna get wet?\" I asked \"Um yeah. We should head inside or something.\" She said and garbed her stuff off the ground. \"Um yeah.\" I said and we walked outside the building where they had a shade. \"Did you stuff survive?\" I asked \"Yeah. It did. Lucky me.\" She said. She laid her stuff on he ground and walked out towards the rain. \"What are you doing? You're gonna get wet!\" I said and followed her. I can't believe I'm doing this. \"Why run from the rain when it does no harm.\" She smiled. \"You're crazy.\" I said and stared to walk away but she pulled my arm and I was now closer then I've ever been with her. \"Maybe I'm crazy but I can always live in the moment.\" She spun me around and now her arm was around my waist. All I could do was smile. I still couldn't believe I was slow dancing with Beca Mitchell. \"You know what would be so cheesy and cliche.\" Beca said and pulled me closer by my waist. I was staring deep into her beautiful blue eyes. Every time I look at them I just melt inside. \"What?\" I asked \"This.\" And next thing I knew her lips were pressed on mine and sparks flew everywhere. I was surprised at first but then I letted her in. \"A kiss in the rain. Nothing more cliche but romantic then that.\" She said \"I bet.\" \"So I was wondering If you wanted to go back to my dorm. Its right over here and I could give you something to wear so you wouldn't have to stay in these wet cloths the whole time.\" She asked. \"Yeah. That'd be great, thanks.\" I said and we walked to her dorm hand in hand. \"Sorry bout the mess. I don't like to clean.\" Beca said. \"It's fine. I don't like to clean either.\" I said then step closer. \"Here you can wear these.\" She said then handed me a pair of cloths. \"I'll go change in the closet.\" Beca said and left. Chloe took her shit off then her pants. \"Oh my gosh! Sorry.\" Beca said as she steeped out the closet. Chloe turned around still in her panties and bra. \"It's okay. I'm pretty confident about all this. I mean you were gonna see this sooner or latter.\" I said and pointed at my body. \"I'm glad that came sooner then later.\" Beca said and walked closer. \"Me too.\" I said and next thing you know Its 10 am and we're wrapped in each other's arm with nothing but a blanket over us. ","Summary":" Nothing More Cliche Chloe's pov After class I always go behind the school to this dried up river to"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Mukiwa","Author":"moonsongbird.95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8512233","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Hello everyone! This is my first Blood Diamond fan fiction, and I hope you all enjoy it.I was disappointed by the lack of BD fics on here…it is such an awesome film! I think it is because the characters are quite challenging to write about, but I really enjoy writing about challenging characters'. I hope Danny is not too out of character, but he is quite hard to read so yeh sorry if he is :p Hope you enjoy, please Read and review :D C/C is welcome :) Xxx Disclaimer: I don't own this film, or Danny Archer, or Leonardo DiCaprio, blah blah blah…I own my own characters and the plot. That is all :p Cape Town, 11 th September, 2002 Danny Archer awoke as usual on September 11th, the rest of the world was mourning the 9/11 attacks from a year ago, he was waking up with a bottle of everything that had happened 3 years ago; he had not been the same since. Sure, he had got Solomon and Dia to safety: and he strangely felt good about Archer was not one to be soft now: after all, he was meant to be ruthless. But really, he did not feel like it. He should have called Maddy again: but he didn't want to interfere in her life. She probably thought he was dead anyway, since he dropped the phone on her. He didn't want to mess her up; they would never have a fairy-tale relationship. She didn't need him anyway. She was better without him, what was he good for anyway? All he ever did was snap at everyone, he didn't do emotion. Not unless it involved his parents, who he had never spoken about to anyone except Maddy. He sighed, and bit his lip to make the mist vanish from his eyes. Far from being dead, he had just been simply too exhausted to continue the conversation. When the NGOS had found him, he had been close to death though: in some ways, he had wanted to die then, knowing that he had done what he needed to do. Maddy got her story, Solomon got his family, and he got his honourable death. But that was not to be: obviously God (who Archer had given up belief in a long time ago) was planning another time. After he got back to South Africa from Sierra Leone, he had gone back to smuggling. What else could he do? He had never known anything but war, smuggling, guns, mercenaries, and fighting. He was not doing diamonds anymore now though; he was doing illegal firearms instead. He didn't feel bad about it: he had to make a living somehow. Some were just a little more illegal than others. Taking another swig of gin, he turned the TV on, and changed into jeans and a t shirt. Archer had never really cared much about fashion: if it was comfy, it was good with him. Knock Knock. Was that someone at the door? \"Weird,\" he muttered to himself. Nobody ever really called here, and the ones that did usually walked straight on in, normally with a gun. So he was surprised to say the least when the knocking continued, followed by a shrill American voice. \"Mister Archer? Is that Daniel Archer in there?\" But everyone thought he was dead, right? Maddy published the article, and told everyone he was dead. So why did they know he was here? Grabbing a gun, he carefully opened the door, to find an American woman in business clothes and an assortment of documents. T.I.A he sighed mentally, and snapped \"Who are you?\" \"I'm from the United States embassy. Are you Daniel Archer?\" she , this woman was annoying. Of course he was, he wouldn't have opened the door otherwise. He told her this, and she seemed more than dissatisfied. \"What do you want anyway?\" he snapped. \"I'm here about Maddy Bowen.\" Archer's eyebrows shot up \"Maddy?\" he choked out, \"Is she alright? She isn't dead, is she?\" She looked at him sympathetically. could not be dead. She was invincible, she was fearless, wonderful, beautiful, amazing… \"I'm afraid so, Mister Archer. Can I come in?\" Great, so this woman had just informed him Maddy was dead, and now she wanted to come in? He tutted, whilst holding back the tears, to no avail. Maddy was the only person who he had ever truly cared for, since his parents died. And this woman was telling him she was dead? \"How do you know who I am,\" he grunted. The woman appeared surprised by this. \"Of course we know who you are, Mister Archer. Just because you are no longer on the system does not mean that we have no idea you are alive. Now, I really need to discuss some things with you so if you will please…\" Archer slammed the door shut in her face. \"Please, Mister Archer. This is very important. Maddy wanted you to hear this.\" The door reopened. Archer stood, whilst the woman sat on one of the sofas, and spread her documents on the table. She turned to face him. \"Mister Archer, I am truly sorry for your loss. Maddy was reported missing in Afghanistan, where she went for her latest ,we, we, we have not heard back for over 6 months now, and our worst fears were confirmed last week when her body was found.\" Archer felt the world stop around him: his beautiful Maddy was gone. He would never see her again, be able to tell her how much she had meant to him. \"Why are you telling me this?\" he breathed, gritting his teeth. He couldn't deal with grief in front of others. \"Well, in the case of this happening, Maddy wrote in her will I have here that she wants you to be contacted, and given a half of the money she has left. She also left this;\" she held up an envelope, \"For you. I am presuming it is some sort of letter.\" Archer nodded, shortly. Why couldn't she just leave and let him grieve in peace? \"Is that all?\" he asked bluntly. She shook her head, vigorously. \"Afraid not, Mister Archer. You might want to sit down for this one.\" He refused. \"Very Well, Mister Archer,\" She sighed, continuing. \"Mister Archer, you have a son.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Hello all :D! Here is the next chapter, I hope you enjoyed Chapter one. Thank you to my first review by Heidi, and everyone who has read so read and review review review :D I love getting feedback, whether it is good or bad.C/C is welcome! Disclaimer: Do not own the film, blah blah blah… xxx Archer could not even hear a word she was saying. Son? What Son? Maddy and he had only had sex once, after the night where she comforted him about his parents. Ah, but you didn't take precautions , a little voice inside his head tusked. This was not happening. Why had she not even told him about it? She must have known by the time he called her that day he was shot… that must have been awful for her, knowing he was dying and she was pregnant. Maybe she thought it best not to tell a dying man that he was going to be a Father, to a child he would never know. It wouldn't have mattered if she had, and he had died, since he would be dead anyway. But he guessed she wanted him to die in peace, being the humanitarian that she was. He felt so angry. Mainly with himself, because he knew he should have called her, and let her know he was okay. He shouldn't have worried about the consequences, if this was what was going to happen. He had seen so many people die, but never realised how much one death affected so many people. All this time, she had thought he was dead, and she had a son. His son. He gulped, guiltily. It must have been hard, so hard, trying to raise a child whose Father was not there. Had she been okay? How had she coped? She must have been alright, he mused, since she visited Afghanistan. That was Maddy alright…stories first, safety second. \"What is his name?\" he asked quietly. \"His full name is Daniel James Dia Archer. He was born on October 10th, 1999, in Boston, Massachusetts.\" Daniel. She named him after him. He felt honour at that, more than he had ever felt in the army, or smuggling, or anything else for that matter. And the name of his own Father, James. He had never even told her that, how did she know? But he was not good enough to be a Father; he thought to himself. Besides, how could he ever look after a child? He was a smuggler, an army Vet, a toughened man who had never cared for anyone else besides himself for the majority of his life. How could he give his own son the love that he needed? \"Look, I'm not good enough to be his Father. She has three sisters, right? Why can't you send him to them?\" The woman smirked. \"She said you would say that, here in her will. She however, insists that you know you have a son.\" \"Great. Well, thanks for telling me.\" \"Mister Archer, she wants you to look after him. It says here, In the case of anything happening to me, I want my son, Daniel James Dia Archer to be sent to his Father, Daniel Archer, who I believe is still alive, but whose whereabouts I am unaware of. I believe that he resides in Africa, most likely Guinea, or South Africa. If however, he is deceased, I want him to live with my eldest sister, Joanne. But instinct tells me that he is not dead. He will, of course, insist he is not good enough. But I insist right back, and I believe that he is a good man, and a good Father. Danny was silent for a few minutes. \"So, do you send him here, or uh… do I go to get him?\" \"Well, it is really your choice. However, if you wanted to go to the US, you would need to sort Visas, work permits, and have a good enough job, health insurance…\" Fuck that, Archer thought. Bring him out here. \"That's him out is his home as much as it is mine,\" he spoke softly. What was happening to him? Usually he just grunted and snapped at people, especially those like this woman. The woman appeared more satisfied. \"Well, that's excellent. We will, of course, have to send him out here under supervision of air attendees, but if you could meet him at the airport on….well, the next flight to Cape Town is from JFK Airport, New York City.\" \"When does that leave?\" he asked. \"Tomorrow, at 1:00PM US Time.\" Archer sighed. He was so scared, so afraid. He could fight soldiers, gun men, and children, anyone with a gun or weapon: But meeting his own son? Come on Archer, a voice said. Do it for Maddy. \"Ja Ja.I'll be there.\" The woman nodded in acceptance of his words. \"Right, well that's that all sorted then. I am so sorry to have interrupted Mister Archer, but with a child things are always more complicated…Sorry for your loss, as well.\" Archer gave a curt nod, as she walked out the door, and tore open the envelope that he had been given, and not let go of from his hand. A picture fell out first: it was of Maddy, and a little boy, in her arms. He had dirty blonde hair, and blue eyes, like Archer, but softer features like Maddy. He had a furrowed brow, like Archer often had when he was frustrated or annoyed. That was his son alright. Hope you enjoyed :D xxx[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Hello again everyone :D hope you are all good, and enjoying the story so far.I have written out the ideas for most of the chapters, and I am really enjoying writing this! Lol, I hope you are all having a good week so far :D Heidi-Thank you so much for your reviews! Glad to have made your day :D Ooh and I'm glad you think I have Archer pegged too, I wasn't sure as he is so difficult to write, haha :p Read and Review please :D! C/C is welcome. Stay blessed, and enjoy the story! Disclaimer: Don't own this,blah blah blah xxxx Archer was petrified. He had never felt so afraid in his life: shit, what if something happened to his son? He had a lot of enemies, who would not be afraid to use his own blood against if he was killed,beaten,or taken away? How was he going to provide for him? Smuggling wasn't stable enough. Sure, it earned lots of money. But he had ironically paid a heavy price for it, and was always looking over his shoulder wherever he went. Archer reached the realisation he was going to actually have to get a legal job, which he had never had aside from the army ( and even that was pushing the boundaries' of legality).He had some bad memories of things he had done in the army, which would never be considered legal. How could Maddy trust him? He couldn't even trust himself… He mulled this over, whilst smoking a packet of cigarettes. It was around 5PM, and his son was due to be arriving around picture and the letters were still gently squeezed into his hands, as his heart refused to let go of them: both mentally and physically. What would his son be like? Would he be rude and obnoxious like himself? Archer hoped that he would be more like Maddy, caring but unafraid. Wonderful, mesmerising, and so strong…Everything that he was not. Sure he acted tough, like he had no heart. But the truth was, Archer did have a heart. He had just forgotten how to use it, for a very long time. Her piercing eyes shot back into his vision, as he remembered… You should get on that plane. H e remembered the pain in her eyes that he had beard witness to, and he knew then that she felt the same as he did. That she loved him, despite knowing all his flaws. That he had found someone he could finally care about. So should you. He wished he had got on that plane now, but what was the point in crying over spilt milk? It wasn't going to change what had happened. Face it Archer , his mind spoke. She's gone, and she ain't ever coming back. It hurt though. So much. He could feel the tears leaking into his eyes, as he slumped onto the floor, clutching the picture still. \"Maddy…\"he choked out, hoarsely. The tears came fast, and his body shuddered with each sob. \"I'm sorry Maddy…so sorry…\" he whispered. Who would have thought it, the day Danny Archer said Sorry? Time passed slowly that afternoon for Archer. Archer awoke abruptly at 7PM, and realised that he had no food in the house. The kid would be hungry when he got here, ja? He thought to himself. Sighing, he realised he would have to relive his worst past time, shopping. Archer sighed, as he made his way around the local supermarket, what do 3 year olds even eat? He wondered. It had been a long time since he was realisation hit that he was running out of time, and he decided to just opt for a take-out instead. His nerves were racking, as he made his way to the airport. Archer never bothered to get a car, so he was walking: it wasn't far anyway. He took another cigarette to calm his nerves, and ran his hand through his hair, as he shuffled into the airport, waiting in a corner, leaning against a wall, behind all the others waiting for family and friends off the flights. Archer couldn't help but wonder what that was like: to feel so loved that people were willing to wait for you as you came home. He never got that love from anyone, except Maddy. No Archer , Don't think about her now . Too much pain. His thoughts were interrupted by an Air hostess. \"Mister Archer?\" she asked, nervously. \"Ja?\" \"We have your son 's just waiting with some of the air crew, if you'd like to follow me.\" \"Ja, Ja.\" The women walked swiftly through the crowds, and Archer trailed behind. She turned every so often, checking he was still there. Why did he get the feeling she didn't trust him? He tutted, quite loudly, gaining her attention. \"Mister Archer, if you do not want your son, we can send him right back to America.\" \"What? I never said I didn't want him,\" Archer's voice was rising, and he felt an angry pulse begin to beat. \"Well, you gave off that impression.\" Archer couldn't be doing with this. He went right up to her face, and spoke quietly, but firmly. \"Listen, my darlin'.I don't care what you think, what impression I give off, or what all these other people think. I am this boy's Father, and I refuse to send him back. This is Africa, and this is his home. You got that?\" She nodded, silently. The rest of the walk was completed quickly. A door swung open, where a couple of air hostesses and pilots were seated behind a desk. They too had an assortment of documents in front of them. What was it with Americans and documents? He sighed, expressing this thought. Archer didn't care though: because right in front of him, with his dirty blonde hair, tanned skin, and blue eyes, was his son. So I know there isn't much action in this chapter, and it mostly just Archer's thoughts and stuff :p But the next one will be better, I promise, haha! Hope you enjoyed. Read and reviewwwwwwww :D :D *free biscuits* Xxxx[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Hi everyone :D hope you enjoyed the last chapter, I'm going to be calling Danny Archer Sr. 'Archer' and his son, Danny Archer Jr. 'Danny'. Just letting you all know to avoid confusion, haha! I just had to post this on the same day, my creativity has been good today, so I am making the most of it :p Read and review :D *free cookies* Stay blessed xxxx After confirming with the Air crew that he was Danny's Father (for some reason, they didn't believe he was) He was free to take his son home: who, by this time, looked very tired. Archer suspected he was jet lagged. Danny walked nervously up to Archer, unsure of what to make of him. Archer decided to start the conversation, as he usually did so. \"Hey, Danny…I don't know if you know who I am, but er…I'm your Dad.\" Danny yawned, as if he were prepared for this. \"I know. Mama showed me your picture lotsa times\". He had a strong American accent, as Archer had expected. It would soon be gone, if he was here long enough, he didn't take long for accents to change, especially on young children. \"Oh, okay my bru… well erm, you want to go home with me now, ja?\" Danny nodded, and Archer didn't know whether to take his hand or pick him up or let him walk beside him or… \"You don't needa pick me up, Dad. Mama jus' holds my hand,\" he said, and slipped his soft little palm into Archer's rough ones. \"Your hand is strange, Dad. It's really rough,\" he laughed. Archer didn't know why that was so funny, but he laughed as well. \"Sure is, did lots of work when i was younger, ja? Now i have strong hands.\" \"That's cool, Dad. I wanna be strong when I be a grown up too,\" he smiled. Archer couldn't help but feel awe at the love he already felt for his son. He was so clever: he had such a sophisticated vocabulary for a 3 year old: yet, he was so innocent. So pure, and beautiful. He wasn't messed up like Archer, nor was he selfish and cynical. This was Archer's chance to start over, to repent for the actions he had taken that were so wrong. But Maddy wasn't there, to tell him what to do, or shout at him, snap, and argue at him when he was doing things wrong. This didn't come with a guide, like all those guns and diamonds he had sold. It was like starting life over. Archer and Danny had walked home pretty quickly, with Danny not saying much due to his tiredness. As they approached the apartment building, Archer felt a sense of fear. Something was wrong. In the building. Something wasn't right. Archer had a good sense of when something wasn't right, even before seeing it: Years fighting in the border wars had created that. Probably one of the few positive things the army had created for him. He then noticed a flicker of a light in his apartment, and the curtain had been moved slightly. Normally, this sort of thing would not faze Archer: he would just do his favourite bang bang , and that would be the end of the matter. But he had a son now: he didn't want him to bear witness to that, or get caught in it. There was no other way though: he would just have to tell him to stay near and stay low. \"Listen, Danny. I want you to be silent, ja?\" he whispered, putting a finger on his son's lips. Danny looked confused, weary with the confusion that had taken place lately. Archer wasn't even sure if he was aware that Maddy was dead, or that he was in South Africa. He was clever, but not that clever yet. \"Why Dad?\" he whispered back. Archer ran a hand through his hair. Think, Archer, Think! His mind screamed. \"Because we're going to play a game, ja? But you must do everything I tell you in this game. If I say get down, get down. If I say run, run. If I say leave, you leave, ja?\" Danny nodded eagerly: he was buying Archer's story of the 'game'. \"Okay, Dad. What we gon' do?\" Archer hesitated. What were they going to do? The people up there were most likely armed, and he couldn't leave Danny around as there would be people on each floor. He had a good idea of who they were: the local weapons barons from Pretoria. And he owned them some payment… He felt around in his pocket for a gun, making sure it was fully loaded. Danny was too tired to notice this, and Archer grabbed his hand, put a finger to his lips, and said \"We going to play guns and war ja? With some of my friends. But you have to stay behind Daddy at all times.\" Danny nodded. Okay, breathe Archer told himself. It'll be fine; you've done this so many times. Archer motioned for Danny to follow him, as they made their way into the building. The door squeaked a little, and Danny's grip tightened on Archer's. The place was silent, except for a few footsteps' behind muffled doors. BANG. Archer turned around before Danny could blink, and shot at where the bang had come from. A man he recognised as Gregory, one of the Baron's right hand men fell down, and Archer sent another shot at him to make sure he was good and dead. Danny appeared unworried: he was still buying the 'game' which was a good thing for Archer. He couldn't deal with answering questions on his lifestyle; it was too complicated, even to explain to someone like Maddy. Maddy…I'm so sorry our son has got to see this. Archer motioned for Danny to follow him up the stairs: his apartment was on the second floor, and they were making their way up to the first one. BANG. Archer turned diagonally to face the attacker, who automatically fell at Archer's shot back. Archer had pushed Danny to the floor; it would have gone straight through him if he had not. \"Y'alright, Danny?\" he asked, picking him up. \"Yeh, Dad. Why are they not moving?\" he appeared worried by this. was trying to think of an excuse. \"They're sleeping, my bru. Don't worry.\" Danny nodded, and they continued up the stairs. They were entering the pivotal zone now. Archer knew this was a life or death situation. He didn't care about himself: he just wanted Danny to be okay. Why did he have to make the wrong choices all the time? But there wasn't time to think. Archer wouldn't t have bothered to come back, but all his money, documents, ID, and guns were up there. He couldn't escape to another city, let alone out the country without them. He turned to face Danny. He couldn't take him up those stairs. It was too dangerous. He would have to stay here. \"Listen, Danny. I want you to lie down, very still. Don't move, ja? I don't want you to make a sound, just breathe. Lie down behind that man over there, and when Dad comes back down, you can move. But if you don't, then we lose the game, ja?\" \"Okay, Dad. I no move.\" Archer squeezed his hand, and he remembered squeezing Maddy's in a similar life or death situation. Not now, Archer. Don't think of her now. Danny was lying perfectly still, and Archer gave one last check, before heading up the stairs. It was show time. Dun Dun Dun :D Cliffy! Hope you all enjoyed. Please Review :D They make my day! C/C is welcome. xxxx[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Hi everyone! Thank you very much to Heidi and Emelis for your reviews :D! Haha, the update is here Heidi! Hmm, we'll have to wait and see about Maddy, there may be an appearance, despite her 'death':p But all in good time my friend, all in good time, haha! Oh, and I also have decided to change a few dates. Instead of it being 2002,I have decided to make it September 2003 ,since I feel Danny is acting older than he is meant to be, instead of being nearly 3 ,he is now nearly 4. I want Danny to be older, to make his awareness and understanding greater, since they are important in the story and his relationship with Archer. Hope that all makes sense, lol. Anyways, on with the story! Read and review :D! C/C is welcome! Stay blessed Xxxx Breathe, Archer, Breathe. Archer was shuffling round the corner, with the gun clasped in his right hand. The door to his apartment was within his sight. He figured that since he would have been attacked by now, the last weapons' baron must be inside. Probably one of the highest members: the boss would never risk his life. \"Coward,\" Archer muttered. He soon regretted muttering a word, as a figure quickly came out of his door. Shit. \"What you say, Archer?\" he smirked, pointing his gun at Archer. It was Emmanuel, who had once been Archer's friend: although, Archer didn't really have friends. More like an ally, who had now turned against him. \"Emmanuel…why you point that gun at me fo'?\" Archer said calmly. He knew he had to get rid of Emmanuel, although it would not be nice to kill a former ally. Oh well. Nothing he hadn't done before. \"Me? Archer, you ask me? What about you? Why you poin' your gun at me too fo'?\" \"Because I knew someone was here, my bru.\" Emmanuel chuckled. \"Listen, Archer. The Boss wants his shares, and your time is up. You give me the shares now, or bang bang\" he motioned with the gun \"Archer goes to sleep.\" What a nice way of putting it, Archer thought. \"Ah, so the boss wants his payments. Tell you what, Emmanuel. You let me into that apartment, ja? All my money in there,\" he showed his empty pockets for proof. \"See? I have no money on gun' let me now, ja?\" Emmanuel nodded, and followed Archer, pointing a gun at his back. He walked slowly into the apartment, which Emmanuel noticed. \"Ey, you hurry up now Archer.\" Archer stumbled over, onto his back. His eyes closed, as he pretended to hit his head on the floor. \"Archer? Ey, Mister Archer?\" I'm So Sorry, my Bru. BANG. Emmanuel fell onto his back, as Archer jumped back into life. He staggered backwards, joining Archer on the floor, clutching the wound in his chest. His breathing was raspy, eyes were flickering. \"Archer…It was you or me, ja?\" Emmanuel breathed. \" I understand, Archer.\" Archer nodded shakily. \"T.I.A, right, my bru?\" Archer nodded again. \"T.I.A Emmanuel,\" he whispered back. The regret was etched into Archer,and could taste it on his tongue. Emmanuel's breathing became less and less, until it stopped. His eyes stopped flickering, and the pulse abandoned his body. Gone. Another African son, gone. Archer sighed, and packed his numerous ID's, passports, documents, guns, and money. He also carefully slipped the letter and picture from Maddy into his pocket, and left the apartment. The boss would send some more men out soon to check the mission, and to pick up any bodies. The few residents who inhabited the building would not interfere, nor would they call the Police: that was, if they wanted to stay alive. Closing the door, he shouted hoarsely. \"Danny? Ey, Danny, its okay. The game is finished now, ja?\" Weird, why isn't he replying? Archer turned the corner to find his son sitting pale faced, and teary eyed. His eyes were focused on the body in front of him. \"Dad…why is he not br..br…breathing?\" he sobbed. Archer was not prepared for this. He took Danny's hand into his own, which was promptly rejected. \"Dad…Mama said that if you stop breath…breathing, you go to live wit' the angels'\". Archer gulped. His son was too smart. All Maddy's genes he suspected… \"Dad…you sent them to angels, didn't'cha?\" Archer sat down next to Danny. \"Listen, Danny. Those people, there? They were gon' kill you and Dad hadn't sent them to the angels, we wouldn't be here,ja?\" Danny broke into tears again. \"What if they has babies? And chil'run?\" Archer didn't usually think about such matters. It was life or death: who had the most children didn't come into the matter. \"Well, they'll be very happy to know he's with the angels, don't worry about it, ja?\" Danny wasn't buying this response, and the tears relapsed. Archer didn't know what to do: did he hug him, tell him it was going to be alright? Or did he tell him to man up, stop making a fuss, and start walking? The latter was how Archer had been raised since he was 9: he could only vaguely remember his parents, but the memory of finding them dead remained etched in his mind. Warning: this scene contains violence and rape, and has an M rating. If you don't like it, don't read it! It was a warm day, in the vast savannahs' of Rhodesia. The sun was basking over her scenery, and a relaxed but tense atmosphere was arousing. The majority of Rhodesian adults had been tense for a few weeks, since the bush war had come to this area. Danny Archer was pretty much oblivious to all of this though: he had been hunting bush meat, and was now sharpening his knife. He was tanned from the sun, which his body was used to since birth. Light freckles sat on his nose, and his teeth were pearly white. He wore a pale blue t shirt, along with khaki shorts. He had been told to stay in a 2 mile radius of home by his Mother, which he had of course, broken. It was getting near to dinner time now though, and he decided to head on home. Since he had no watch, time was judged by the sun: she was now starting to turn a scarlet orange shade. The crickets were whistling to one another, and he could see the various creatures moving, as shards of light glinted through trees branches. His beloved Rhodesia was always awake. On entering the farm, Archer sensed something was not right. It was silent, absolutely silent. Except for muffled sounds in the barn. Archer moved nearer towards it, but also kept his distance. There were two entrances to the barn: he took the back, just to be safe. There was a slight crack in the door, and he was able to see through it. He wished he had never looked though. In front of him, a soldier in dark green was on top of his Mother. His beautiful Mother, with her luscious blonde hair, and voice, that made him crave more of her love every time she called him 'boekie'. The soldier had a hand over her mouth, and was fiercely moving. Archer wasn't dumb: he knew what rape was. He couldn't breathe. Please, go, he prayed. Please God, make them go, and leave Mum alone. The soldier moved, and his Mother did not. The rest of his crew behind him began to jeer, slurring insults at her. Archer wanted to do nothing more than go in and rescue her, but he would be a fool to do so. Archer looked up to find them pointing guns at his Mother, all on her head. He could hear her screams, which would remain etched in his memory forever. The guns blasted, and blood gushed. Archer turned away, and vomited quietly. He was shaking violently: he couldn't breathe, and had to put a hand over his mouth to prevent himself from screaming. His own Mother had just been killed before his eyes, and he could not even mourn her. That was not the end to his torture though. He soon saw the soldiers bring his Dad out a corner of the barn, leering at him: most likely about his now dead wife. He was gagged, and his wrists were tied together. Oh Dad, Archer thought. I love you, Dad. Tears were rolling down his cheeks: he knew that his Father was not going to come out that barn alive, and his soul had already begun grieving. The soldiers were beating his Father to a bloody pulp, stamping on his face, chest, legs, back: anywhere that they could. They had knives, and were slashing onto his arms, and face. One of the soldiers took a knife, and the left arm, writing the word 'Mukiwa' heard them speak. \"That's what you are. You jus' a stupid is our country, not yours. You think cus we aren't white, we too dumb to do anything? Think again, jus' a dumb, dirty, disgusting Mukiwa, who is now gon' get what you deserve.\" he chuckled at the last part. Anger burned within Archer: this was his Rhodesia, not theirs! They had no right to be on this land, it belonged to the Archer family. James Archer, his Father, was born was his Father, and the one before that. Archer didn't even know where his family originally came from: probably England or Holland, like most White-Rhodesians. But there had never been problems before, right? Archer had Black friends, and White friends. He had grown up with Black and White, and never noted any differences. He didn't care about the skin colour. Archer's Father had not cared about the colour of skin: he had never said anything against the Black people of their country, in fact, he had embraced them. As a young child, he was introduced to several of his Father's friends, who were Black: he had the upmost respect for them, and called them all 'Uncle'. So to call his Father racist disgusted Archer more than anything. Just because he was a white boy did not make him any less African. This was Rhodesia, and it always would be for Danny Archer. The bile was rising in his throat now, as the soldiers pointed their guns at his Father's head. His blood too gushed out, and he lay still. At least he isn't in pain anymore, Danny comforted himself. The tears wouldn't cease though, and he turned around as he heard a sharp clanging sound. The bile wouldn't stay down this time, as he saw his Dad's decapitated form on the floor. The soldiers were laughing and cheering, and Danny couldn't even cry anymore, as he was so shocked. They continued to jeer. The one that had raped his Mother hung up his father's head onto a hook: Archer remembered that was where they used to hang a tyre from a rope. They then continued to prod the head with the butts of their guns for a few more minutes, before leaving. On leaving, one soldier grabbed a paint brush and can of paint from his large pocket, and scrawled onto the barn wall 'Mukiwas Out'!' They left, and the farm was silent again. Archer did not move for what felt like years, and then ventured into the barn. His parents were well and truly gone. Archer held back the tears this time though: he would show them. He would show them what a Mukiwa was. And he would gain back his beloved Rhodesia, even if he paid his life for it. He remembered what his Father had once said to him: \"T.I.A Danny. This is Africa. Things happen here that don't happen anywhere else, ja?\" T.I.A he repeated, as he walked out the farm gates with his belongings. He promised he would not return here until the day this country was back to how he wanted her to be. However long it took. Phew! I think that was quite a long chapter for me, haha.I hope you enjoyed it, despite the gory details, I always wondered about Archer as a child and how he felt about witnessing the deaths of his parents, along with the impact it made on him. The deaths obviously affected his character a lot, so I thought I would include it here. Oh,and the word 'Boekie' is a term of affection in Afrikaans,similar to sweetie/honey.I thought that despite living in Zimbabwe,I would make Archer's Mother Afrikaaner,lol. Read and reviewwww :D! C/C welcome. xxxxx[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Hello again :D! Sorry for the longer update guys, I went out on Friday night to a friend's birthday, and I have been busy with homework and stuff, along with my laptop crashing several times. But I won't forget to update, so do not fear :p Heidi- Good idea! I was thinking of doing that at some point, but I want to make sure I write it well before attempting it, lol. Anyways, on with the story :D! Read and reviewwwwwwww :)! C/C is welcome. Stay blessed Xxxx Archer came back to reality with a bump. Danny was still crying silent tears, and had what looked like a 1,000 yard stare- Archer recognised it, having spent enough time in the army. He figured maybe all Danny needed was physical affection right now, and carefully approached him from where he was sitting across the corridor. \"Danny…it's okay, ja. Everything will be okay,\" he mumbled gently, into his son's hair, balancing him against his chest, to no avail, as tears continued. \"Hey, Danny, what's wrong, huh?\" Archer tipped Danny's chin, \"What's wrong my bru? They've gone to the angels now. No more pain,ja?\" Danny shook his head. \"Not them. Where's Mama?\" Archer froze. What kind of child didn't know their own Mother was dead? Shit, now he was going to have to explain, and fast, because they needed to get out of Cape Town sooner rather than later. Suddenly, he had an epiphany. What was it that Forrest Gump's Mother had told him, in that film? He remembered vaguely going to see it with a couple of other army Vets, just after Apartheid ended. The memory was still clear in his mind, and felt no more than a few days old. \"Your Mother…she… er…she is on vacation, ja? She's just gone… for a long time.\" \"What's vacation?\" \"Vacation is where you go somewhere, for a long time. You might come back, you might not: it's a surprise,ja?\"Archer could feel the lump rising in his throat. Not now, Archer. Don't cry, not in front of your own son. Man up. Danny nodded tearfully. \"But I miss her,\" he whispered, choking up. Archer sighed, and pulled him into his chest again. \"She always here really, my bru. In your,\" Archer swallowed to stop himself crying too, \"In your heart.\" Danny cried for a few more minutes, whilst Archer said nothing, contemplating what they were going to do now. Archer knew full well that they could not stay here for any longer- The boss' men would arrive soon, and then they would both die. Maddy wouldn't want that, right? Archer swallowed again. They had to get out of South Africa, as far away as possible. He couldn't go back to Zimbabwe- not yet, he wasn't ready. He had convinced himself that the only reason he would return would be to show Maddy how beautiful it was, but she wasn't here anymore, so he figured that he would never return. Not in this life, anyway. Lesotho, Botswana, Mozambique, Namibia… still all too near. They would track him down. Where could they go? Archer suddenly received a brain wave- Ghana. Solomon was living there now, right? Archer had last heard he was in Accra, the capital, after not wanting to go back to Sierra Leone quite yet, since the war only finished a year ago: but nor had he wanted to go somewhere outside of Africa. Nobody ever understood why they all stayed in Africa, when they could easily just immigrate to America or Europe. Then again, nobody really understood Africa at all. Archer was about to tell Danny that they were going to Ghana, but then realised he had fallen asleep. His breathe was rising deeply, and was now peaceful, and Archer decided not to further his pain by waking him. \"I'm sorry, Danny,\" he whispered, tentatively. \"For this and everything else.\" Sorry your Mother is gone, and I'm not good enough. Sorry you've already seen so much death and pain, and suffered. Sorry, my son. Archer gazed out of the window for the majority of the plane journey to Ghana, turning his head slightly to check Danny was alright every few minutes. He was still blissfully sleeping, unaware that he was being flown to another country in a space of 48 hours. \"Ladies and Gentlemen, please fasten your seatbelts: we are preparing for landing,\" a loud woman's voice said over the intercom. Archer gently shook Danny, figuring it would be best to wake him before actually telling him they were in yet another country. \"Danny, Ey Danny? Y'alright?\" Archer asked, half snapping half concerned. He didn't mean to snap- he was just so used to it. Danny nodded briefly, whilst taking in his surroundings. \"Dad…Where are we?\" \"We on a plane, ja? We going to Ghana, to see erm...\" Excuses, Archer, excuses. \"To see Dad's old friend. Like a little break,\" he gave an attempted smile, which Danny seemed to , he was not asking too many questions. Yet. Archer was quite nervous to be seeing Solomon- although they had remained in correspondence, it had been at least 3 years since they had both seen one another. Archer hadn't bothered to tell Solomon they were coming to his house- he didn't do organised. The plane landed, and Archer wished that he had gotten on a very different plane in 1999. \"Ah, what's the point?\" he mumbled to himself. Archer didn't waste time at check in, and all that- he didn't want to spend any more time than needed in the airport. Danny clasped onto his hand: he was afraid, Archer could sense it. \"Don't be scared, Danny, ja?\" Archer thought that this kid needed toughening up a bit, if he was quite honest. But, then, again, that was just his opinion. What would Maddy do? He thought, whilst deciding whether to get a taxi or not. It was still light, and the air was warm- Archer decided it would be better to just walk. Besides, his muscles could do with some moving after the flight. \"Come, Danny, we going to walk, my bru.\" Danny nodded, his tanned skin already becoming darker- he would be tanned and unrecognisable before the month was out. They passed through the bustling streets, markets, and stall after stall selling everything from traditional foods to the latest American films. Archer walked quickly: despite being so far away, he still knew people, and wanted to avoid them. Eventually, they reached Solomon's house: it was a modest size, with 3 bedrooms. Archer didn't really mind how much space there was, as long as his son was safe. Hesitantly, he knocked at the door. What if Solomon refused to let him in? He hadn't exactly been nice to him for a lot of their time together…things change though, as do people…right? As Archer's thoughts swirled around yet again, the door opened, and he was greeted by the person who had least expected to ever see him again. \"Mr Archer?\" Hope you all enjoyed :D I know this one was kind of short, but anyways hope it was still good- I'm trying to keep Archer in character; I hope I'm doing okay, haha. Please please read and review :D! Reviews are so wonderful to receive.C/C is welcome! xxxx[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Hello everyone! I am sorry for not updating for so long: I had bad writers block, and didn't want to write something for the hell of it, I want to actually make it good, lol :p I guess I just got caught up in things, but I am here to stay now, woo! So, here is the next chapter, hope you are all doing good and enjoy the story :D Words in italics are Solomon's thoughts. Please read and review, they make my day! C/C is welcome. Xxx Solomon Vandy had not expected to see Danny Archer again, especially here in his own home. It would be one of those moments where they caught each other by chance, as opposed to actually arranging something. But no, he was wrong. Because right in front of him now, was none other than Archer himself, and what appeared to be a small blonde boy. Archer looked exhausted, but also noticeably troubled. There was sadness to him that Solomon had never seen, except the day he had left Maddy, telling her to get on the plane. No, Archer had not wanted her to: Solomon could see that he loved her. He never mentioned it, but he knew. Come to think of it, where was Maddy Bowen these days? Whilst mulling these thoughts, Solomon returned to reality, and coughed hesitantly. \"Mister Archer? Is that really you?\" \"Ja ja, my friend. It's me,\" he softly spoke, whilst giving a small laugh. It wasn't a happy laugh though: it was painful. What on earth had happened to him? And who is this boy? Where is Maddy? But he did not ask these questions, as he respected Archer, and knew if he crossed the line, he would feel the wrath. \"Well, what are you doing here?\" \"It's a long story, bru. Do you erm, mind if we come in?\" Solomon nodded, and opened the door wide enough to let them ,his wife was not in today, and had gone to the local primary school where she worked looking after nursery age children who were too young to be enrolled in formal education. His children, Dia and N'Yanda , were at school, whilst his youngest daughter was at a family friend's house. Solomon led Archer and Danny into his modest kitchen, and asked if they wanted anything to eat. Archer shook his head, and Danny said no as well. Weird, he has an American accent. But I thought Archer has never been to America? Danny had fallen asleep against Archer pretty quickly, whilst Solomon had made himself something to eat. \"Mister Archer, do you want to put him in the lounge? We have a chair he can sleep in.\" \"Ja that would be great, Solomon. None of this mister stuff though, bru, I'm not that important,\" he smiled. Did Archer just smile? Archer never smiled. Not genuinely anyway. He smirked, all the time, but smiling? As Archer came back into the kitchen, Solomon found he could no longer resist asking his questions, and closed the door gently: he knew this conversation could provoke loud voices, and did not want to wake the little boy. \"Ok, Archer, what's your game?\" Archer looked at him, confused. \"What game?\" \"This. You, here. What do you want from me, huh? You want some money or something?\" Archer laughed, again, painfully. \"No, Solomon, I don't want your money.\" \"Then why are you here? You haven't wanted to visit before. Ey, and who is the little boy?\" At these words, Archer's eyes glistened over. \"Archer, I can't help you if you don't tell me.\" He got up quickly from the table of a sudden. \"Fuck off Solomon; I don't want your help. I just happened to be here, ja? Thought I would pay you a visit.\" Solomon walked right up to him. \"You're lying, Archer. What is it?\" Archer pushed him away, and Solomon pushed him back, quite strongly. \"Fuck off, you keffa.\" That was it, Solomon lost it. Nobody insulted his skin colour and got away with it, even Danny Archer. Solomon and Archer rolled around on the floor, punching each other, and Solomon had the strength to get up and push him against the wall. \"You never call me that again, you got that Archer? I don't care if you don't mean anything by it, this is my home. I will not be insulted in my own home.\" He dropped Archer to the floor, and resumed his position on a chair. \"She's gone,\" Solomon heard a whisper, \"She's fucking gone!\" that had now turned into an anguished cry. Solomon peered down. \"Who is gone?\" Archer didn't speak for what felt like hours, until the word \"Maddy,\" tumbled out his mouth. And then Solomon understood. Solomon's heart stopped as the word 'Maddy' came out. She could not be dead; she was the most resilient person that he had ever known, aside from Jassie and his children. He looked down at Archer, and realised that she must be gone though: but nobody had heard from her for years, and even if she was dead, how did Archer find out? \"Archer, you don't have to talk to again, but I cannot give you whatever it is you need if you do not.\" Realising he was defeated, Archer slouched up. He had not intended on telling Solomon, but now he figured he had no other choice. It was that, or back to South Africa: and he was not willing to do that. He climbed up onto a chair opposite Solomon, and lit up a cigarette, inhaling deeply. Solomon did not look too pleased about the prospect of smoking in his house, but Archer did not really care about this. Solomon stared at Archer until he opened his mouth and spoke. Spoke about the woman that had turned up on his doorstep that day, to inform him Maddy was dead. Not only was she dead, but she had left a son behind: their son. The son that had been created in a moment of rough love, where needs were greater than consequences. A moment where Archer had never felt more alive or understood. Of course, Archer did not tell Solomon all these feelings, but he told him what had happened. About how he had gone to the airport to collect his son, and come home to find a set up. How his son nearly died, South Africa was too dangerous, and how he had had to kill people in front of his own child. And how Solomon was the only person in all of Africa who would understand all this. Solomon did not interrupt him, whilst he told him the story. After he finished, he stopped, lighting up another cigarette. Solomon sighed. \"I'm sorry about Maddy, Mister Archer.\" \"Not your fault, my bru. Ah... what's the point in crying over spilt milk, huh?\" he said, whilst attempting to stop the tears in his eyes. \"You know, just because you talk about your feelings does not make you weak .\" Archer laughed. \"No. No it certainly does not. But I can't remember the last time I talked about my feelings.\" Except with Maddy, he thought to himself. Stop it. Don't think about her anymore. You'll get yourself all emotional again. \"So, Mister Archer, what exactly do you want from me?\" Archer thought. What did he want? All he really wanted was Maddy. But that wasn't possible, so he figured Danny was his number one priority right now. \"I want Danny to be safe, really. I want him to go to school, when he is a bit older. I need to sort out his South African passport as well, and I figured we could erm…\" \"You want to stay here, in my house.\" Solomon finished the sentence. Archer looked at him, as though he were too embarrassed to ask for such a thing. \"Ja. It would not be for too long, just until…\" Solomon cut him off again. \"Mister Archer, you saved my family and I. However much of an idiot you are,\" Archer smirked at this, \"My house is yours too, as I can never repay you for what you did for me.\" Archer gulped. Why were people so kind to him? He didn't deserve their kindness; he had lost his kindness a long time ago. \"Thank you, Solomon.\" And that was all that was said on the matter. Solomon smiled, as Danny walked in. \"Dad, when are we going home?\" he asked,as though he were afraid of the answer. Archer finished his cigarette, crouching down to his son's height, gently ruffling his hair. \"This is home now, Danny.\" Yay, another chapter! *applause* I hope you guys liked it, things are moving kinda slow at the moment but I'm one of those people who write lots of detail, lol. I have some ideas for future chapters, this is not a short story, I just take long to update, haha :) This is not going to be all fluffy Father and son scenes either , there will be more action too, and events that I have planned, hehe. Keffa- this is basically an insult for a Black person. I got it out of the scene where Archer and Solomon are fighting on their hike. All reviews are welcome please :D! I love a review, they make my day. C/C is welcome, and if you have any ideas or scenes you would like to see in future chapters let me know too! xxx[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Hi everyone! I apologise greatly for not updating this story. I just got so busy with my last year of college, and very stressed about my exams. I felt it was best to put it on hold until I actually had the time to do I am now on a 3 month summer holiday, so updates are now back :D Thank you for pointing out my error Zaina, sorry for the misspelling! My writing may be a little rough around the edges as I haven't written in a while, but stay with me because I promise it will get better! Haha. Thank you to all my readers, and every review is really appreciated. C/C is welcome. Xxx Solomon Vandy was unsure as to what the reaction of his wife and children would be concerning the dirty, ragged, rough blonde man; currently, smoking in his front living room. He supposed he would have to tell him to stop it, since Jassie was strongly against anything such as smoking or alcohol in the house, worried for her children's health above anything. \"Ey, Archer, you gonna have to stop all that when my wife gets back. She don't like it in the house.\" Archer twisted his head back, and inhaled the fumes sharply, tobacco penetrating into the depths of his lungs'. A curt, but understanding nod of the head was his only response. Solomon glared at Archer- Why had I let him stay here again? But then he remembered how if it were not for this son of a bitch lying on his comfortable,orange sofa, his beloved family would not even be here, God knows if they would even still be alive. No. He had a lot of thanks owed to Mr Archer, however much of a pain he may be. A door swung open onto the porch, with the hustle and bustle of his wife and children entering. Solomon's face automatically lit up, his eyes firing pride for all the world to see over them. Dia was now a young man of 14, gaining height each day according to his Mother. Despite all the therapy and treatment he had received after leaving Sierra Leone, along with his former life as a child soldier, Solomon knew this child would never fully recover; his scars were more than skin deep, and the howls from his nightmares that still plagued the pits of his dreams spoke for themselves. His daughter N'yanda was now more than the toddler she had once been; 3 years had passed, and for a child, it might as well have been a lifetime. Although she had no strong definitive memories of the conflict, Solomon knew that this was irrelevant, since it would most likely have still impacted on her mind. Sometimes she would wake from her night terrors, with small tears gently running down her smooth mahogany cheeks, mumbling about guns and a metal fence, most likely a memory of the refugee camp. The smallest of the children, Nola, was now nearly 4, and had no recollection of the conflict at all. In fact, Solomon thought it was best kept this way until she was capable of understanding what a war even was, safe in the knowledge that humans all loved one another. He didn't think she needed to know the cruelty of humanity quite just yet. Solomon's thoughts were again disrupted by the shouting of his wife, Jassie. \"Solomon, who is the gentleman lying on our sofa?\" she asked dryly. He smiled, and slowly closed the kitchen door so as not to let the children overhear the argument he felt was about to brew. \"Jassie, do you remember Mr Archer?\" Her eyes became slits. \"Of course I remember him,\" she whispered, \"But why is he on my sofa?\" Solomon licked his lips, tentatively attempting to explain the presence of Archer and his son. \"Well, you see, Jassie, Mr Archer here…he's in a bit of trouble. Eh…\" \"What trouble could he possibly be in, Solomon?\" she snapped, \"We already have 3 mouths to feed, I cannot have another under our roof as well!\" with, her eyes blazing in torment and disgust at her husband's thoughtless mistakes. \"Jassie…\" he pleaded. She turned her head away. \"I want him out the house by morning, Solomon.\" I'll try and persuade her one last time… \"Jassie, he has a son. Please. Listen to me, for one minute, hey?\" Her head turned. \"Go on,\" she said. \"They have…nowhere to go. Archer got no place back home safe enough for him… and his Mother is dead. Remember that photographer woman when you were in the refugee camp?\" Jassie nodded. \"That was his Mother. She was a very dear friend to Mr Archer, and he just needs some time…\" She raised her hand. \"Alright. He can stay. But only because I feel sympathy for that poor little boy. Speaking of which, I'm yet to meet him. Where's he got to?\" A small figure emerged from behind the kitchen door where the conversation had been taking place. He looked weary; weary of this strange new continent, these strange new people, and strange new places. \"Can I go to bed please?\" he asked, in a small mousy voice, despite it only being mid-afternoon. Jassie looked like she was going to cry, Solomon contemplated. \"Danny, where is your Father?\" He shrugged. \"Not sure. He went out.\" \"Come on, little one,\" Jassie smiled. \"Let's get you into a bed, yes?\" Danny nodded. It had been a long, hard, tiring first few days in Africa for his little heart. He wasn't quite sure what the lady at the place with the cars that had blue lights meant when they said his 'Mommy wasn't coming back any more' and that he was 'going to live with Daddy in a new place called South Africa'. He hadn't expected it to be so far away, or quite like this. He wished that his Mother was here now, to stroke his hair, and tell him how beautiful he was, just like his Father. But she was on vacation, right? Maybe she would come back, he figured. Everyone always comes back in the end. Archer returned back from his walk out in Accra at around midnight. He had gone out to clear his mind, mostly. He still couldn't get over the fact he had a son. Sometimes he didn't know what he was doing, raising that little boy in there, who depended on him for everything. He knew it was strange, but over the past few years, he had found writing to Maddy helped a lot with the pain. First the pain of not seeing her, and now the pain of her death. He slumped out at a bench in a little park, by some small shops selling groceries. Hesitantly, he picked up the pen, as if he were afraid to write. He never truly liked to express his feelings, even to himself. Dear Maddy, he started, I love you and miss you still, more than I can ever say. When that lady came and told me that you were gone…darlin' I don't think I've ever experienced that much pain in life. Not since my parents died. God, Maddy, why the fuck did you need that story, huh? You didn't need to go to Afghanistan. Fuck, it hurts me so much knowing that I'm alone in this world except for our son. Nobody has ever loved me except you since I have no family left. I don't even think our son loves me. I don't think I know how to be a Father .I know you insist right back, ja ja, but… darlin' I don't even know what it is to be a kid. To be young, and happy, not worrying about anything…No. How the fuck can I raise one myself? But I do love the kid, you know? Ah, he is so beautiful. So good, so full of life. I want him to be like that forever, ja? I'll do my best, but I can't keep no promises. I was never a very good promise keeper. I'm sorry if I'm not doing good so far, what with what happened back in South Africa with the barons…but going to try and keep him safe now, ja? I'll try and love him, and all that stuff. If I mess the fuck up, I apologise. Like I say, I'm not the ideal person for this job but he's my son, and he deserves his Father. I wish you were here still. Some nights the pain… it's too much, you know? Before Danny, I thought about…. Oh, it doesn't matter, darlin'. I don't really want to talk about it. It'll just make both of us sad. I've had enough sadness for a lifetime. This little boy…he's my only chance of ever gaining back the happiness, and putting my heart back together, ja? Cus I'm scarred too Maddy…scarred too deep to even mend. But I can try. I'll keep trying. Archer Hope you enjoyed the chapter everyone, please review! I wanted to focus on Jassie and Solomon with their family, because I think we never really know that much about all of them. I also made up the name for the youngest daughter, because in the film I think she doesn't have one. Chapter 9 will be up soon (hopefully, haha). xxxx ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Hello everyone! This is my first Blood Diamond fan fiction, and I hope you all enjoy it.I"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Goosebumps 2: Welcome to Horrorland","Author":"OfficialWhiteFireTheDragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12133801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The harsh desert sun beat down on the harsh landscape and the lone girl. She gazed around at the barren earth. To anyone else this was a wasteland but it was perfect for her purposes. Dominic looked down at the black manuscript. The name R. L. Stine was imprinted on the cover. It had been three long years since she had made that promise. She had been much more naïve back then and hadn't realized how long it would take to obtain the necessary resources and skills to perform this but now she was ready. Her long blonde hair glowed brighter as she absorbed the energy of the sunlight. Her eyes glowed purple as she raised her arms. The environment responded to her commands changing and shifting to a more luscious green. Water erupted from the ground forming several large bodies of water. The largest one turned black and became salt water. The ground shook as massive caves formed beneath the ground. That had been the easy part. Now came the hard part. Dominic's eyes turned completely purple as the magic flowing through her grew stronger and she spoke ancient words of power. Around her a theme park began to form around her. She made everything a bit bigger than needed. Dominic smiled at her accomplishment before moving on to form a large residential area. She formed territories for each of the monsters. A densely packed forest for the werewolves. An icy tundra for the abominable snowman and the snowman of Sherpia. Even a forest full of strange plants where the beasts could play their deadly game of tag. Dominic spoke another spell so that game and fish would appear within the territories. The weather was also meant to be different than the outlying desert Her final task was her hardest and she was becoming tired. Dominic took a deep breath as she began to create a barrier bordering the territory. To anyone without magic the barrier made it look as if the area was just more desert. No way google earth or any other satellites would pick up on this place. It even had the added effect of deterring humans from the area. She did not want an unsuspecting human stumbling in here and getting themselves killed. It would also keep these specific monsters within. They would not be happy being confined like this but at least they wouldn't be trapped in the book anymore. The sound of heavy wing beats caught her attention. Dominic looked up to see a black dragon pass through the barrier. No not a dragon, a draconidaes. She recognized her friend Ashley, or Keigo as she was called in her dragon form. She shifted into her human form in a flash of blue fire. Ashley was a heavy set girl with shoulder length, dirty blonde hair and green eyes. \"This is a terrible idea.\" Ashley commented. \"I don't think so.\" Dominic countered. \"How could this possibly be a good idea to put all these different monsters together?\" Ashely questioned. \"You didn't see what I saw. They may not be the same but by fought together. Granted it was to kill their creator but still, it gave me hope that they could be something more.\" Dominic said. Ashley sighed knowing she was not going to talk her friend out of this. Even she had to admit if they could pull off this crazy plan, things might tart to change for monsters everywhere. \"The wizards aren't going to like this.\" Ashley commented. \"The wizards don't like that our magic is stronger than theirs either but there's not a lot they can do about it either.\" Dominic stated. They both chuckled at this. Dominic glanced at the sun. They had about an hour and a half of daylight left. \"Let's do this.\" Dominic commanded. Ashley hesitated. \"You look really tired. Are you sure you're up for this.?\" She asked. \"I'm fine.\" Dominic assured. They both shifted into partial forms. They both appeared human save for the dragon wings and tail. Their eyes glowed purple and they had sharp teeth and claws. Ashley drew the shadows towards them and formed a massive canopy overhead blacking out the sun. The two draconidaes stood back to back. \"If this goes south you drop this shadow and get out of here as fast as you can. Don't worry about me.\" Dominic commanded. Ashley nodded. Dominic broke the lock and opened the book throwing it to the ground. A violent wind picked up as the monsters began to climb out to the book one by one. Each monster was forced to move aside to allow the next to pass. Dominic ignited a ring of fire around herself and Ashley. The monsters moved around them to the boundary of the shadow. Finally, the last of the monsters made his way out of the book. Slappy, the living dummy. This was the monster she had been waiting for. The dummy narrowed his brown eyes at her. \"You!\" he growled. Slappy spotted the open book and dove for it but the flew through the air as if pulled by a string returning to Dominic's hand. \"Let's talk.\" Dominic said.[Chapter 2] \"The only thing I want to hear from you is the sound of you choking on your own blood.\" Slappy roared as he leapt over the small fire at her with a knife that had appeared out of nowhere. Ashley looked over her shoulder at the attack. To everyone's surprise Dominic did not dodge the attack. She instead grabbed the blade. It sliced into her palm causing blood to drip to the ground. Ashley was about to drop the shadow and Dominic sensed it. \"Hold.\" Dominic commanded. None of the other monsters moved. Were they still afraid of her or were they just waiting for Slappy's command. Slappy let go of the hilt and smiled at the sight but his smile faded when he saw what happened to her blood. Fire danced in and around it. \"What the…\" he started. \"It's going to take a lot more than that.\" Dominic throwing the knife to the side. It made a soft thud as it impaled the ground. The cut began to slowly close. Slappy narrowed his eyes at the pair. \"End them!\" Slappy commanded the other monsters. Some of them began to hesitantly move forward. \"Not a good idea.\" Dominic warned. Ashley growled baring her sharp teeth causing the monsters to stop. \"If my friend here loses her concentration, she will drop this shadow protecting us from the harsh sunlight.\" She informed them. As if to prove her threat, she waved her hand opening up a small hole in the shadow allowing sunlight in. Bright sunlight streamed in and many of the monsters hissed and screeched in fear pushing themselves against the edges of shadows. They gave pleading eyes at the pudgy girl holding the shadows. Ashley couldn't help but feel bad for them. When Slappy didn't respond Ashley nudged her friend with her wing. Dominic walked passed the dummy to the opening. \"Come on. I want to show you something.\" Dominic said calmly. Slappy reluctantly followed. Hey Dominic I can't just stand here with all these guys what should I do? Ashley asked telepathically as she passed through the opening. Mingle. Dominic suggested as she closed the opening behind her. It took their eyes a minute to adjust to the harsh desert sun. When they could see Slappy's eyes widened at the sight that lay before him. \"Did you build this place?\" he asked. Dominic smiled at the shock in his eyes. \"I did. This is the place I promised you.\" Dominic said. Slappy vaguely remembered her saying something about a safe place. But safe from what, humans? They were nothing for monsters to be afraid of. They walked through the park into the residential area. \"What about Stine?\" Slappy asked. \"He doesn't know and he never will.\" Dominic stated. Slappy wasn't sure whether to be angry or relived at this. He looked back at Dominic and noticed her tense position. \"What?\" He asked. \"Nothing. I just wasn't sure how you would react to all this.\" She admitted. \"What you don't trust me?\" Slappy laughed. \"Nope.\" She stated. He pretended to be hurt then moved closer and she couldn't help but take a step back. Now he really was insulted. When they had first met she had been nothing but friendly to him but now she acted as if he had the plague or something. The realization hit him like a ton of bricks. \"You read the books didn't you?\" he sighed. \"Of course I read the books how else was I going to build this place?\" Dominic stated. \"Is that why you're afraid of me?\" Slappy beamed. Dominic chuckled. \"I am not afraid of you little one.\" She said. \"I am simply being cautious of your anger. You tend to get homicidal when you are upset.\" \"What is there something else you did that would make me want to stab you again?\" he asked raising an eyebrow at her. \"First of all blockhead I would think you were smart enough not to draw blood again and secondly yes. See that purple in the distance?\" she asked. Slappy nodded. \"That is the barrier I put up so you and the others cannot leave the territory. \"You did what?\" Slappy yelled. He leapt at her trying to strangle her but he couldn't reach her. Dominic held him in the air with her telekinesis. He swiped and kicked the air trying to get closer to her. Dominic just rolled her eyes. After ten minutes he was panting and had stopped struggling. \"Are you done? Dominic asked. Slappy's angry eyes met hers. \"Never! not when your death means my freedom!\" he growled. Dominic sighed and shook her head. \"Even if you managed to kill me it would not bring the barrier down, only trap you here forever. I'm the only one who can unlock it.\" She informed him. \"How is this better than being trapped in that book?\" Slappy demanded pointing at the manuscript tucked under her arm. \"At least you can interact with rest of the world.\" Dominic countered. \"And how do you propose we do that when we can't even leave!\" Slappy yelled. \"Technology of course.\" Dominic laughed. Slappy gave her a confused look. \"What is that supposed to mean?\" he asked. Dominic laughed. She had forgotten that the last time Slappy was really out the technological craze of her generation hadn't happened yet. She hoped the culture shock didn't hit the monsters too hard. \"I don't understand why you did this for us.\" Slappy stated. Dominic could tell he was being genuine this time. \"Because I have faith in what you can become.\" She smiled handing him the manuscript. There was a look of pure shock on his face. She hoped she wouldn't regret that. Dominic glanced at the sun. There were only a few minutes of daylight left. She set Slappy back on the ground. \"I better let the others know it's safe to come out and play.\" Dominic smiled and began walk back. The dummy followed close behind. They reached the shadow canopy just as the sun set. Alright Keigo you can drop the shadow now. Dominic communicated. No response. Keigo? Silence. Oh boy! Dominic commented as she forces the shadows to disperse. She was prepared for a fight but was surprised to find her friend conversing with Count Nightwing. Many of the monsters jumped at the disappearance of the canopy. A great commotion rose up as they saw their surroundings. They each ran off in different directions to explore. Keigo gave a respectful bow to the count and hurried over to her. \"You were totally right. They really are just like us!\" Keigo smiled. \"Glad to see you made friends.\" Dominic replied. \"Can I please stay?\" Keigo practically begged. \"That's not up me. You'll have to ask Slappy.\" Dominic said gesturing towards the dummy. He was staring at the manuscript with the same confused look on his face. He only glanced up when he heard his name. \"So can I stay?\" Keigo asked him. The dummy simply shrugged as if he didn't care. \"Sweet!\" Keigo responded fist pumping the air. Dominic lowered herself to Slappy's level. \"Slappy are you alright?\" she asked. Slappy did not answer. \"I think you stunned him with your kindness White Fire.\" Keigo commented. \"What?\" Dominic asked looking at her friend like she was a crazy person. \"Well yeah with all the stuff you've told me he has never been shown the slightest kindness.\" Keigo said. It made sense when she thought back to all his stories. Even in the one story where he didn't try to make the main character his slave it ended badly for him. His own creator had even locked him in a book. \"Give the dummy his space.\" Keigo said. That snapped him out of his daze. \"Who you calling dummy?\" he demanded. Dominic face palmed. \"The one thing I told you not to do!\" Dominic growled. \"I…\" she stopped short. Both she and Keigo looked to the distance. \"What?\" Slappy demanded. Neither of them answered. Two surges of fire surrounded the two girls. One white and one blue as they shifted into their dragon forms. The last time Slappy had seen her in dragon form it had been dark. He hadn't realized that she was purple. He found that hilarious for some reason. Her friend on the other hand was black. They both bolted in the direction they had been facing. Towards the danger they sensed.[Chapter 3] The two turned quite a few heads as they ran through the street. A few of the predators gave chase but the dragons ignored them and easily outran them as they hurried to the barrier. \"That was quick!\" Keigo commented as they ran. \"No kidding!\" Dominic called back. They passed through the purple barrier with no resistance. Dominic felt her heart sink at the danger before them. An army of at least a hundred demons was advancing towards them. These were the main enemy of her kind and Dominic had never seen so many before. She couldn't help but wonder if it was her magic when creating this place or the sheer volume of monsters that had drawn them here. At this point it didn't matter. It was time to do her job and protect against these demons. Her claws dug into earth as she began to charge the advancing army. \"Ready?\" She asked. Keigo nodded and the two surged forward in a blur of speed. Slappy looked out thought the barrier at the battle. What were those things and what was this feeling he had? It was his insides were trying to tie itself into a knot. Was this fear? He wasn't sure It had been so long since he had felt it. He wasn't the only one. Some of the monsters were visibly shaking and a few even backed away. Sappy could not see the dragons. They were moving too quickly. The only indication was the path they were cutting. The shadows rose up spearing and slicing through demon after demon. White Fire was thankful that Keigo was a shadow dragon. They were the best in fights against demons but for that same reason they were rarer than any of the other types. White Fire also had shadow powers, she could wield all the elements, but they were nowhere near as powerful as someone of a single type. She was also thatnkful that these were mostly low class demons with a few mid class scattered in. She gathered her chakra and slammed her front legs down releasing it in a wave of powered causing the ground to tremble and disintegrate a few of the demons. They were fighting hard but no matter what they did the army still advanced. They were almost at the barrier. White Fire could see the monsters get over their initial fear and turn to aggression as they clawed at the barrier trying to get at the demons. They needed to end this quickly she realized. \"Keigo get back behind the barrier!\" She commanded. Keigo gave her a hesitant look while slashing another demon with her claws. \"Do it!\" White fire yelled pushing further into the mass of demons. Keigo flinched but obeyed. Some of the demons tried to follow as she leapt behind the safety of the barrier. White Fire needed to draw the demons in closer so she shifted back into human form. \"Are you crazy!\" Keigo yelled trying the pass through the barrier but found she could not. White Fire had prevented it. Her tactic had worked though. A single dragon in human form was just too tempting a target for the demons. They crowded around her tearing at her. It hurt but it didn't matter. They didn't see what she was doing until it was too late. Slappy and the others watched at the demons swarmed White Fire. \"This girl really does have a death wish.\" Slappy thought to himself. Suddenly a blast of white fire erupted from her. At first Slappy thought she was just transforming again but this fire was different. It was much brighter and disintegrated the demons as it passed through them. \"Woah!\" Keigo commented. The fire passed though the barrier and the monsters harmlessly though it left them with a strange feeling. Slappy turned to Keigo. \"What just one word from her and you abandon her out there? That's cold.\" Slappy accused. Keigo raised an eye crest at him. \"What she didn't you?\" Keigo asked. \"Tell me what?\" Slappy demanded. \"I have to follow her orders because she is the leader of our kind. She is our princess.\" Keigo said. Dominic had collapsed to her knees. That last attack had almost completely drained her. Somehow she managed to get to her feet and shift into dragon form. The moon's white healing magic swirled around her cuts healing them instantly. This was the first time Slappy had seen her healing magic. White Fire heard a moaning sound. She walked forward searching for the source. A mid class demon was lying in a slight depression. The white fire must not have hit him directly but he was obviously still hurt. \"This is not over little princess!\" he hissed. White fire flattened her ears and growled. She hated being called princess. \"Oh yes it is.' She growled before disposing of the demon. Keigo tested the barrier and found she could pass through it again. She rushed to her friend's side. \"Since when can you do that without help?\" Keigo asked. \"Since about six months ago.\" White Fire informed her. \"Dang, they are teaching you some fancy stuff at that college.\" Keigo joked. White Fire just smiled. \"Hey why didn't you mention that you were the ruler of our species?\" \"You didn't tell them that did you?\" White Fire asked. \"I might have mentioned that you were our princess.\" Keigo admitted. White Fire shook her head in disbelief. \"Keigo that is not something that I like to flaunt and please tell me you did not use the word princess?\" she asked. Keigo looked away. \"I might have.\" She admitted. Slappy was never going to let her live this down. Slappy watched as the two dragons approached. Watching them fight made Slappy realize just how easy Dominic had gone on them the first time. She could have easily destroyed them. The monsters moved aside as the dragons stepped through the barrier. Slappy had is arms like a disapproving parent. \"You gonna to tell me what just happened princess?\" he asked. White Fire shot Keigo an accusing look before growling at Slappy. \"Never call me that.\" She warned. \"Ok, Ok.\" Slappy said throwing his hands up in surrender. White Fire stopped growling. \"Those were demons. Every monster's worst nightmare.\" She finally said. \"Demons? As in heaven and hell, angels versus demons kind of demons?\" Slappy asked. White Fire nodded. \"No way they aren't supposed to be real.\" He commented as he felt his fear return. \"They are all too real. I warned you when we first met that there were things in this world you were not prepared for.\" She said. \"You said hunters were the problem not freaking demons!\" Slappy commented. \"Well they are a problem too but they are easier to deal with.\" She replied. She could tell that the monsters here were very upset with this new information. \"Calm down there is no way they can get through that barrier as long as the sun is alive.\" White Fire informed them. This caught Slappy's attention. \"So that's what you meant when you said killing you wouldn't matter.\" He commented. \"Yes most of magic here is powered by the sun's energy.\" White Fire confirmed. The two dragons began to talk quietly to one another as everyone began to walk back. \"I'm glad you're staying.\" White Fire said. \"Especially after that attack.\" \"No problem. Speaking of staying you should too. You don't look so good.\" Keigo commented. It was obvious to everyone that was exhausted from her slumped position and sluggish movements. She certainly felt it too. But she still couldn't stay. Many of the monsters were more than likely still angry at her and would take advantage of her weakened state. \"You know why.\" White Fire stated. \"Besides I should be Ok to fly.\" \"You're going to fly in your condition?\" Keigo questioned. \"Of course she is. She doesn't trust us\" Slappy interjected. \"Only about as far as I can throw you without my powers.\" She admitted. Slappy shrugged. \"I wouldn't trust me either.\" He said. She chuckled. \"I should probably go, oh and Keigo, whatever you do don't play beast from the east. If you lose they get to eat you.\" White Fire said. \"Noted.\" Keigo said. White Fire surged into the air a bit slower than usual. The demons had attacked on the far side of the territory. She was going to have to fly straight through to get home. The monsters looked on as the lone dragon flew off. They could hear her to herself to keep awake. Slappy turned to the black dragon. \"You know she was being serious about that last part right?\" Slappy commented. \"Was she?\" Keigo laughed. \"I'm Keigo by the way.\" \"What kind a name is that?\" Slappy asked. \"It's a code name taken from a character in a Japanese anime. My real name is Ashley.\" Ashley? At least it was easier to say than Keigo Slappy thought. \"What was with that last attack?\" He asked. \"That was heaven fire. It supposed to have a purifying effect which is why most demons can't stand up to it. Dominic is the only one who can wield it. That coupled with the color of her transformation fire is why she is called White Fire.\" Ashley said. \"You think she can make it home?\" Slappy asked. \"She certainly thinks can.\" Ashley commented rolling her eyes. \"Then why did she stop humming.\" Slappy asked. Ashley's ears perked up. He was right. Even at this distance she would still be able to hear her. \"Oh crap!\" Ashely said taking to the air and went after her friend. She was flying much faster and even in the darkness she could see White Fire falling through the air. She had fallen asleep flying. Before Ashley could reach her falling friend a second dragon, larger than either of them, rose up and caught Dominic. The sudden stop jolted Dominic awake. She opened her eyes to find herself on the back of an enormous dragon. This was not the same dragon that had attacked her in Madison. This one had different colored scales and had the form of true dragon. It was also a female. The dragon turned its head to look at Dominic with her fiery eyes. \"Thank you.\" Dominic said. The dragon nodded. She pushed herself off of the dragon and took flight again. Ashley caught up to them. \"I'm fine Keigo.\" She told the black dragon. \"No you're not White Fire, and as your friend I am not letting you go anywhere but back down to the ground.\" Ashley stated firmly pushing her own blonde mane out of her face. Dominic raised an eye crest. \"That is a bold statement Keigo.\" She warned. \"Yeah well you don't have the strength to stop me.\" Keigo stated. Dominic was about to growl at her when the large dragon spoke up \"You should listen to your friend young dragon.\" She said. \"Fine.\" Dominic sighed. The three of them glided down to the forest below. \"Come you will be safe in my cave.\" The great dragon said. Dominic was glad theat they had found they caves she had created. \"Thank you great dragon.\" Dominic said following behind her. \"What is your name?\" The dragon glanced back. \"My name is Morningstar.\" She said. Dominic had not expected this dragon to have such an elegant name. She was after all a goosebumps dragon. \"I am White Fire and this is Keigo.\" She introduced. Morningstar nodded as she entered her well-lit cave. In the light she could see why this dragon's name was Morningstar. Her scales were a mixture of blues and oranges. It reminded her of the sky just before the sun rises. They glistened like gemstones giving the appearance of stars. She was more intricately colored than any dragon she had seen. \"No one will disturb you here.\" Morningstar stated. \"Again thank you.\" Dominic said. \"It is the least I can do for you freeing me.\" Morningstar replied. \"Don't make me have to drag you back here.\" Keigo called as she and Morningstar left the cave. \"Yeah, yeah.\" Dominic yawned as she curled up. She was incredibly tired. A few hours of sleep wouldn't hurt.[Chapter 4] A single black turkey vulture circled overhead. \"That could only be George.\" Dominic thought whistled up to him. The vulture dove down and landed on her arm. He stumbled a bit and almost lost his balance. \"You big goof!\" Dominic laughed as she took the letter in his beak. George ruffled her hair affectionately with his beak before jumping to his perch. Dominic smiled as she opened the letter. Dominic, As you mentioned I have seen the shadows seem to move without a purpose and even follow me. I have never been able to clearly see one of your shadow beasts but I imagine they are quite fierce in appearance. The shadows are not the only thing that has been following me of late. I have noticed a few individuals appearing everywhere I go. It could be that they are just fans but I have asked around town and no one seems to know who they are. I'm assuming its nothing since your shadow beasts have not intervened. I thought I should tell you that I have begun to write again. Don't worry I will be much more careful. Best wishes R. L. Stine P.S. I have also written a series called Fear Street that you might enjoy. Don't worry no monsters in these. Dominic sighed. It had just been a month since the incident in Madison. George clicked his beak getting her attention. \"Oh sorry George, I forgot your treat didn't I?\" she apologized stroking his ebony feathers. She ran to grab him a mouse only to come back to find him bobbing his head up and down as if he was listening to his favorite song. Dominic laughed at the goofy bird as he opened his massive wings and bowed to her as she put the dead mouse on the perch. Several angry called erupted from a red tailed hawk on a far perch as the vulture gulped down the mouse. He was obviously angry that George was getting an extra treat that he was not. \"Deception calm down I may have a letter for you to deliver too.\" Dominic assured the angry raptor. In truth Dominic didn't like to use the hawk for mail unless she was sending him to someone experienced in raptor handling and even then she hesitated. The red tail was very stuck up and tended to act like a spoiled brat around other people but he was much faster than George and he refused to work with anyone else. Deception puffed himself up angrily as Dominic went inside. She had mixed feelings about Stine writing again as she loved the Goosebumps series. She had made it a point to start reading and collecting the books. She was however concerned about more monsters being created on accident and needing to be imprisoned as well but that wasn't her main concern at the moment. Dominic darkened the room as much as possible before touching the darkest of the shadows. \"Report she commanded and her eyes turned completely purple. She had left four shadow beasts behind. Three to look after Stine and one to watch the book where all the monsters were trapped. A flood of memories of what each of them had seen over the past month entered her mind. The book had remained largely untouched for the most part other than Stine picking it up a few times with what looked like sorrow on his face. Dominic wondered if it had saddened him that he had imprison his monsters. The next memories were from the shadow beasts keeping track of Stine. She searched through the memories and found what she was looking for. For at least the past week three men had been appearing everywhere Stine had been and they were more than likely not fans. For one thing they were older men and there was something off about the way they were acting. They obviously weren't hunters due to their poor blending in abilities and the way they moved wasn't right. They weren't demons otherwise the shadow beasts would have immediately stepped in. There was only one other thing they could be she was just looking for conformation. It didn't take long before she had it. It was only a glimpse but it was enough. One of the men pulled out a wand and disappeared. \"Wizards!\" Dominic said allowed. This was not good she knew how extremely flighty the wizards of MACUSA were. If they were moving in on Stine, he was in serious danger. \"New orders. If these wizards approach Stine step in and get him out of there.\" She commanded. Dominic broke the connection and pulled out two sheets of paper. She began to write Mr. Stine, I am very pleased that you have decided to continue writing as I love your books. I don't think I need to stress caution to you and I look forward to reading your newest books and will take a look at your Fear Street series. I looked into the people following you but they are most certainly not fans. They are wizards and they are extremely dangerous. I fear that they may have heard about the incident and are trying to gauge what kind of a threat you are. If you feel threatened by them my shadow beasts have new orders to intervene. I will see what I can do to keep them from asserting their jurisdiction over you. We may see each other again soon. Dominic Abby, Please tell me you didn't report Stine to MACUSA! The only reason I'm asking is that there are three wizards, whom I'm assuming are from MACUSA, stalking Stine. We both know that more likely than not they will kill him for what happened. The only reason I am telling you in a letter is because I am moving to intercept them and save Stine (again). If you didn't do this, then I apologize in advance for thinking you did. Dominic Dominic quickly sealed the letters in envelopes and hurried outside to the waiting birds. She handed Stine's letter to George who took off with a few beats of his powerful wings. Dominic moved to the red tail. \"Deception I need speed for this letter. Can you handle it?\" she asked. The hawk puffed out his chest in pride before taking the letter and taking flight much more gracefully than George had. he was out of sight within seconds. \"My turn!\" Dominic thought to herself as she transformed into a partial form with just her wings, claws and teeth before passing through a nearby shadow. Even with her wings and shadow transport it took a good ten minutes to get to Madison. She immediately transformed back to human form as she passed out of the shadow realm on top of one of the buildings. For now, it was better that she not be seen. She focused on her shadow beasts sight. She could see that he was Stine was at home happily typing away on his type writer but none of the wizards could be seen by her shadow beasts. They weren't outside his home either. \"They must be in town somewhere.\" Dominic concluded. She leapt from roof to roof in search of her prey. She spotted Zach and Hannah walking hand in hand and laughing. \"Well those two are getting along swimmingly\" Dominic rolled her eyes. She was about to move on when something caught her eye. One of the wizards she was looking for peaked around the corner. She narrowed her eyes and growled. \"They were going after Hannah!\" she realized. \"Not on my watch!\" Despite parting on bad terms the last time she was here she did actually care what happened. Now the only question was how was she going to do this without giving herself away just yet. An idea popped into her head causing her to grin mischievously. \"Madison Police, what is your emergency?\" Amanda's voice came over the phone. \"I'd like to report a drunk and disorderly.\" Dominic said disguising her voice so her cousin wouldn't recognize it. It didn't take the cops long to find the knocked out wizard she had staged to look like a passed out drunk. \"Ok there buddy a few hours in the drunk tank to sober you up. \"Huh what?\" the dazed wizard asked. Dominic couldn't help but smile as they confiscated his wand. \"These cops weren't completely useless.\" She laughed before disappearing to search for the others. Despite the ease of finding the first wizard the other two were nowhere to be found. Dominic wondered if they knew she was there. The sun was beginning to set and it would be dark soon. She worked best in the dark. She shadow jumped to Stine's house but remained in the shadows in wait for her prey. A tapping on glass caught her attention. It was George tapping on one of Stine's windows. Hannah came to the window. \"Dad the vulture's back!\" she called. Stine quickly opened the window and took the letter from George. He came back a few minutes later with a few pieces of meat which the vulture happily gobbled up before flying off. \"Well that is interesting.\" A voice said just out of view. The three wizards stepped into view obviously oblivious to her presence. \"He is communicating with someone\" the same wizards stated. \"Are we ready to move?\" the wizard she had knocked out asked. \"We would have been ready to take them out sooner if you hadn't gotten arrested!\" the third wizard scolded. \"Enough both of you! Let's just get this over with.\" The first wizard commanded. He was obviously in charge. Dominic had heard enough and stepped out of the shadows. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you!\" Dominic warned. The three wizards turned pointing their wands at her. \"I wouldn't do that either!\" she growled as her eyes glowed purple. \"I wouldn't want to have to hurt you.\" \"You! You're the one who knocked me out.\" the one wizard accused. \"And if I would have known you were a wizard I would have used magic instead of punching you in the face for stalking those kids.\" Dominic commented. \"What are you doing here draconidaes?\" the second wizard demanded. \"I'm here to protect one of my own!\" Dominic growled. \"Alright that's enough! The lead wizard commanded. \"I am Nathaniel Hemlock head of the beastiary and magical creatures committee. Speak your piece draconidaes!\" \"You wizards have no jurisdiction here under section three article six of the magical creatures treaty.\" Dominic stated. \"In what way is a man doing magic and exposing the magical community not our jurisdiction?\" Hemlock demanded. \"Because you see he is neither a wizard nor a sorcerer and by definition that makes him a monster and falls under my jurisdiction.\" Dominic informed him. The wizards glared at her. \"And what makes you think we will allow this princess?\" Dominic narrowed her eyes at the wizard. \"Oh yes I know who you are White Fire.\" Hemlock smiled wickedly. \"Then you know it is not a good idea to challenge me on matters like this.\" She warned. \"and besides you don't have a choice.\" She whistled and two shadow beasts appeared out of the shadows behind her. All three wizards raised their wands to attack. This was not going to end well for any of them. \"What are you doing?\" Abby demanded surprising everyone with her presence. \"Abby what are you doing here?\" Dominic asked. \"Trying to fix the mistake my stupid brother made!\" Abby yelled. \"This has nothing to do with you young witch.\" Hemlock called. \"It has everything to do with me when you are threatening one of my friends and blatantly ignoring the laws!\" Abby accused as she raised her own wand. \"Leave now unless you want every magical being to know about this.\" One of the wizards turned his wand on Abby. \"Obliviate!\" he yelled sending a blue flash towards her. One of the shadow beasts leapt forward to intercept the blast but was destroyed by it instead. Thankfully Abby deflected the memory charm and cast a stunning spell that hit its mark. \"I suggest you go while you still can and never come back.\" Dominic threatened. The last shadow beast circled around to surround the wizards. \"This isn't over!\" Hemlock warned before the three wizards disappeared into thin air. Dominic sighed in relief. \"Oh my gosh Abby what were you thinking?\" she asked the witch. \"I was thinking I was helping my friend and how could you!\" Abby demanded. \"Abby I am so sorry for thinking you did this.\" Dominic apologized. \"No not that! Well sort of that too but you sent Deception instead of George and he bit me! Abby yelled showing off her bandaged hand. \"Oh I am so sorry for that.\" Dominic apologized. \"Admit it you sent Deception because you were angry at me!\" Abby accused. \"That's not entirely true. George was delivering another letter.\" Dominic informed her. \"Oh really where?\" Abby demanded. Dominic whistled and the turkey vulture descended onto her arm. \"Oh\" Abby said dumbfounded. \"Up.\" Dominic commanded and the vulture flew up into a tree. \"We should go.\" Abby said looking up and down the shadowy street. \"Something I have to take care of first.\" Dominic said as she disappeared into the shadows. \"Gosh I hate it when she does that!\" Abby complained. She teleported into the shadows of Stine's study. This time Dominic didn't step out. Instead she took the manuscript that trapped all the monsters and replaced it with an identical copy. It was completely blank inside except for a small message inside the cover. Mr. Stine, I am sorry it has come to this but it has become necessary for your protection as well as those around you. I will protect them. I promise. \"You know I hate it when you do that.\" Abby commented as she appeared out of the shadows. \"It's not like you never disappear on me.\" Dominic countered. \"Fair enough.\" Abby stated. \"Oh hey I've been meaning to tell you I have decided to learn how to be a sorceress.\" \"Abby that's awesome. I mean you're already a kick ass witch you'd make an amazing sorceress.\" Dominic commented. \"Here's hoping.\" Abby laughed.[Chapter 5] Slappy strode through the dimly lit town glancing at all the structures. The other monsters seemed to be enjoying their new-found freedom. He watched as two the Beasts get into a fight and a Horror separate the two throwing them in opposite directions. One of them crashed through a wall but the wall repaired itself as the Beast move away. \"She really did think of everything.\" Slappy thought as he continued to walk. He spotted a library and headed there. There were a few ghosts but other than that it was empty. Slappy browsed through the books and found a variety from Lord of the Rings to classics such as Tom Sayer and the Call of the Wild but to his surprise there were no Goosebumps books. It was only then that he spotted a yellow and black book out on a small table that looked like it was made for him. He read the title of the book, Horrorland for Dummies . It even had an illustration of him on the cover. \"You've got to be kidding me.\" Slappy muttered allowed as he opened it and began to read. Slappy if you are the one reading this, I promise this is not meant to be an insult towards you. There is an entire series of for Dummies books. I would tell you to Google it but you probably have no idea what that means and that is the partial purpose of this book. First things first there is a magical barrier surrounding the territory I managed to secure for you and your kind. It is specifically designed to prevent any Goosebumps monsters from leaving and deter any non-magical humans. It may seem like just another prison but it is for your own protection as well as the humans. The fact of the matter is Goosebumps just aren't as fierce as the real deal and besides that there are other things that would rip you apart faster than you could blink. I would explain further but it's kind of hard to believe and the point is you can't defend yourselves. \"She must be talking about the demons.\" Slappy thought to himself before continuing to read. It goes without saying that Stine has no idea I did this. That said even if you contacted him he would never be able to find the place so get it out of your system! Horrorland is designed with many different areas to accommodate everyone's need. I based those needs off of what was written in the books. (Yes, I read them all.) Damage to structures is fixed automatically with magic and food appears based on need. Both game animals and grocery items are present. The dwellings are also specifically designed for each individual. There were a number of chapters on how to use something called the internet but Slappy skipped ahead to the chapter labeled Draconidaes. He recognized it as Latin for family of the dragon. Draconidaes is what my species is called. While often referred to as dragons we are not considered true dragons as a true dragon does not have a human form. We don't mind which you decide to call us. Draconidaes do have many of the same abilities, such as control of the elements, as true dragons as well as a few of our own. It is a draconidaes duty to protect both humans and monsters from each other and other threats. We are considered by many to be heads of the monster community. The only ones who believe themselves above us are humans and the wizarding community. Wizards are an ambitious group when it comes to control. If they had their way they would be the only ones with magic and you would all be dead or experiments in their attempt to learn how Stine trapped monsters in books. They would kill for that kind of knowledge. This is why I am assigning an on-call dragon at all times to keep an eye on things. Because they are magical, wizards are able to enter Horrorland and there is no way to keep them out. For now, they have no knowledge of this place but if a wizard did enter immediately tell the on-call dragon or contact me. I do have some pull with them. Draconidaes are fierce warriors so consider yourself warned. Do not anger the on-call dragon. They will make you suffer for it and I will hear about it and probably laugh at your pain. Slappy couldn't help but chuckle at that last line. Horrorland is something that has never been attempted before. By that I mean a community solely made up of monsters. The wizarding community has made sure of that as they have always seen it as too dangerous. Because of this there is a large possibility that monsters from the outside may come here to see if this is even possible. The on-call dragon will assess their threat level but this territory belongs to the Goosebumps monsters. You have the authority on whether or not they can stay. As far as authority among you Goosebumps monsters goes you will have to decide that among yourselves. Slappy stopped reading. He was obviously the leader, wasn't he? Slappy decided to finish the book rest later. He took the book with him and also picked up a book called Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone . The artwork on the cover intrigued him. Slappy made his way to the residential part of the park. He quickly found a mailbox with his name painted in acid green letters. \"This must be my place.\" Slappy decided. At first glance it didn't look very special but as he approached the front door he noticed that while it was a normal sized house things were adjusted to better suit a person of his height. Even the furniture looked like it was built for him. The style surprisingly matched his preferences which was scary. He sat in the small black leather chair and began to read. Chapter one The Boy Who Lived[Chapter 6] Dominic opened her eyes feeling something fuzzy at her side. She jumped in surprise startling the werewolf lying next to her. Dominic recognized him as the werewolf of Fever Swamp. \"What are doing here?\" she questioned. \"I just wanted to thank you for freeing us.\" The wolf stammered. He was obviously very fearful of her. \"Oh. Uh your welcome little wolf.\" She said feeling a bit bad for scaring him. \"So are you Grady or are you Will?\" \"Grady.\" The werewolf answered. \"Then come Grady. Best not to be caught in a dragon's cave unless you are a dragon.\" She half joked. The young werewolf followed closely behind her. Morningstar landed at the entrance as they walked out. She growled at the site of the werewolf. \"Was this cub bothering you?\" she asked. \"No, its alright.\" Dominic assured. The sun began to peak over the horizon. Grady groaned as he changed back to the twelve-year-old boy he was. Looking down at his tattered clothes she realized she had forgotten something. \"Oh no.\" Dominic shook her head. \"What is it?\" Morningstar asked. \"I forgot to do something and I have to go back.\" Dominic stated. Morningstar sensed her hesitation. \"Are you worried Slappy might harm you?\" she asked. \"Slappy couldn't hurt me if he tried. I'm more concerned with everyone else.\" Dominic admitted. \"If he got everyone to rally together that could be trouble.\" \"I wouldn't worry about that. None of us owe him anything and we owe you everything.\" Morningstar stated. \"You mean because I freed you from the manuscript?\" Dominic questioned. Morningstar nodded. \"Fair enough.\" Dominic stated picking Grady up and setting him on her back. \"Come on Grady, I'll take you back to town.\" It didn't take long to get back to town. Dominic was a bit surprised to see that there were still residents out and about. She bowed allowing Grady to slide off before changing back to human form. \"Of all the stupid things to forget.\" Dominic cursed herself. She had forgotten to provide extra close to the humanoid monsters. She quickly fixed that. \"Whoa thanks.\" Grady smiled. \"Don't mention it kid.\" Dominic responded. Having forgotten something so simple made her wonder if she had forgotten anything else so she decided to wonder around Horrorland. As it turns out she had forgotten a few other things and she also got a couple requests mostly witches asking for seeds for special herbs. \"Well, well, well looks who's back.\" Slappy gave an evil smirk. \"Hey Slappy.\" She greeted nonchalantly. \"Why do you have to ruin that for me?\" the dummy asked. \"Hey it's not my fault your adorable when you try to be evil.\" Dominic laughed. \"I am not adorable.\" Slappy pouted. \"Keep telling yourself that.\" She laughed spying The Goblet of Fire in his wooden hand. \"Wow you're already on year four.\" \"Yeah and I've got to say it's getting surprisingly dark.\" Slappy commented. Much to his surprise she burst out laughing. \"Oh you don't know.\" She continued to laugh. \"Yeah.\" Slappy looked away awkwardly \"I read some of your for dummies book and I've got to say Horrorland?\" the dummy questioned as they both began to walk. \"Well that's what it was called in the books and what else was I going to call it, Slappy World?\" she questioned. \"Yes.\" Slappy replied. The funny thing was he was being completely serious. \"Wow I'm not even going to comment on how similar you and Stine are.\" She laughed. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Slappy questioned. \"Slappy World is the name of the next Goosebumps series.\" Dominic informed him. \"What are you kidding me? He's still writing?\" Slappy demanded. \"Well to be fair that is what he does and from what I can tell the new series are mostly about you but that's probably because you are the favorite Goosebumps character.\" She stated. \"The irony of that being I'm one of the more hated among the other monsters.\" Slappy commented. \"I don't know about that.\" Dominic shrugged as a black cat jumped onto a wall and meowed at her. \"Hi Bella.\" The cat purred as Dominic stroked her. Several other cats appeared one of them a long haired grey cat with a white mark on his ear crept up behind her. \"Don't even think about it Rip.\" Dominic warned flashing her purple eyes at the cat. Rip's hair puffed up and he bolted. The other cats however continued to rub against her. \"Well they seem to like you.\" Slappy commented. \"They probably wouldn't be so friendly if they realized that I'm studying to be their worst nightmare.\" She commented. \"I didn't know you could study to be a dog.\" Slappy chuckled at his own bad joke. \"You're hilarious.\" She rolled her eyes \"But I'm talking about a vet.\" At the word vet every cat bolted. Slappy laughed. \"So, you thinking about sticking around tonight. Maybe we can get dinner.\" He suggested. Dominic was taken aback by the question. Was he asking her on a date. Stine had mentioned something about Slappy possibly liking her. \"Look Slappy as nice as that offer sounds, I do not have a death wish.\" Dominic stated. \"Death wish?\" Slappy raised an eyebrow. \"You seriously don't know?\" she questioned. Man, guys were clueless. \"I can think of at least three girls here that would kill me if they even thought I caught your eye.\" Dominic stated. \"I don't know what you're…\" \"Slappy!\" Mary Ellen called cutting him off. \"Speak of the devil and she shall appear.\" Dominic muttered changing positioned to put Slappy between herself and the demented doll. Slappy remembered what she had said when they first met. She was afraid of dolls. \"Why you wasting your time with this useless reptile when you could be spending your time with a real woman.\" Mary Ellen asked giving the girl a hateful look. \"He is all yours.\" Dominic said moving further away but Slappy grabbed her wrist and gave her a look that said 'don't leave me here with her.' He was really going to put her in this situation. \"What do you want?\" Slappy growled at the doll. \"Why Slappy I just wanted to take you out on the town since you are my king.\" Mary Ellen commented. Even Dominic couldn't help but roll her eyes. \"I'm not your anything, you worthless piece of garbage.\" Slappy spat. \"You're going to regret saying that.\" Mary Ellen said her tone becoming more threatening. \"Alright break it up children.\" Dominic ordered getting a hold on her fear and using her power to force the two apart. \"Why you little! Try that again and I'll tear that pretty little face of yours off and feed it to the dogs around this place.\" Mary Ellen threatened. \"You'd be wise to remember that this pretty face is just a disguise dearie.\" Dominic growled once again revealing her dragon eyes. Mary Ellen took a step back. \"That's what I thought.\" Dominic said walking away with Slappy following behind her. Her heart was beating so hard she wasn't sure how they didn't hear it. \"I should probably go.\" Dominic said as her wings appeared. \"Just to be clear I am in charge while you're gone?\" Slappy asked. \"I'm going to let you and the others work that out but enjoy your book in the meantime.\" She smiled before taking off. \"Well this was going to be interesting.\" Slappy sighed. ","Summary":" The harsh desert sun beat down on the harsh landscape and the lone girl. She gazed around at the ba"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Dangerous Game","Author":"himayamata","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11614752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Dangerous Game Part 1: It Heath and Gregory have decided not to go to the school dance tonight, instead, they go to visit their friend Caitlyn who got sick and cannot go to the party. They promised to her that they will keep her company until she's gets better. When everything goes well as they stroll towards her house at night, a black car appeared from the road with loud engines roaring. \"Drag racing in Madison?\" Heath covered his ears. \"I don't think that's drag racing.\" Gregory said. \"It looked like a chase.\" As they watched the fast car drive by, the driver yelled at them. \"I hope you have level up!\" The driver made a creepy and sinister laugh as he threw a hard object to Gregory's face. \"Gregory!\" Heath checked his friend. \"Are you alright?\" \"Is my nose bleeding?\" \"No. It's still fine.\" \"Oh god, what is that?\" Gregory looked down and saw a closed book burning. \"Who throws a book to strangers?\" \"That guy.\" Heath pointed at the driver that drove to the corner of the street and disappeared from their sights. But still they heard his maniacal laugh echoing. Gregory stamped the fire out and saved the mysterious black book. After it goes out, he picked it up to see the title. He froze as he read it. \"Oh, no.\" \"What is it, man?\" Heath took a look and saw the book's cover. \"Is that a Goosebumps book?\" \"It is.\" Gregory said. \"This book gives me nightmares, man. I mean, this is the reason why I hate camping. This is the scariest book ever.\" \"Seriously?\" Heath commented. \"I say Night of the Living Dummy is creepy. That dummy Slappy is a real menace and a true Goosebumps villain.\" \"Well, I have not read that. I only read The Girl Who Cried Monster, Monster Blood 3, Cuckoo Clock of Doom and Attack of the Mutant . That's all I can remember. But this one... it still terrifies me.\" \"Hey! I have an idea. Why not we bring this to Caitlyn? She loves Goosebumps.\" Heath suggested. \"Great idea.\" Gregory said. \"But I don't think this book is ours.\" \"The guy threw it away. I don't think he will mind. We should take it.\" Heath grabbed the book from his friend's hands. \"Now, let's see how creepy this book is.\" \"Real creepy. I kinda hate the ending.\" Without knowing what kind of book that is, Heath opened it and flipped the pages. In a second, a powerful blast of smoke and light burst out from the pages of the book and repelled the two boys away. The book fell from Heath's grip and the words on those pages turned into black liquid joined together, forming a silhouette of a large creature. The boys moved back as they watched a large monster popped out from the book. Gregory gasped in fright as he saw the furry monster. He heard the loud growl. He saw the large claws and sharp teeth. The boy froze in fear as he watched the creature looked around, wondering where it was. \"What is that?\" Heath yelled in terror. The monster heard Heath and turned its face to them. The large creature approached them and raised its large claws at them. Heath shut his eyes quickly before the monster do something horrible. Suddenly and quite unexpectedly, the creature slaps Heath's shoulder and spoke in English. \"Tag. You're It.\" Then the creature ran away and into the woods. Heath was speechless after what the creature did. Confused, he turned to Gregory and saw him sweating like an athlete in a summer race. He knows that Gregory was terrified to see the big blue monster. \"So... this is the monster that frightens you, right? What monster is that, man?\" Gregory answered. \" The Beast From the East . And I really, really hate this damn game.\"[Chapter 2] A Dangerous Game Part 2: The Team Troubled by the beast lurking in the shadows waiting to be captured, Gregory tried to think of a plan to catch the Beast. The two young men walked towards Caitlyn's house. Heath clutched the black book tight as he watched the big blue creature jumping around the trees, watching them. \"Why is he following us?\" He asked Gregory. \"It's a game, remember. He's watching us. But trying to avoid us.\" \"Can you tell me how this game works, man? I'm really freaking out right now.\" Gregory said, \"It's simple. Tag the creature and stay away from him until dawn. But if we are 'IT' for too long, the Beast will eat us. Game over for us. You have the book. Go read it.\" \"We don't have time for that!\" \"Just open it and read!\" \"Fine!\" Heath opened the black book. \"There's nothing.\" \"What do you mean?\" Gregory checked the book and saw the pages of the book blank. \"Great. We have to think of something else.\" Gregory and Heath reached the doorstep and knocked on the door. They waited… and waited for a minute. It looks like no one's home. Heath took a peek at the window and saw the TV screen on and the living room empty. He looked closely and saw chips and soda on the table. \"Wait a minute…\" He turned to the large flat screen and saw the paused movie. Then the door suddenly opened and Caitlyn appeared before them wearing her sleeping pajamas and her dad's bathrobe. Her eyes were drowsy and her nose wet. A little warning to stay away from her. \"Hey, guys. What took you so long?\" \"A lot has happened. Believe me.\" Gregory said. \"Heath, can you explain? I don't want to repeat what I told you.\" \"Well, you see, Caitlyn…\" Heath think of a simple way to explain their situation. \"There was a book... this book, that unleashed a creature from those Goosebumps books and then this Beast from the East wanted to play a game with us and so we are in trouble and… we have until dawn to stop this creature from eating us.\" After the explanation, silence followed. Caitlyn was speechless after what she heard and then there was a slight grin at her face which soon turned into laughter. \"Oh, guys! You are so sweet. Doing this make-believe stuff for me.\" \"What? No!\" Gregory said. \"It's real.\" \"I know this.\" She said. \"You all know how I love Goosebumps. I can play this game too. I'll be the character who knows how to defeat the villain. Can I be that character?\" \"This is not a game!\" Heath yelled. \"Well, it is a game but not a game you think!\" \"Tell me. Who's the Beast?\" She asked them, smiling. \"Is it Anton? He can be a good Beast, you know. Big guy with those athletic arms.\" When there was no proof to show her, Gregory then heard a sudden scream from the house next door. The three teenagers saw a woman attacked by a flying poodle. Caitlyn stopped laughing and froze in terror when she saw the fanged poodle. \"Oh, dear god…\" Gregory asked her. \"Is that a Goosebumps character?\" He tried to recall if there was a vampire dog in the books. She replied, \"It's Fifi from Please Don't Feed the Vampire. It's one of those Give Yourselves Goosebumps.\" \"Should we help?\" Heath wanted to but he's worried about the vampire fangs. \"Of course!\" Gregory ran to help the woman. He picked up a stone and threw it to the vampire poodle. He got it's attention and now it's dark vampire eyes turned to him. Gregory told the shocked woman. \"Run!\" The woman got up and ran to safety. The vampire dog hissed as it attacked the teenager. \"Gregory!\" Both Caitlyn and Heath screamed to him. \"Watch out!\" Before he could move out of the monster's way, the Beast leaped out from the large tree and attacked the flying poodle. He ripped the creature into half and spread black goo all over the sidewalk. Drops of it spilled on Gregory's face. He noticed the black goo was ink. It's not blood or flesh. Or it could be the normal blood of vampires. Heath and Caitlyn were surprised that the Beast saved Gregory. \"Um… what happened?\" The Beast turned to Gregory with a fierce look. Gregory can't help but ask the monster. \"Why did you save me?\" \"Obviously, I don't want the dog to steal my food.\" \"Oh, right….\" Gregory remembered the game. The Beast has a good reason. \"Is she going to join the game?\" The Beast pointed at Caitlyn. \"If she's not, kick her out. I don't want anyone to mess anything.\" Heath responded, \"No! She's not in the game. She will never join-.\" \"I'm in.\" Caitlyn stepped up. \"What are you doing?\" Heath whispered to her. He cannot believe she just said that. She's willingly join them in the dangerous game. \"You read the book, right? You know how the game works and how it ended. Remember about your condition, Cait. You are sick. You can't go around.\" Gregory backed him up. \"He's right. You can't come with us.\" \"Yeah. But I have a plan that I wanted to try.\" Caitlyn said. The boys looked at each other and then to the Beast crossing its arms, waiting impatiently. The blue monster growled. \"The clock is ticking, guys.\" The three human players have made a decision. Gregory answered him. \"She's with us. You can go hide now. We're coming for you.\" The Beast smiled. \"Good. Three meals for me.\" The creature went back to the trees and in to the darkness. \"I hope you have a plan for this, Cait.\" Gregory said. \"Because we are not the only ones who has problems in this town.\" He saw hundred of walking gnomes coming out from the other house. The three quickly ran back to her house and locked the door.[Chapter 3] A Dangerous Game Part 3: Bait \"So, what's the plan?\" Gregory asked Caitlyn. \"How can we capture the Beast?\" She answered him. \"Well, I remember that we should tag the creature at the East. Luckily, we are at the East of Madison. Then, there is something about a Penalty Rock.\" \"It's a boulder. Good thing is that there are no boulders in Madison.\" Heath said. \"Now what's the real plan? I want to hear it.\" Caitlyn gave them transceivers. \"Just follow my instructions.\" Watching through the window, the Beast sat on the branches of the suburb tree hiding and waiting. He cannot hear them but he can see them discuss about their plan. Later, the three kids closed the curtains so that the Beast could not see them. The blue monster prepared itself for a trap or anything that's coming. Then the two boys came out from the house wearing grey hooded jackets. The Beast cannot see their faces and it did not anticipate that the teenagers would split up. \"Now, what are you up to?\" It looked like the boys part ways while the girl stayed inside the house. Heath took out his transceiver and called the others. \"I don't think it's working. The Beast's still in place.\" Caitlyn said, \"That's good. We are going to confuse him keeping him distracted and worried.\" Gregory understood her plan. \"If the Beast followed one of us, the two will work together to set up the trap while the other one becomes the bait.\" \"This is crazy.\" Heath said. \"Why would the Beast follow us? Are we the hunters or the hunted?\" \"It is three against one, Heath. We will use that as our advantage.\" Then Caitlyn gave them an updated. \"Guys… it looks like the Beast is staying... which is good. You guys are going to set up the trap.\" Heath and Gregory moved quickly and gather all the materials they need for the trap of theirs. Gregory went to the hardware store to get tools while Heath went to the grocery store to... hide. He disagrees with the plan. He doesn't want to be part of the dangerous game. He remembered what his mother said. If you get in trouble, you have to find a way to escape. \"Must hide. Must hide...\" Heath dropped his transceiver and ran. Unfortunately, Caitlyn called giving update to the two boys. \"Guys, the Beast is on the move. He seemed to smell something and left.\" Gregory responded, \"Strange. He will not abandon the game to have a snack.\" \"He could be in a time-out.\" Caitlyn said. \"Time-out? He should have notify us about it!\" \"What's wrong?\" Gregory knew what's going on. \"Heath is the bait now!\" He ran back where he left and head to his friend's direction. \"Caitlyn... it looks like I'm going alone.\" \"No! I will come with you.\" Caitlyn really wanted to leave the house. \"I want to help.\" \"You have a fever, Cait. You're just a liability.\" Then he didn't get a response. \"Cait? Cait, can you hear me?\" After a few second, he quickly realized what she did. Once he arrived at her home, she's gone! The door was left wide open. There are no sign of forced entry that could mean she ran off to Heath. \"Caitlyn... why are you doing this to me?\" Gregory remembered the time when they're kids he invited her to play outside. She climbed up the tree and fell. He just watched and then laughed. She got a scar on her arm. That scar was later discovered by her old brother Donovan. He scolded Gregory and threatened him that if he see Caitlyn hurt, he will do much worse. Now that Donovan's in the military, Gregory knew he will get a taste of a Marine's punch. After getting there, Heath realized that going to the department store is a bad idea. Inside, there was a werewolf emerged out from the dumpster angry and hungry. He caught Heath's scent and growled. \"Easy, Remus. I'm not here to hurt you. I'm just... hiding here because-.\" The werewolf roared and attacked the teenager. \"AAAHHH!\" Heath shut his eyes as the werewolf's mouth went close to his arm. Quite unexpected, the Beast crashed in and fought the werewolf. He threw the monster to the fruit section and then turned to the teenager. \"What are you doing? You know there are monsters who will interrupt our game!\" \"I-I-I'm sorry.\" Heath apologized. \"I'm just thirsty. I... I need a drink.\" He took a beverage from the shelves opened it and drank it. \"See?\" \"Huh?\" The Beast was puzzled but don't trust his excuse. \"Are you abandoning the game, boy?\" \"Um...\" Heath paused, thinking of a way out. Suddenly, the werewolf came back. He leaped towards the Beast and bit his shoulder. The blue beast got distracted and punched its way out trying to get out from the werewolf's locked jaw. \"Get off! GET OFF!\" When the two monster were busy brawling, Heath went a little closer to the two and waited for that moment. The Beast grabbed the werewolf and threw it down to the polished floor. The Beast's back was on Heath's sight. Once the blue monster was distracted by the wolfman, the young man slapped the Beast's back. \"TAG!\" The blue monster was startled by the human's slap. He faced him and gave him a glare. \"You didn't just-.\" Then the werewolf came back again for another brawl. Heath quickly ran away out from the department store. He did it! He tagged the Beast! Time to run and hide. As he left the department store, he saw Caitlyn came in wearing her father's night robe. She came to him worried. \"What happened?\" \"Run.\" Heath said. \"What? Why?\" \" Itaggedthebeasttimetorun .\" He grabbed Caitlyn's hand and ran to the other direction away. Then they heard the Beast's terrifying roar. \"You sneaky brat! I'll catch you!\" \"Yep. Time to run.\" Caitlyn said.[Chapter 4] A Dangerous Game Part 4: Tagged The Beast threw the werewolf to a car and beat it up until ink splattered all over the parking lot. His anger was so intense that he stopped until the car was crushed and stained by the black ink. He did not like what happened. The kid manage to tag him. The Beast tried to find his mistake there. After several punches, he realized what went wrong. He forgot to say time-out . If he did that before, he will be safe by that kid's sneaky slap. \"Those humans are clever after all.\" Then a strange black car arrived and stopped a few meters away from the Beast. The window opened and a haunted dummy stick out his head. He saw what the Beast did to his fellow werewolf. \"Fleg, what are you doing?\" \"I'm playing a game.\" The Beast answered. \"Leave me alone, nutcracker. You have no right to disturb my game. You know that, Slappy?\" \"You dumb beast!\" The living dummy frowned. \"Remember that I'm the one who released you from that cursed book! I gave you freedom! Now you must help me get rid of Stine!\" The Beast talked back to the dummy. \"Yes. I'm free. ... But alone. My friends did not make it out of the book.\" Slappy made an offer. \"Then join me, Beast! Join me and you will never be alone.\" Ink began to swirl behind the Beast and reformed the werewolf that he beat up. The wolf growled at the blue creature like a rabid dog waiting to attack. The Beast turned to the dummy with a glare. \"No. I'll continue my game and finish it.\" \"You will regret this, Beast! If you don't help us get rid of Stine, we will-.\" Then Slappy stopped in mid-sentence when the Beast grabbed his tiny wooden body out from the car. The werewolf and the haunted car reacted but they paused when Slappy stopped them. \"Stand down! Remember, we cannot be destroyed.\" \"Remember this, dummy . If you and your pathetic monster minions ever interrupt my game, I will bathe the town with your black blood.\" \"You mean Ink .\" Slappy responded with a smile. \"Fine! If you don't want to join us, so be it! No monster will ever come near you! No monster will ever help you! Mention you! See you! No one will ever remember you and your blue runts ever again!\" The Beast released the dummy and head off without saying a word. He went back to the direction where the three was last seen together. Slappy fixed his red bow tie and his little black jacket. \"Let's go.\" The Haunted Car drove off towards the school and the werewolf followed. The three teenagers managed to meet up. After what Heath told Gregory what he did, they immediately went back to Caitlyn's place. But then they heard the radio in an abandoned police car calling all the cops to go to Madison High. The voice mentioned the name of R.L. Stine, the creator of Goosebumps and the writer has a plan to stop the madness going on in town. The three were surprised that the writer is here in Madison. Heath asked the others. \"Should we go there?\" Caitlyn disagreed. She doesn't like the idea. \"I don't want anyone to get involve in this game... and I'm wearing my dad's robe.\" Gregory asked for suggestions. \"What else do you have in mind? We head back to your place? The Beast knows where you house is. And also, we can't go to our place because it is West of Madison. We should always be at the-.\" \"East until dawn.\" Caitlyn understands. \"Okay. I get it.\" \"So we are going to Madison High?\" Heath wanted to know their next destination. \"Yes.\" Gregory answered. Then suddenly, \"THERE YOU ARE!\" It's the Beast! He has come to tag one of the teenagers! The blue creature made a big leap towards them, raising its hand and swinging it towards Caitlyn. Quickly, Gregory moved right in front of her and used his body as a shield. The Beast's paw slapped his back and yelled, \"TAG! You're It!\" Gregory saved her. Caitlyn was surprised. She asked him why. \"But why? Why did you let-?\" \"You are sick, remember.\" Gregory said. \"I don't want you to be It. And also I don't want your brother to see you hurt.\" Caitlyn was speechless. She has no words to express her gratitude. And then the Beast grunted. \"Alright! Time to hide.\" The creature ran away back to the woods. \"You two must go.\" Gregory said. \"Go to the school and help the others there.\" \"But... I can't leave you here.\" Caitlyn was worried. \"Can you catch the Beast in time?\" Gregory went close to her and whispered to her ear. What he said made her quiet. She tried to make a straight face and turned to Heath. \"What did he say?\" Heath asked. \"We must go.\" Caitlyn grabbed his hand and ran towards Madison High. She turned to see Gregory for the last time. He just waved at her and smiled. Once the two left, Gregory faced the woods and walked towards the Beast's direction. However, he's badly injured. The blue creature slapped him hard that its claws scratched his back. His wounds were deep and slowly bleeding out. With all the pain on his back, Gregory stayed focus. He has a plan in mind. He's going to lure the Beast in to a trap.[Chapter 5] A Dangerous Game Part 5: Wounded Gregory crashed inside a veterinary clinic to get the first aid kit. The pain is unbearable. He needs to patch it up before it gets worse. He opened the kit and grabbed the mirror. He decided to stitch up his wound on his own like Matt Damon in the movie The Martian. He looked for the anesthetic and a syringe. However, he thought it will be easy. But it's not. He cannot reach his wounds on his back. \"Damn it.\" He realized he need some extra help. But then he heard the Beast creeping outside, waiting for him to set up a trap. \"If he's the 'hunted', he should be hiding right about now.\" Gregory knew he cannot get a chance to tag the Beast because of the wounds but that was not his in the first place. He plans to lure the Beast away from Caitlyn and Heath. That's the only way to make sure they are safe. Then the Beast spoke to him through an opened window, \"What are you waiting for? Are you planning to trap me?\" \"Can't you see? I'm busy fixing myself. Thanks to you, pal.\" Gregory said. \"Not my problem.\" The Beast responded but still keeping his distance away from the human. \"I know... still thinking of a way to catch you. But... this wound distracts me.\" He tried to look for the pain pills around the clinic. \"I can't think clearly with all this pain.\" The Beast did not reply. Gregory continued talking. He's distracting him... stalling him. Waiting for a chance the Beast lower its guard. \"So, Mr. Beast... while I try to patch myself up, can you tell me the entire rules of this game?\" \"You know already. You read the book, right?\" \"I skipped some parts, honestly. It's pretty terrifying.\" Gregory lied. \"But are there any additional details that R.L. Stine did not put in the novel?\" \"Yes.\" The Beast came down from the window but meters away from Gregory. \"I added some.\" \"Care to tell?\" \"Time-outs.\" The Beast said. \"There are time-outs. But you should inform the 'IT' first.\" \"Okay?\" Gregory then asked. \"Can the 'IT' kill?\" \"No. During the game, the IT cannot kill. Only the winners of the game can kill and claim their reward.\" \"You mean the losers will be the food.\" Gregory already knows this. He just want to stall the blue creature. \"What happens if the IT... dies?\" The Beast answered. \"Then the previous one will become IT.\" Then, \"Wait... what are you planning to-\" He saw the human boy dropped to the ground face first with a deep wound on his back, bleeding badly. \"No. NO!\" The Beast ran towards the human and grabbed him. He tried slapping and shaking the human hoped he would wake up. \"Wake up! Don't die on me, you pathetic human!\" The blue creature had no idea how to revive Gregory. He doesn't know how to bring him back to life. \"NO! I don't want to be IT again!\" If the Beast has his friends with him, he will just ignore the dead human and goes out hunting the two with his buddies. However, he was alone. He's going to do all the work. \"WAKE UP!\" Then suddenly, Gregory opened his eyes and slam his clenched fist to the Beast's neck. The creature felt a little sting. \"What-?\" The Beast's vision began to blur and body numbed. \"What did you-?\" Gregory stood up holding a syringe that was once filled with anesthetic. \"This is my trap, Beast. And you fell for it.\" Honestly, it was not part of his plan but he improvised. He took that chance to take down the monster. As the numbed blue creature lie down on the clean clinic floor, Gregory gentle pat the Beast's back and said with a smile. \"Tag. You're IT.\" \"YOU HUMANS... ARE SO DAMN CLEVER!\" The Beast growled, trying to get up but he cannot move his limbs anymore. The anesthetic was too strong. Not a single finger can be moved. Enraged, the monster yelled at the human boy. \"I CHANGE MY MIND! I'M CHANGING THE RULES OF THE GAME NOW! THE 'IT' CAN KILL ANYONE THEY WANT!\" \"Then I have to tag myself back.\" Gregory responded. He wanted to finish the Beast once and for all.\" Unfortunately, the Beast laughed at the human. \"You may be clever but you lack the knowledge of my existence.\" Gregory listened. \"Do tell.\" \"We were made from fiction! Molded from the mind of one man! We are Ideas and ideas don't die! They evolve!\" The monster yelled in a violent tone and sinister grin. \"We cannot be destroyed, human!\" Gregory was terrified by the truth. The creature was right. Once the idea's out, it cannot be killed or destroyed. How can you kill a horrifying 'idea' like this monster? He tried to think of something to end this horrifying night. Gregory thought of a way to defeat the Beast from the East. But then he recalled what the Beast said to him earlier. \"You were all molded from one man, right?\" \"Yes.\" With that answer, Gregory has found a way to end the nightmare. He had no choice but if he wants to save his friends and himself, he has to make his hands dirty.[Chapter 6] A Dangerous Game Part 6: The Books It is time to end the nightmare. Gregory arrived at the school crossing through the football field witnessing the monsters invading the place. Screams of students everywhere. Vision blurring. His wound getting worst. He should be at the hospital getting his wound stitch up. But Gregory has important things to do. He has to stop the nightmare. He has to stop R.L. Stine. Gregory's not sure if R.L. Stine is going to be the key to end the horror. But he needs to find out. First, he must meet him first. Then something caught his attention. As he was about to enter the football field, he saw the big bonfire burning hundreds of black books. He saw the monsters burning those books. Wondering, why would they destroyed it? Could the book be a threat to them? Then a thought struck Gregory. He still has the strange black book. Yes! The books are doorways to their respective stories. If it's opened again, the monsters will be sent back inside the can use this instead of facing R.L. Stine and force him to fix his problem. \"That's it!\" Now he doesn't have to get his hands dirty. If he knew this the whole time, he could've send that Beast back in his book! Damn it! Now he has to go back and find the Beast again. However, the screams of students echoed across the area like there's a big slaughterhouse. Heath and Caitlyn are in there. Gregory has to decide. Go save his friends or hunt the monster again. Well, he hunted and caught the Beast already. Time to save his friends. \"Don't worry, guys. I'm coming!\" But then his wound began to sore. \"Damn it.\" Heath and Caitlyn managed to get inside the school but they missed the terror and excitement. No students in sight. Good news for Caitlyn. She's sick and still wears her father's robe. \"Where's everyone?\" Heath asked. \"Clearly, they left the building.\" She answered. Then they heard brooms moving inside the janitor's closet. \"What's that?\" Heath knocked the door. \"Who's there?\" No answer but the brooms are clearly moving indicating something's inside. Caitlyn opened the door and the man inside screamed at them. He sounded like a girl. It was Davidson the popular guy in school hiding inside the closet. He looked like he's about to pee himself. \"Davidson?\" \"Close the door! It's still out there!\" He yelled at them. Without asking, Caitlyn shut the door leaving him. \"No need to ask what's out there.\" They heard roars and screams just up ahead. Everyone's in the gym hall. Caitlyn and Heath sneaked towards it and then took a peek. Monster were pushing the door to the locker room where the students and teachers barricaded. They are trapped. \"We should do something.\" Caitlyn said. \"Are you crazy?\" Heath doesn't want to do anything except hide. \"Gregory wanted us to stay safe. And so we should stay safe and hide.\" Caitlyn then said, \"If my brother's here, he will use a bait and lure these guys away from civilians.\" Heath responded, \"But he's not here. And this is a different situation.\" Unexpectedly, Caitlyn went in the gym hall and yelled at those monsters. \"Hey! Over here! Come and get me!\" Heath moved back a little but kept his eyes on Caitlyn and those monsters. Those dark nightmarish creatures all turned around and set their eyes towards the girl Caitlyn. They hissed. They growled. And then they roared. They started chasing her. Caitlyn retreated back to the hall where Heath started running too. \"Don't follow me! Don't follow me!\" However, she did not hear him. She just followed Heath as she's escaping from the monsters. The two teenagers ran towards the exit of the school building. The monsters followed but then changed their attention to the school bus leaving the school grounds quickly. Caitlyn and Heath hid and watched as the monsters chased after that school bus. Then they heard another car roaring its engines. They saw a black car near a large bonfire leaving the football field and began to pursue the bus. Heath commented, \"Whoever is in that bus is my hero.\" Suddenly, \"Guys...\" Someone came up to them from behind and scared the hell out of Heath. Both turned and saw their friend Gregory back. \"You're back! That was fast.\" Caitlyn noticed his current condition. He's not well. \"Gregory! You're hurt.\" She checked his deep wound at the back. \"We need to get you to a hospital.\" \"No time. We have a Beast that needed to be stopped.\" Heath was concerned and scared. \"It was the Beast, right? He did this.\" Gregory answered weakly. \"Yes. But... don't worry. I have found a way to defeat him.\" He showed them the black book with the burnt title of The Beast from the East . His friend Heath asked, \"So what? Are you going to read him to death?\" \"No. Remember how we met the Beast.\" Heath recalled that moment. \"Yes. He came out from that book.\" Caitlyn quickly concluded. \"And we can put him back there.\" \"Exactly.\" The three teenagers has finally got a plan to defeat the Beast once and for all. But then Gregory added, \"However, after defeating him, there are still monsters out there and we don't have the books to put them back.\" Caitlyn said. \"Just focus at one monster first.\" \"Right.\" Suddenly, out from the blue, they heard a loud howl. It's not from the werewolf or a vampire dog. It's from the Beast. He's coming. Caitlyn asked the boys \"Where are we going to set the trap?\" \"We can't go back to school.\" Heath said. \"It's badly damaged and they had enough monsters to handle.\" He remembered Davidson's terrified face. \"There's no other place.\" Gregory turned to Caitlyn. \"Your house is the only place we can trap that blue creature. It's always at the East.\" She understands but she reminded them. \"I want to set the trap outside the house. Probably, my backyard. Just minimal damages, guys. Please. My dad is currently at his friend's birthday party and I'm sure he'll be back soon. Drunk. And Donovan's coming home too.\" Gregory was surprised. \"Your brother is coming home from Afghanistan?\" \"Yeah.\" After that, it gave him an idea. He asked Caitlyn, \"Do you have guns at home?\" She answered, \"No.\" That idea just vanished from his mind. \"Okay. Never mind. Let's stick to the original plan then.\"[Chapter 7] The End... Heath and Gregory woke up in the basement of Caitlyn's home, remembering nothing what happened that night when they set the trap for the Beast. Gregory looked around and there was no sign of Caitlyn. \"Heath, where is Caitlyn?\" Heath responded panicking. \"She's not here?\" The two boys went upstairs to look for her. However, the door won't open. It was not lock but something heavy blocked it. They tried to push the door open with their combined strength. Once they successfully get out, they found the entire place in ruins. The basement door was blocked by the kitchen's fridge. The living room was filled with the Beast's signature claw marks. There was a big fight. They saw bullet marks on the walls. Gregory saw the entrance door open and the dropped pistol. Empty but cold. The two boys later greeted by the sunrise, knowing they made it up to morning. \"Where's Caitlyn?\" Few minutes ago, before sunrise... Gregory, Heath and Caitlyn sets up the trap at her home. The Beast will be prepared for a surprise attack or a trap. But the teenagers will have to be ready if anything fails. Morning is coming and they have little time left. The Beast trailed their scent towards her home. He can sense the three teenagers inside and he can tell they have set a trap. The boys picked up gardening tools and broomsticks as their weapons. Their trap is simple. Lure the beast in the book and trap him. Heath then said, \"Before we face this blue creature, any last words?\" Gregory replied. \"We can make it out alive, Heath. You're a little paranoid.\" But then Caitlyn quickly said. \"My brother's coming home and I don't want to die.\" Both boys agreed with her. \"Yeah. I agree.\" Then out from the blue, the Beast crashed from the roof and into the kitchen. The teenagers were caught off guard by the monster's surprise attack. The big blue monster growled and grinned at the three humans. \"Found ya.\" Quickly, Heath and Gregory threw their weapons to the Beast. None appears to hurt him. The Beast attacked them head on. Luckily for them, Caitlyn brought her mom's taser and struck the Beast. It stopped him on his path but just a little while. He pulled the wire out and pulled Caitlyn towards him. \"Caitlyn!\" Both boys tried to save her. The Beast grabbed the girl by his large claws. \"Tag.\" Caitlyn panicked and responded with pepper spray. He aimed it to the beast's eyes, blinding it. The Beast was in pain and retreated back to the kitchen. The girl made a quick tap on its back. \"Tag.\" The Beast roared furiously. The teenagers was not expecting the Beast to enter the house through the roof. Their trap was set on the entrance. Heath asked, \"What to do next?\" \"The Book!\" Gregory said. \"We need the book to get it back.\" Caitlyn ran to get it. \"I'm on it!\" Unfortunately, the Beast regained his sight and looked at the two boys unaware of him. He take his chance to strike them before the sunrise. The beast quickly leaped towards them with its claws and long teeth. Heath and Gregory ran across town and saw what's left of the town. People started going out from the streets, knowing the conflict was over. The two boys then noticed claw mark son the road like the Beast has been pulled to the West. They picked up the pace and ran to the direction. They hoped Caitlyn was alright. Heath and Gregory instinctually dodged the monster once they heard it roar. The Beast missed but regained his stance and prepared to pounce again. But then they heard a loud bang from upstairs. It was Caitlyn with her father's gun. She did not retrieve the book but instead went after the pistol. The Beast smirked, knowing he won't die by mere bullets. \"You think a firearm can stop me?\" Caitlyn did not hesitate and shoot the monster again. Heath and Gregory were amazed and a little unsettled by her accuracy and repeated shots. It was like she was trained to hold a gun. The Beast tried to retreat, ran towards the kitchen. He shoved the two boys out of his way. Gregory and Heath fell into the basement door and dropped unconscious. Caitlyn continued shooting, scaring the Beast away. The blue creature threw the fridge to block from her shots and at the same time, blocked the basement door. The Beast hid in the kitchen and tried to avoid the girl. He did not expect the girl to be like that. Trigger-happy maniac. \"She's crazy!\" But then he heard a click. Sounds like the gun was empty. Caitlyn felt fear again. \"Oh no.\" The Beast peeked and saw the girl defenseless again. He smirked, knowing he won. \"Game over, girl.\" She started running to the entrance and leave the house. However, they felt a sudden earthquake and then the atmosphere changed around them. Caitlyn felt something pulling her towards the entrance door. The pull that she felt was from the Beast. Whatever that is, something is pulling the monster towards it and Caitlyn was standing on the Beast's way. The blue creature roared, knowing what's happening. \"NO!\" The force pulled him towards the girl. Quickly, he managed to grab her and pulled her with him. Panicked, the girl struggled to the break free from the Beast's claws. It sunk deep into her leg. \"Let go of me!\" \"NEVER! This game is not over yet!\" As the Beast was pulled towards the woods, Caitlyn was dragged with it. \"Heath! Gregory! HELP ME!\" Sadly, her friends were not there to save her. Not until someone did. It reached for Caitlyn and grabbed her arms. The Beast recognized the person and growled. \"YOU!\" Heath and Gregory went to the woods and saw blood trails heading towards an abandoned theme park. \"Caitlyn! Where are you?\" Gregory yelled, calling his friend. \"Speak to us!\" But there was no answer. Heath looked around, hoping he could find any clue where she went. But then his heart can tell what happened to her. \"She's gone, man. I don't know how but somehow... she's gone.\" Gregory cannot accept that fact. \"Where ever the Beast went, he took Caitlyn away with him.\" They began to think the worst. They lost their dear friend on that day. But then they heard people from the woods and appears to be celebrating. Gregory and Heath saw two people who were out of place. Heath asked, \"Who are you?\" The two boys immediately recognized the teen holding a black book. \"Champ?\" \"Greg? Heath?\" The teen smiled, seeing someone he knew. \"What're you guys doing here?\" \"We're looking for Caitlyn.\" Heath said. \"The big blue Beast took her!\" The guy who was with Champ then introduced himself. \"I'm Zach.\" Both were in distress for their missing friend but find it awkward that the new kid introduced himself. Both answered. \"Hey.\" Before they started searching, a man wearing a pair of glasses came out from the woods carrying their wounded friend. He heard the two worrying about her and he calmly said. \"Don't worry, boys. I've got your damsel.\" Caitlyn waved back at them but at the same time, sniffling. \"Hey, guys.\" Gregory quickly recognized the man. \"You're R.L. Stine.\" Heath took a second look. \"That's him? I imagined him to be like Mr. Black.\" Caitlyn chuckled but Stine was not. \"I don't look like that. Honestly.\" Days later, Gregory and Heath came to school to look for their friend Caitlyn. She called them, wanting to show them something. She told them to meet her at the school's auditorium. However, as they arrive, Caitlyn burst out from the door and quickly closed it. \"What's wrong?\" Heath asked. Gregory noticed something bad has happened. She took her time to breathe and explained to them what happened. \"I bought a book from the shop. Well... actually, I stole it.\" She said honestly. \"What? Why?\" Gregory said. \"It's the horror book I wanted to read. \" She said. \"I really want to buy it but- anyway, I was about to read it and then something happened.\" Both boys knew what she's going to say. \"Oh no... Caitlyn, did the monster came out?\" She hesitantly answered, \"Yes... monster s . And they are behind this door.\" Gregory then asked, \"What kind of book is that, Caitlyn?\" Before she could answer, they heard someone groaning at the other side of the auditorium door. \"Where is my big to-o-o-o-o-e ?\" The Beginning... ","Summary":" A Dangerous Game Part 1: It Heath and Gregory have decided not to go to the school dance tonight, i"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"There's something about Chloe","Author":"47Bechloe47","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11391096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- Ok so I have decided to go through and fix the story so Im re-editing the chapters so we are all going to have to be patient. Thanks. Beca smiled at the crowd. \"Thanks for everyone coming out tonight! You guys were great LA, be sure to come back for my gig in two weeks.\" Beca got up from the booth and headed down to the bar. \"That was amazing short stack!\" Her best friend,Amy, exclaimed hugging the DJ. \"Thanks Amy!'' Beca replied with a smile. The two made their way down to the bar and sat down,Amy called over the bartender and order them both drinks to start off the night. \"You know a drunk Beca is the best. Its funny watching a tipsy Beca.\" Amy giggled. Beca slapped Amy on the arm. \"Just shut up.\" Beca trailed off, looking over at the redhead. Amy was about to say something but she saw Beca eyeing the redhead so she decided to keep quiet, sitting there with a big grin on her face. The bartender soon came back with their shots, which Beca quickly drowned, \"Hey give that redhead over there a shot too, and bring me some more while your at it.\" Beca smirked, Chloe was chewing on her straw when the bartender placed a shot down in front of her. \"Um I didn't order this.\" Chloe spoke,looking at the glass confusingly. \"I know the DJ ordered it for you. I'd say you are lucky, shes never done that before.'' The bartender grinned. Chloe looked over towards the DJ and blushed when she was Beca looking over at her. She gulped down the shot and grinned at the brunette as she got up and walked over towards her, sitting down in the open seat next to her. \"You were great tonight! By the way thanks for the shot.\" Chloe giggled. Amy got up and smirked. \"Ill leave you too be, Im keeping my boyfriends waiting.\" Beca laughed, turning her attention back to the redhead. \"Thanks and no problem, anyone as beautiful as you deserves it.\" Chloe bit her lip and giggled. \"Thanks but look who's talking!\" Beca raised her brow. \"You two ladies need anything?\" The bartender asked. \"Two more shots,\" Beca ordered with a grin. The bartender quickly came back with the shots. Beca picked up her glass. \"Cheers?\" \"Cheers.\" Chloe bumped her glass into Beca and then chugged it down. \"You know your really,really,really hot.\" Beca slurred. Chloe giggled. \"Thanks.\" A blonde came over and tugged Chloe's arm. \"Sorry to intrude but Chloe we gotta go.\" Chloe frowned, \"Aww guess I gotta go.\" Beca nodded. \"Hold on what your name?\" \"Chloe, and can I have your number?\" Chloe asked, handing Beca her phone Beca grinned as she typed in her number.,handing it back to the redhead. \"Well I'm Beca,\" \"Thanks, glad I got to meet you.\" Chloe grinned, \"You too.\" Beca smirked After that the two went their different ways as Beca went to find Amy. She soon found Amy grinding on some guy and just shook her head. \"Hey Amy I'm leaving. Care to join?\" Beca giggled. Amy nodded, following the short girl out of the club. Beca pulled out her phone, dialing a cab. The two got into the cab as Beca phone chimed. Hey, I just wanted to make sure you got home was an amazing night with an amazing we can hang out soon. -Chloe xxx Beca grinned as she quickly typed a response. Thanks for checking on me. I had a great night too. -Beca Once Beca got home she headed strait for her bedroom. She collapsed and fell asleep, thinking of Chloe.[Chapter 2] Beca woke up with a killer headache. \"Ughh what the hell happened last night?\" Amy laughed and handed her a Tylenol. \"You got drunk short stack.\" \"No shit Sherlock.\" Beca grunted as swallowed the pill. Beca pulled herself up and sat on the bed,reaching over to her phone. The brunette looked down at her phone,seeing she had a message. Hey Hope you aren't feeling like I do right now. Hangovers suck,LOL. Anyway wanna hang out tomorrow? -Chloe xxxx Beca bit her lip as she thought of something to type. Haha yeah hangovers suck. Uhh Tomorrow sounds good, text me the details. -Beca Chloe smirked at her phone as she looked at Becas response. Chloe lied there in bed and thought about what they should do tomorrow. How about we go get lunch tomorrow at 2? -Chloe xx Chloe yawned and stretched out her arms. She couldn't wait untill tomorrow. Chloe got out of bed and grinned as she walked to the kitchen to be greeted by Aubrey. \"Morning Chlo, Why you so happy this morning?\" Aubrey teased her, smirking. \"Nothing I just got plans for tomorrow.\" Chloe shrugged. Beca found herself having trouble getting ready. \"This isn't even a date. Why am I so worried.\" Beca mumbled to herself. Beca finally settled on a plaid button down,black skinny jeans and a pair of combat boots. She quickly did her makeup and gave a long sigh before exiting the bathroom. \"Woah where you going shorty, it's not often you actually dress up?\" Amy exclaimed, looking over at the small DJ. Beca bit her lip. \"I'm actually meeting the girl from the bar.\" Amy smiled. \"Good for you now go get her!\" Beca rolled her eyes as she walked out the door, heading to the diner. Chloe quickly slipped on her heels as she grabbed her purse, rushing into the living room. \"Do I look ok 'Bree?\" Chloe asked frantically. \"You look great Chloe.\" Aubrey smiled. \"I just hope she liked me.\" Chloe sighed, heading out the door. Chloe pulled up to the diner and saw Beca waiting outside. Chloe smirked as she walked over to the brunette. \"You look great.\" \"An you look great too,\" Beca exclaimed, smiling at the taller girl. Chloe grinned as she both walked inside and sat down at a booth. \"So how have you been?\" Beca asked, fidgeting with the bracelet on her wrist. \"It's been good.\" Chloe smiled at how nervous Beca was getting. Beca nodded thinking of something to say. \"So um err what do you do for a living?\" Beca asked, looking up at the redhead this time. \"I'm actually an actress.\" Chloe replied. Beca nodded. \"That's cool.\" Chloe nodded along. \"Yeah I actually had an audition just the other day.\" \"Really for what movie?\" Beca raised an eyebrow. \"Pitch perfect.\" Chloe replied. \"Ready to order?\" The waitress asked with a smile. \"I'll have a cheese burger.\" Beca said \"And I'll have the salad please.\" Chloe added. The waitress smiled and went to place their order. The two chatted, telling each other things about themselves while they waited for the food. \"This is good.\" Chloe exclaimed. \"It is.\" Beca agreed, taking another bite of her burger. They both finished shortly after and the waiter came back with the bill, which Beca grabbed. \"No Beca it's my turn to pay. You payed for our drinks.\" Chloe snatched the bill from Beca. Beca let out a sigh of defeat. \"Fine.\" Chloe smirked and handed the waitress the bill and they both walked out of the restaurant and they sat down on a bench outside. \"You know I had a lot of fun day.\" Chloe spoke up. \"Me too.\" Beca smiled. Chloe reached over and put a hand on Becas thigh. Beca felt a slight tingling on where Chloe touched and started blushing. \"You know what? I dont know why I did this, I cant be friends with you. I gotta go.\" Beca quickly got up and just left Chloe behind. Chloe watched Beca walked off and her mouth just hung open. \"I screwed up. Fuck.\" Chloe mumbled as a tear fell down her face. Beca hit the steering wheel in frustration. \"She's gonna hate me. I lead her in the wrong direction.\" Beca sat there crying in her car and called Amy. \"Amy I need you help.\" Beca sobbed into the phone \"Aww what happened.\" Amy's voice was filled with concern on the other end of the phone. \" Chloe happened! I just flipped out and just told her that I can't fall in love but I have. I'm in love with that girl and I just ruined everything.\" Beca mumbled into the phone, followed by more sobs.h \"Beca everything gonna be ok. For Christ sakes your Beca effin Mitchell!\" Amy exclaimed. \"How?\" \"Text her and try to talk to her. If that doesn't work, make her a song,\" Amy smirked. Beca nodded and though about it. \"Thanks Amy. Bye, I'll be home soon.\" Beca pulled out her phone and started typing away Chloe, I'm really sorry. I shouldn't of done that, I just freaked out. I know you probably hate my guts and I would too. I realized something when I left and I screwed up. Give me one chance to make it up to you. -Beca[Chapter 3] Chloe glared down at the text. Chloe couldn't reply. This girl made her mad, happy, sad, this girl made Chloe an emotional mess. Aubrey sighed,she hated seeing Chloe like this. If Aubrey could get her hands on this girl, she would rip apart that DJ. Chloe hit the pillow in frustration. \"Aubrey I don't know what to do. She wants me to forgive her but ugh!\" Aubrey sat down by Chloe and wrapped her arms around the girl. \"It's ok Chlo.\" Chloe wiped her tears and started to drift off to sleep and Aubrey smirked. She knew she shouldn't be doing this but she grabbed Chloe's phone. Aubrey scrolled untill she saw Becas name and clicked it. The phone rang and then finally Beca picked up Chloe. \"Omg Chloe I'm so sorry. I was a Dick. Please forgive and let me make it up to you tonight at my gig. Please I really want you to be there.\" Beca pleaded into the phone. \"This isn't Chloe but I will make sure she it there because she really likes you. I swear to god if you break her I will fucking kill you. You should she her right now she is a mess. She wouldn't eat or anything Beca. Get your shit together by tonight.\" Aubrey growled. Beca stood there in shock. \"Oh my god, I'm gonna die.\" Beca ran around the room and picked out an outfit and took extra time getting ready for this gig. She had to make it special. Aubrey dragged Chloe out of the house. \"Come on you need to let loose.\" Chloe groaned but followed after Aubrey. She did need to cut loose. Beca headed off to the club and arrived about 15 minutes later and she walked into a crowded building. Beca walked up to the booth and sat down, she let out a long sigh, no sign of Chloe. \"Thanks for everyone coming out tonight!\" Beca looked around and smiled sightly when she saw Chloe. Chloe glared over at Aubrey, \"You set me up! I don't want to see Beca!\" Chloe started to walk off as Aubrey grabbed her arm. \"I have a special performance. I really screwed something up and I want to apologize. I understand if you hate me but let me give you this.\" Beca explained. \"So here we go.\" Beca sighed. ''I'm so glad you made time to see 's life? Tell me how's your family?I haven't seen them in a 've been good, busier than ever,We small talk, work and the weather,Your guard is up and I know the last time you saw meIs still burned in the back of your gave me roses and I left them there to die. So this is me swallowing my pride,Standing in front of you saying, \"I'm sorry for that night,\"And I go back to December all the turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right.I go back to December all the days I haven't been sleeping,Staying up, playing back myself leavin'.When your birthday passed and I didn't I think about summer, all the beautiful times,I watched you laughing from the passenger I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my gave me all your love and all I gave you was \"Goodbye.\" I go back to December all the time. All the time.\" Beca was now looking strait at Chloe. Aubrey watched Chloe and the DJ carefully. She had to admit this stunt was cute and she was starting to grow on the short brunette. \"So this is me swallowing my in front of you saying, \"I'm sorry for that night.\"And I go back to December all the turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you,Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind.I go back to December all the time. I miss your tanned skin, your sweet smile,So good to me, so how you held me in your arms that September night,The first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking,Probably mindless dreaming,But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right.\" Chloe was now sobbing as she watched the DJ's beautiful performance. This was by far the best thing anyone's ever done for her. \"I'd go back in time and change it but I can' if the chain is on your door I understand. But this is me swallowing my pride,Standing in front of you saying, \"I'm sorry for that night.\"And I go back to December... It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you,Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right.I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind.I go back to December all the the time.\" Beca finished as a tear ran down her face and swallowed the lump in her throat. \"I'm sorry.\" Beca sniffled. The crowd cheered and Beca returned to her booth. Beca whipped her tears off her face with her sleeve as she started playing her mixes. Chloe sat at the bar, drowning her drink when she felt someone tap her as she looked over to find her ex. \"Hey Tom.\" Chloe giggled drunkenly. Tom grinned. \"Hey Chloe, let me order you another drink?\" Chloe eagerly nodded. Tom ordered another drink for Chloe as the two talked, Chloe finished her third drink as she look over at Tom. \"Err I should go,\" Tom grabbed her arm, \"Dont leave yet, come on lets go dance.\" Chloe stumbled after him. Becas last song played. \"That's all for tonight! Thanks for coming out.\" Beca rushed out of the booth and went to look for Chloe. She soon to see the redhead,and was leaving with a boy as he wrap his arm around her. Chloe wasnt gonna wait for her to finally admit her feelings but she still felt broken even though she saw it coming Beca kicked the ground. \"Why does this have to be so hard.\" \"Get your hand of of me Tom! I am not interested in you.\" She heard a familiar voice scream, Beca whipped around to see Chloe walking away from the boy. Tom grabbed Chloe from behind and kept a strong grip on her. \"Come on babe.\" Chloe frowned, \"Leave me alone.\" Beca ran over to Chloe and glared over at the guy, \"Who the hell do you think you are?! Leave me alone.\" Beca screamed at the guy. Tom laughed. \"Say out of this. She just drunk right now and she doesn't know whats happening,You think you can just come here and be a hero but Chloes mine.\" Beca punched the guy across the face. \"Actually Chloe's mine.\" Tom glared at her and threw a punch at her and the DJ stumbled back. Beca threw another punch, hitting him strait in the jaw. Beca grabbed Chloe, \"Come on Chloe lets take you home.\" Chloe wrapped her arms around Beca and giggled. \"Your were great tonight and you smell good.\" Beca smirked. 'Thanks.\" \"Beca take me to your house, I don't wanna go home.\" Chloe whinnied as she got in the car, \"Fine.\" Beca nodded They both plopped down on the bed and Chloe almost fell asleep instantly. Beca grinned to herself as she bent down and kissed Chloe on the forehead. \"I love you Chlo and I hope one day I'll have the courage to say it to you while your awake.\" ","Summary":" A/N- Ok so I have decided to go through and fix the story so Im re-editing the chapters so we are a"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Goosebumps","Author":"OfficialWhiteFireTheDragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12106846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"How did I get suckered into this?\" Dominic thought glumly as she looked out the bus window. The green eyes of her reflection stared back. She was going to visit her cousin Amanda Brooks who had just gotten her first job as a police officer in a town called Madison. How that ditsy girl made it through the police academy was a mystery to her. This was not how she imagined spending her break. Dominic had hoped to get at least a little bit further on the book she was writing. Luckily she knew a pack of werewolves that she had helped with a territorial dispute that she could hang out with. They had kids who like her were seventeen. The bus finally reached its destination. Dominic was the only one to get off here. The wind blew her long blonde hair behind her. She grabbed her duffle and looked around at the town thinking how boring this visit was going to be. She had no idea how wrong she was. Dominic didn't see her cousin anywhere but she knew where she lived so she started walking. She knocked on the door and a few seconds later her cousin answered the door with a shocked look on her face. \"Oh no. I'm so sorry. I totally forgot you were coming today.\" She said hugging her cousin. Like I said, she was ditsy. Amanda had shoulder length blonde with waves that put Dominic's to shame as well as brilliant blue eyes. \"What's with the uniform?\" Dominic asked looking her cousin over. She had to admit her cousin almost looked like a police officer. \"Oh I go on duty in about an hour.\" Amanda informed her. \"You'll be on your own tonight but we can hang out tomorrow.\" Dominic smiled. \"I have some friends in town. Maybe I'll stop by the station later and bring you and the other officers a snack.\" Dominic told her cousin. \"Well, be careful.\" Amanda said sarcastically. Dominic rolled her eyes. \"You're not the only one with training you know. I can handle myself.\" She shot back. She had just gotten back from army basic training a few months back. \"Yeah, yeah you're a soldier now. I know\" Amanda joked. Amanda left a short while later saying she didn't want to be late to her first night on the job. Dominic left shortly after to meet up with the wolf pack. They were happy to see her. \"What are you doing here\" Sadie asked her rushing over to her a big smile on her face. Sadie was the alpha's daughter. Before she could answer Leroy, the alpha, approached holding out his hand. \"Good to see you White Fire.\" Dominic smiled taking his hand in a firm handshake. White Fire was her nickname that most of the magical community knew her by. She found it very flattering. \"I'm here visiting my cousin who is just starting as a police officer and I'm just going to go ahead and say this. I'm really sorry but crime rates are probably going to sky rocket.\" The rest of the pack had gathered around and all laughed at this joke. \"All joking aside is she a dragon too?\" Leroy asked. \"No she's a human.\" Dominic informed him. \"Well that's too bad. Wouldn't mind having one of your kind around and on the force. Hey speaking of the force I heard you joined the army.\" He said. Leroy had been in the Marines when he was younger. \"Yes sir.\" She confirmed. Leroy looked down at her his face showing his deep thought. \"Well at least you didn't join the chair force.\" \"he laughed patting her shoulder. They both laughed but none of the other pack members were military so they didn't get the joke. \"Or coast guard.\" Dominic commented. They both laughed harder at this. \"So you guys want to hang out tonight.\" Dominic asked the three young wolves as the rest of the pack walked away. \"Sorry but our homecoming dance is tonight.\" Cody informed her. Dominic pretended to be hurt. \"You guys are gonna abandon me?\" They knew she was joking. \"Well you could come with us to as one of our dates.\" James joked. \"Oh no, my own homecoming dance was hell. I don't want to ruin yours.\" Dominic smiled. \"Go have fun\" \"Will do.\" Sadie smiled giving her a mock salute. Dominic trotted over to the pack alpha. \"Leroy before I forget, as this is not my territory do I have your permission to hunt while here?\" she asked. \"Of course.\" He said without hesitation. They had to leave a short while later to get the younger wolves ready for the dance. She did not envy them. Dominic walked around for a few hours until she came to the grocery store. She decided to make good on her promise to bring her cousin a snack. She knew it was cliché but she bought donuts. She figured her cousin was going to need all the sugar she could get to stay awake. It was dark now. Dominic walked down the back alley to the police station. She had no idea of the chaos that had occurred on the other side of the buildings. Only when she entered the police station through the back did she realize something was wrong.[Chapter 2] The station was almost completely dark but Dominic's dragon eyes allowed her to see clearly. \"Amanda?\" she called, \"I brought you donuts.\" She walked further into the station but didn't see anyone. She set the donuts on a desk. \"Hello?\" Dominic called stepping into lobby. \"Well, hello there.\" Dominic turned to look where the voice had come from. She felt her heart begin to race when she saw the ventriloquist dummy sitting on the couch staring straight at her. \"Amanda that's not funny. You know dolls freak me out.\" Dominic yelled still searching for where her cousin was hiding. Long story short she had dealt with a doll possessed by a demon in the past and it had left her scarred. \"You aren't so bad looking yourself.\" The dummy said shifting positions. Dominic took a step back and finally caught sight of her cousin. She and another officer were trapped in ice. \"Oh crap\" she said turning back to the dummy. His smile grew more menacing and aliens burst through the front door. They fired a freeze ray at her but Dominic easily deflected it with her own ice powers. A ball of purple energy formed in her free hand and she fired it at the aliens knocking them out of the way and giving her a clear exit. Dominic bolted through the open front doors and saw the destruction that had been caused. She didn't stop to gawk. She just continued to run. Slappy got to his feet and hurried to the door laughing. \"Ho we got a runner!\" He whistled and a werewolf came running around the corner. \"Go get her boy\" Slappy commanded. Dominic jumped over fallen powerlines and dodged around cars. She heard snarls coming from behind her and glanced back to see the werewolf pursuing her. It was not one of werewolves she knew. Dominic knew she wasn't going to outrun him in human form and even if she could he could easily track her. She had an idea. Dominic leapt on top of a car using it to gain height and jumped against a wall rebounding and colliding with the werewolf knocking him to the ground. Her claws outstretched and her eyes glowing purple she roared at him revealing that some of her teeth had become sharp. This werewolf looked different than any she had ever seen. Not just the fact that he was wearing tattered clothes which was rare to see in actual werewolves but the shape of his face was different. Much broader than a normal werewolf of his type. His ears were also closer together than they should be. The werewolf pushed away from her yelping in fear. It ran away as fast as it could, whining as he fled. This was a very young werewolf she realized. Dominic retracted her claws and turned back to normal catching her breath. She took a few deep breaths to calm down. She had to face her fear. Dominic waved her hand and a shadow responded, climbing the wall. She passed through it disappearing. \"What is taking so long.\" Slappy demanded growing impatient and tapping his foot. Suddenly the werewolf he had sent after the girl ran past in fear whimpering loudly. \"What the?\" he said open mouthed as he watched the werewolf run down the street. \"You know you shouldn't send a puppy to do an alpha's job\" Slappy jumped and turned to see the girl he had sent the werewolf after sitting in a chair. \"Did I scare you?\" Dominic asked. \"You\" Slappy growled. The room grew darker for a moment. When it returned to normal Slappy had changed positioned but so had Dominic. Slappy was even more surprised so he tried again and the same thing happened. Slappy grew a little frustrated and tried one last time. This time he didn't see her anywhere. \"You know I usually don't let guys get this far till at least the third date.\" Slappy turned to see that he was sitting on her lap with a smile on her face. She was obviously amused at his confusion and didn't often get to play with her prey. Slappy jumped off her lap and backed away from her. \"What are you some kind of witch?\" Slappy demanded. Dominic's eyes glowed purple a she narrowed her eyes at the dummy. \"Why do people always think I'm a witch? She yelled. \"The real question here is what are you?\" The dummy mimicked her glare. \"I am Slappy.\" Dominic studied him. Her eyes turned completely purple. Whatever he was he wasn't a demon which made Dominic feel relieved. Satisfied her eyes returned to normal. \"I am Dominic. You wanna tell me why the town is in chaos?\" \"Oh that.\" Slappy laughed, \"That's what happens when the monsters escaped from their books.\" It was Dominic's turn to be confused. Slappy explained about being trapped in a book for all these years and she couldn't help but feel sorry for the monsters. The destruction also made sense. She had seen what happened when certain monsters first got their powers. Here there were at least a hundred angry monsters emerging from their prison of a book. \"So who trapped you?\" Dominic asked. \"My papa but you would know him as R. L. Stine.\" Slappy said now sitting opposite to her. \"The guy who made the Haunting Hour?\" she asked. Slappy raised an eyebrow. \"What's the Haunting Hour?\" he asked. \"Oh it's a really creepy TV series that I used to watch when I was younger.\" She informed him. \"You're kidding me.\" Slappy gasped. \"No, should I know him from somewhere else?\" Dominic asked. Slappy couldn't tell if she was serious or not. \"He wrote the Goosebumps books.\" Slappy informed her. \"I've never heard of them.\" Dominic stated. Slappy sat back with an awestruck look on his face. \"Boy you must have been sheltered.\" He laughed. \"Tell me something I don't know.\" She smiled. \"So what now?\" Slappy asked studying her. \"Well I don't see a problem with you or the others walking free as long as you follow two simple rules. Keep hidden from humans and do not kill them.\" Dominic stated. \"Why you got to take all the fun out of life.\" Slappy sighed. \"They're not my rules. They are the rules of the magic and monster community.\" She said. \"Monster community?\" Slappy questioned. \"You really think I'm the only monster?\" Slappy was about to say something but a high pitched wail in the distance caught both of their attention. \"Oh no!\" Dominic gasped jumping to her feet. \"What?\" Slappy demanded. \"That's a werewolf distress call.\" She said moving towards the door. \"So something's wrong with one of my papa's werewolves?\" Slappy demanded following her. \"No it's from one of mine.\" She said. \"Wait!\" Slappy called. \"What now?\" Dominic demanded turning back. Her eyes glowed purple. \"You want a ride?\" Slappy grinned pointing to a car that suddenly jumped to life. She felt a little bad now for snapping at him. \"Slappy I appreciate the offer and that is a sweet ride but I can get there faster on my own.\" She said taking off running. \"My car can get there faster.\" Slappy shouted. \"Not unless it fly!\" Dominic called back as her wings appeared in a burst of white fire. In a single powerful flap, she was airborne and moving extremely fast. Slappy gazed up at her smiling. \"You are full of surprises.\" He commented before climbing into the haunted car.[Chapter 3] Dominic soared above the forest frantically searching for any sign of the pack. She saw something flash in moonlight and quickly circled back and landed. She had found the pack but to her horror they were frozen in ice and she had a pretty good idea who had done this. Dominic noticed that they were all frozen in attack positions. She could make out a very faint slow heartbeat. They were alive but in stasis. She would have to be very careful thawing them out. Dominic formed a large fireball between her hands. She moved her hands manipulating the fire to swirl around each werewolf slowly melting them. Slappy arrived a few minutes later. She didn't pay him any attention as she worked her spell. He could only see her silhouette against the fire. Slappy had never seen magic like this before and it intrigued him. \"They're huge.\" Slappy commented looking at the frozen wolves. Dominic spoke a few words in an ancient language Slappy didn't recognize before lowering arms and turning to him. The fire continued on its own. \"They're full grown.\" She replied. Slappy could see her angry glowing eyes. \"You wouldn't be behind this would you?\" Dominic growled, her eyes accusing. \"I didn't do anything.\" Slappy said giving her an innocent look. She was about to accuse further when the sound of ice cracking and gasps from the thawing wolves. She took control of the fire again moving it away from the wolves and gently lowered them to the ground with her telekinesis. She kept the fire over them to continue warming them. Dominic moved to Leroy. He was still gasping for breath. His eyes rolled back as he struggled to move. Dominic moved to her knees to better interact with the massive wolf. \"Easy Marine.\" She cooed. Slappy watched as pale light appeared in her palm and she moved it over the werewolf's body. \"Be still.\" She whispered and the wolf stopped moving. Dominic rested a hand on the wolf's forehead for a few seconds, a look of realization crossing her face. Dominic moved to the four other werewolves and proceeded to heal them. Slappy watched her with increased interest. He noticed that there were three different types of werewolf so he proceeded to ask her about it. \"You're observant.\" She commented. \"Well there are two ways to become a werewolf. You can be born one or infected via bite or blood. The ones that look like giant wolves are genetic while the one that appear more human like were infected. Then you have what is called a genetic infected like the one you sent after me earlier.\" \"I don't get it.\" Slappy said raising an eyebrow at her. \"Nobody does.\" Dominic smiled. \"The best way I can explain it is that they have the werewolf gene but it's not active until they become infected which is why they are larger and more wolf-like than just the straight infected. She finished healing the last wolf. \"Gosh you real monsters are complicated.\" He laughed. \"I don't know you seem pretty real to me.\" Dominic commented as she condensed the fires at the wolves' sides. \"Well they're going to be out of it for a while and it's not a good idea to move them.\" Dominic said rising to her feet. She looked down at Slappy. \"Listen I'm sorry about accusing you earlier. The wolves saw your aliens and freaked out.\" \"What did one of them tell you that?\" he asked. \"No I read one of their minds\" she stated as if it was no big deal. Slappy gave her an odd look. \"Like I said complicated. \"You have no idea.\" She laughed returning to human form. \"Come on I'll give you a ride back to town.\" He said and the car again jumped to life. \"What is it with you and trying to get me in your car.\" Dominic asked. She was joking and Slappy knew it but the car revved as if insulted. Dominic studies the hotrod for a moment. \"Alright,\" she shrugged walking to the car. \"How did you even get this thing in here?\" A magician never reveals his secrets\" Slappy smirked. \"Smart ass.\" She smiled back. She was really starting to like this adorable little dummy.[Chapter 4] \"I have to admit it brings the Fast and Furious side of me out.\" She commented. \"What's Fast and Furious?\" Slappy asked as they got into car. \"It's a series of movies about underground car racing.\" Dominic told him. A thought occurred. The first of the series came out a long time ago and was extremely popular. \"How long have you been trapped in that book?\" she asked. \"What year is it?\" Slappy asked. \"2013.\" \"Well let's see the last time I was out was in 1999 so about fourteen years.\" Slappy sighed. \"Dang. Maybe when this is all over I can take you somewhere safe.\" Dominic commented glancing down at her phone. There was no signal. \"That's weird.\" she knew she had a signal earlier. This could not be good. Slappy noticed. \"Got a hot date or something?\" he asked sarcastically. \"No of course not. You know anyone who would date something like me?\" she asked this time being completely serious. \"You never did tell me what you are.\" Slappy commented. Dominic hesitated before answering. \"I'm a dragon.\" She finally said. \"You're kidding me.\" Slappy laughed looking at her. \"You're not kidding. You're really a fire breathing dragon?\" \"Yep.\" She said unenthusiastically avoiding his eyes. Slappy moved closer to her. Suddenly the car sped up and swerved throwing Slappy back to the driver's side. Dominic was held in place by her seatbelt. The air suddenly became very cold and the seatbelt pulled tighter slowly crushing her. She tried to undo the belt but it would budge. \"Becka stop it!\" Slappy yelled to the back seat. Dominic turned to see who he was yelling at and came face to face the rotting corpse of a girl. Shae was a ghost. \"You should have run when you had the chance. Now you're gonna die\" Becka hissed. The air grew colder and the seatbelt tighter. \"Becka!\" Slappy yelled again but she ignored him. Dominic extended her claws and electricity began to spark between them. Before Becka could react Dominic had reached around and grabbed her chest. Her claws wrapped around where her heart should have been and pulled the ghost closer. Becka was forced to look into her glowing eyes. \"It's gonna take a lot more than you to kill me so I suggest you stop before I really hurt you.\" Dominic threatened. Slappy's eyes flicked back and forth between the two. He could see the electricity increase when Becka did not comply. She began to gasp as if suffocating. The car stuttered in sync. \"Becka!\" Slappy warned again and she finally released Dominic. Dominic retracted her claws releasing the ghost. Becka disappeared from sight but almost as if a final insult the spun in a wide circle throwing Slappy into Dominic before coming to a stop. Dominic jumped out as fast as she could. She shivered from the lingering cold. \"I don't think your car likes me very much.\" she commented as Slappy climbed out of the open door. \"Don't mind her. She's just trying to make a point.\" Slappy said glancing back. \"Don't worry about it. It's not the first time a ghost has tried to kill me and it probably won't be the last. Ghosts don't usually like dragons. Dominic said. This peaked Slappy's interest. \"Any particular reason why? He asked. \"They have a tendency to freak out when they realize we can see them.\" Dominic said checking her phone once again. Still no signal. Not good. \"Slappy I would love to stick around and chat all night but I've got to run some interference on the social before it draws in a ton of hunters.\" She said. Slappy raised an eyebrow at her. \"Hunters? That's what you're afraid of?\" he laughed. \"Very much so.\" Dominic said staying serious and walking away. To Slappy's surprise she quickened into a run and burst into and explosion of white flame surrounded her forcing him to shield his eyes from the brightness. When he looked up his face turned to aw as he watched the massive dragon that had appeared running on all fours open her wings and was in the air in one powerful stroke. \"What is wrong with you Slappy?\" Becka's raspy voice demanded. Slappy turned to see that Becka had reappeared in the seat. Her dead eyes stared down at him full of anger. \"Me? What's your problem Becka?\" Slappy demanded. \"Why are you paying so much attention to that girl?\" Becka demanded. \"You shouldn't even be giving her the time of day! She's not one of us!\" \"Becka just shut up now before I do something that you'll regret.\" Slappy warned narrowing his brown eyes her. She grew silent. \"Good now let's find Stine and end this.\"[Chapter 5] Dominic would have loved to see the look on Slappy's face when she transformed. The expressions when people saw her transform for the first time never got old. She didn't have time to revel in her satisfaction she had to get a message out fast. She had a feeling this was going to get out of hand quickly. She didn't have to worry about any humans who were not frozen looking up and spotting her. Her purple scaled were almost perfect for these nighttime flights. The ground beneath her rushed past in a blur as she came to her cousin's house. She shifted back to human and hurried upstairs and tossed her cellphone on her bed. It was useless to her. Dominic went to the bathroom mirror. \"Please let this work!\" She prayed as she touched the mirror and focused. The glass rippled like a stone in water before smoothing out again. At first she saw nothing but she soon sighed in relieve as her friend Abby appeared shuffling around her bedroom. Abby was like every other goth girl in the world except instead of being gloomy she was the most optimistic person Dominic knew. Abby was also one of the few witches she knew. \"Abby!\" Dominic called but she didn't seem to hear her. \"Abby!\" she called more forcefully. Abby turned to the mirror. \"Dominic I'm so glad to see you what's up?\" Abby smiled. \"I need help.\" Dominic stated. \"What happened?\" Abby asked the smile disappearing from her face. \"Do you know who R. L. Stine is?\" Dominic asked. \"Only one of the best horror writers in history.\" Abby commented. \"Why?\" \"Well because as it turns out they're all real and are tearing this town apart.\" Dominic informed her. Abby's eyes widened. \"All as in all of them? As in every single one? Oh that's really bad but how is that even possible. R. L. Stine isn't a wizard or a sorcerer. I should know I checked!\" Abby declared. \"Beats the heck out of me but what I do know is that they have been trapped in books for years.\" Dominic explained. \"Oh wow I would be angry too if that were me. Wait a minute how do you know they were trapped in books?\" Abby asked. \"Slappy told me.\" Dominic informed her. A look of horror came over Abby's face. \"No! no! no! You cannot believe anything that dummy says. He is evil! She yelled. Dominic thought for a moment that she was going to try to jump through the mirror. \"You need to find Stine and get him to fix this mess!\" \"That's part of the problem. Every monster is out there looking for him too. Abby I think they are going to kill him and everyone in this town.\" Dominic informed her friend. \"Whoa. Now Stine I can understand but everybody?\" Abby responded. \"They've knocked out all communication and frozen pretty much every adult in the town and you know how helpless kids and even teenagers are in these sort of situations. On top of all that all the adult werewolves are down. This is a carefully calculated attack.\" Dominic said. \"Wow that sounds a lot like the books.\" Abby commented. \"I'm headed your way!\" Abby stepped out of view of the mirror. She came back into view a few seconds later. \"Where are you?\" she asked. \"Madison, Delaware and see who you can find to help. All I've got here is three juvie werewolves to work with.\" Dominic said. \"Will do!\" Abby said flashing two thumbs up. Dominic pulled her hand away breaking the connection. Now to find Stine.[Chapter 6] Dominic was soaring high above the town a few minutes later. From up here she could see the full extent of the damage done. She spotted several monsters down below. Mummies, a terrifying looking clown, a yeti, a few werewolves and a giant praying mantis but no humans. Well except for the frozen ones. The monsters didn't pay her any mind. They seemed more interested in the frozen humans. Some of the monsters had started to circle them. Luckily they stopped and she didn't have to intervene. Dominic had almost given up hope of finding Stine when she spotted a group of people running away from the cemetery. She dove and landing in front don't them. \"Don't scream.\" Dominic warned. Despite her warning Champ let out a shrill scream and attempted to flee. Dominic whistled which was very hard to do in this from summoning a shadow beast to bring him back. Her shadow beasts resembled dark grey short haired dogs with skinny tails longer hair on the head and neck, much like a lion, that matted to look like spikes. All her shadow beasts had pure purple eyes the same color as hers signifying the control she had over them. She could make them as big as needed. The one sent after champ carried him in its teeth by the collar of his suit. The shadow beast dropped Champ with the other three. \"Good job now all the monsters know exactly where we are!\" Dominic said summoning three more shadow beasts. \"You're not one.\" of mine the older gentleman commented. \"Wait,\" Dominic said facing him. \"You're R. L. Stine?\" \"Yes and If I might ask are you a real dragon?\" \"I am.\" She said laying down so she could speak to him at eye level, \"You and I are going to fix this.\" Stine nodded. Dominic raised her head sharply. Even from a great distance she could hear the monsters coming. \"They're coming\" she said turning to the three teenagers. \"Quick, take my shadow beasts. They will take you wherever you need to go. She helped the three onto the beasts and commanded the fourth to wait in the shadows. \"What about my dad?\" Hannah asked. \"He's safer with me.\" Dominic commented. \"It's alright Hannah.\" Stine confirmed. Dominic turned back to Stine. \"So what's the plan?\" she asked. \"We need to get them back into a book.\" He said. \"That is a terrible plan.\" She commented. \"Well what would you have me do?\" Stine demanded. \"Talk to them. They're angry at you for trapping them for so long. You hurt them emotionally. They more than likely think you don't care about them anymore. Apologize and maybe they'll listen to reason.\" Dominic said raising to her feet. \"You're wasting your breath.\" They turned to see Slappy leaning against a tree, arms crossed. \"He's not going to apologize because he doesn't care and even if he did no apology can make up for the years he trapped us.\" He commented angrily glaring at Stine. Other monsters chimed in agreeance as they surrounded them. They kept their distance possibly awaiting Slappy's command or they were intimidated by the nine-and-a-half-foot tall dragon. \"Nice work on finding our papa now hand him over.\" Slappy demanded. \"No\" Dominic refused forming a semi-circle around Stine with her body as if to shield him from the monsters. \"You're going to help him trap us again?\" Slappy demanded. \"No I still say that's a terrible Idea that doesn't need to happen but at the same time I can't let you hurt a fifty-year-old man or any human for that matter.\" She stated. \"Actually I'm 71.\" Stine commented. \"Even better. So I'm going to have to do the next best thing. Separate you.\" It was almost impossible for many of the monsters to track what happened next. In a single swift motion Dominic had grabbed Stine by the back of his shirt with her teeth, flung him on her back and was in the air. Stine laid flat against her neck from the sudden burst of speed gripping her long blonde mane as not to fall off. Despite the urgency Dominic didn't risk even flying at half speed for fear of what it would do to Stine. \"Where are we going?\" Stine yelled over the wind. \"Somewhere safe.\" Dominic called back. \"We won't make it. They'll catch us!\" Stine yelled. Dominic glanced back at the rider. \"Please I can outfly anything you got unless you wrote a story with a dragon.\" Dominic commented. Stine looked away and the sudden realization crossed her face. \"You did didn't you?\" Dominic accused. She got her answer as a silver dragon slightly larger than herself collided with them. Though it was unlike any dragon she had ever seen. It more closely resembled a T-rex with wings and spikes. The collision had nearly knocked Stine from her back but he held on tightly to her mane dangling at her side. The dragon had grabbed one of her wings very close to the socket in its sharp teeth during the collision. She suspected that it had gone for Stine but missed. Dominic foolishly kicked her opponent away but his teeth remained in her wing and shredded it as he was forced away from her. Dominic roared at the terrible pain it caused. She tried not to panic as she and Stine fell from the sky. The silver dragon dove after them as they tumbled through the air. Dominic managed to grab Stine and pull him to her chest. If only she could generate a dark enough shadow she could shadow transport him out of danger. That gave her an idea. Most dragon's eyes were light sensitive. Why shouldn't this one be any different and the shadow generated would suffice. \"Stine shut your eyes.\" Dominic commanded. He didn't question her. He didn't want to see his own death. Dominic formed a ball of pure light in her hand and adjusted her wings for more stability forcing herself to stop spinning She had one shot at this. She could see his orange eyes glowing just like her purple ones. The dragon roared when it saw Stine on her chest. Dominic threw the light and quickly turned her back to the dragon. It hit the dragon square in the face blinding it and creating the needed shadow. Dominic pushed Stine through the much darker shadow to safety. Stine may have been safe but Dominic continued to fall. The dragon above her screamed trying to see to no avail and finally gave up the chase. She opened her wings fully in order to slow down but one was too badly damaged and started to tumble again. In a final act of desperation, she pushed against gravity with her telekinesis but she was falling to fast to fully stop. She hit the ground hard and nearly blacked out from the impact. Her body was in such immense pain that she wasn't sure what had been broken. White Fire are you alright? a familiar voice asked in her head. Kayla? I hit the ground pretty hard. I don't think I can get up. Dominic communicated. It's OK, we're coming! Kayla reassured. Dominic lay there motionless. Slappy watch with great satisfaction as Dominic crashed to the ground. She had hit a few branches on the way down. Slappy hoped that it hurt. She deserved it for protecting Stine. How could she after all that told her? Many of the monsters moved to her location. Slappy didn't bother walking. He teleported a few meters away from her. Her eyes were closed and her undamaged wing was drawn across her front like a tent. That must be where Stine was Slappy concluded. Slappy walked over and touched her cheek. To his surprise she opened her eyes. Her glowing purple eyes stared up at him as she growled. Many of the other monsters had caught up. \"Give him to me now!\" Slappy demanded. Dominic's growl turned to chuckle as she managed to lift her wing despite the pain. \"I don't have him.\" She whispered. Many of the monsters roared angrily. Slappy sighed. \"You know I really thought you and I could be friends.\" He said as he turned to walk away. A few of the monsters started to advance on the downed dragon. Dominic chuckled again and Slappy glanced back at her. \"Do you really think I came to this party alone?\" she asked. Slappy's eyes widened at the realization. Everyone looked up at the sound of massive wing beats. The dark blue dragon with black stripes landed on her hind legs roaring angrily. It was Kayla and Abby was on her back. \"Back off you crazy dummy!\" Abby yelled sing her wand in attack. Kayla's purple eyes glowed as blue fire blasted from her jaws forcing the monsters back. Slappy teleported away before the fire could touch him. Dominic changed back to human form as the fire washed over her. Even in human form it did not burn her. Kayla grabbed her in her massive clawed hands and took flight.[Chapter 7] \"Ah! Damn it Sky Runner!\" Dominic yelled in pain at the dragon. \"Sorry.\" She apologized. \"There was another dragon.\" Dominic informed them. \"Yeah we saw the whole thing and took care of it.\" Abby yelled. \"You didn't kill it did you?\" Dominic asked. \"No it's just disabled. It's not a normal dragon and I don't think we can kill it.\" Kayla said as she landed. There was another dragon called Storm Thrasher and Garth, Abby's brother. Kayla set Dominic down against a tree. Her body was covered an enormous bruise covered her body and she could feel several broken ribs and dislocated joints. The two dragons shifted back to human. \"Dang you look awful.\" Michael commented. \"Nothing I can't heal from.\" Dominic countered bringing her wings out. Her wing had stopped bleeding thankfully. \"Storm Thrasher would you be so kind as to move the clouds from the moon so that I may heal.\" She asked. Michael nodded moving his hands. The clouds followed his movements and parted to reveal the moon. The light washed over her. A strange white energy swirled around her. Her bruised slowly disappeared and the gashes in her wing mended themselves. It was much easier to move. Dominic gathered the healing energy into her hand. She moved it to her dislocated hip, wing and shoulder forcing them to relocate and healing the tendons and ligaments before moving on to her broken ribs and pelvis. These took longer to heal. \"Thanks.\" Dominic said getting to her feet. \"Where is Stine?\" Abby asked. \"I have no idea.\" Dominic admitted. \"Hmph of course not. Is there anything about this situation you didn't screw up?\" Garth demanded. Dominic let out a low warning growl. \"Garth! Uncalled for!\" Abby scolded. This was why she hated wizards. They always acted like they were above everyone else especially creatures like herself. Abby was the odd exception to this. \"I might not know but I know someone who might.\" Dominic said. She whistled summoning the four shadow beasts from earlier. \"Show me.\" She commanded. Her eyes turned completely purple like the shadow beasts as she went through their memories. As it turns out the beast she had put on standby had been waiting in the shadows and had pulled him out. It followed the last order she had given and had taken him where he needed to go. \"The high school.\" Dominic said breaking the connection. \"Abby you're with me. Storm Thrasher can you handle negative Nancy over there.\" Storm Thrasher reluctantly nodded eyeing Garth. This was her way of establishing that she was the one in charge. Abby climbed onto her back and Dominic took flight. \"Abby I know asked for help but did you really have to bring him along?\" Dominic asked. \"I know he can be a pain to you guys but he's a skilled wizard and I thought he could help.\" Abby apologized. They hurried to the school. The monsters had started their charge. They had to move to move quickly. \"Get ready to shift! I'm going to shadow transport us inside!\" Dominic called back to the others. She could see the two dragons consumed by blue fire as they shifted back to human as she touched the wall opening a shadow portal and shifting herself. The shifting caused Abby and Garth to be thrown forward. Dominic caught them both with her telekinesis while the dragons used their claws and agility to safely skid to a stop. \"Sorry about that guys\" Dominic apologized setting them down. \"That was awesome!\" Abby smiled. \"You could have killed us!\" Garth accused. \"Have some faith in my skill.\" Dominic countered. They looked around they were in a deserted hallway. Dominic could hear the monsters beginning to break in to the school. The group hurried towards the chaos and ran into the three young werewolves of the local pack. \"Whoa!\" Dominic called stopping everyone's attack, \"There natives!\" She turned to the three werewolves. \"This is your school so which way. Cody pointed down a side hallway and gestured with a clawed hand to follow. Both he and James were genetic-infected werewolves while Sadie was a genetic like her father. They hurried after the werewolves to the gym. Students were hurrying to a room. Zach spotted them and freaked out when he saw the three werewolves. He ran over to her thinking she was a human. \"Come on hurry!\" he urged pulling her toward where the people were running. \"Dude let go.\" She commanded flashing her purple eyes at him. He jumped back. \"Oh my gosh you're the dragon.\" He stuttered. \"Yeah I am. Now get! We'll hold the line.\" She commanded. \"We?\" Zach asked stepping back further. \"We.\" Dominic confirmed shifting into dragon form. Storm Thrasher and Sky Runner followed suit as the monsters entered. \"No fire guys. I don't want to burn down the school.\" Dominic said. They formed a wall against the army of monsters. The dragons swiped with their massive claws. The werewolves lunged forward snapping their teeth and forcing the monsters back. Abby and Garth used a string of paralyzing and stunning spells. At one point the Sadie and the werewolf of Fever Swamp got into a one on one fight. They wrestled around but Sadie prevailed throwing him into several other monsters. Somehow they were holding them back. To everyone's surprise the monsters suddenly retreated. \"Did that seem too easy to anyone else?\" Dominic asked. Everyone but Garth agreed. \"They ran away because they knew they couldn't beat us.\" He commented. The monsters had seemed afraid of her before but still. They wouldn't leave unless. \"Oh no.\" Dominic said the sudden realization hitting her. \"He didn't!\" She shifted back to human form and burst into where the humans were hiding. Sure enough Stine and the three musketeers were gone. \"You've got to be kidding me\" she exclaimed. \"We've got to find him\" Abby stated. \"Can you track him?\" Dominic asked the werewolves. Sadie nodded and they hurried out of the school. The dragons ran behind the wolves carrying the wizards as they tracked. Suddenly there was a massive explosion on one of the roads. \"I'm guessing he's not that way\" Dominic commented. A light appeared in the forest in the direction they were headed. \"I think I know where we're headed.\" Dominic called taking point. They came upon a small amusement park but the monsters had gotten there first. They arrived in time to see the Ferris wheel come loose and roll down the hill. They could hear the screams of the kids inside. Dominic spotted Stine trapped in what looked like a blob of Jell-O. \"Go!\" she commanded nodding in the direction of the Ferris wheel, \"I'm going after Stine.\" Dominic leapt down the hillside as the others chased after the Ferris wheel. Dominic approached the blob cautiously. \"Are you OK?\" she asked. \"He's fine.\" Slappy said appearing behind her. She turned to face him. \"I didn't think you'd be up and walking again so soon after your rough and tumble\" he commented. \"I heal fast.\" She shrugged. The blob moved closer to her. It didn't seem to fear her like the other monsters had. A wall of fire appeared between them and the blob ceased its advance. \"This doesn't have to end badly Slappy. My offer still stands. I can still take you and the others far away from here, somewhere safe. Just walk away.\" She pleaded. Slappy narrowed his eyes. \"It's too late. If they open that book it will be all over.\" He growled. The sudden realization hit her. The kids had the book. That was why the monsters were chasing them. She bolted after them, bounding through the forest like a big cat but she didn't see any of her companions but she did hear underbrush being crushed loudly. They must have been fighting monsters She spotted the kids but she was too late. \"Scatter!\" she yelled just as they opened the book. A blue light shot into the sky and heavy winds pulled towards the book. Monsters rushed past her and she could only inch closer staying low to the ground as not to get hit. She wasn't close enough to use her telekinesis. She watched as the girl who had opened the book faded into a ghostly form and disappeared into the book. Slappy was the final one to be sucked into the book and Champ closed it.[Chapter 8] Dominic got up and walked towards the two boys. She thought Champ was going to scream again. \"Holy crap! You're really not a Goosebumps monster. You're real.\" Champ squeaked. \"Very real and very angry.\" Dominic growled. She was about to continue but her companions showed up. \"I'll deal with you in a minute.\" She warned turning and walking towards the others. \"What happened?\" she asked. \"We were trying to keep these monsters off of those kids.\" Sky Runner informed her. \"Good job guys. You were a huge help. I can handle it from here.\" Dominic said. Sky Runner and Storm Thrasher nodded before walking away. \"Abby can I talk to you and Garth?\" Dominic asked. \"Sure.\" Abby said. \"I need a favor. I need you to not report this to the wizard council.\" She asked. \"Are you out of your mind?\" Garth accused, \"He's a no-maj who somehow managed to bring over a hundred monsters to life.\" \"He might not be a no-maj. You don't have to be a wizard or sorcerer to have magic\" Dominic challenged. Abby was conflicted on the matter but she eventually agreed not to report the incident. Garth on the other hand did not. Dominic would have to think of a solution later. Stine had appeared. Champ handed him the book. Dominic walked over and lowered herself to the ground. \"Come on. I'll give you a ride. I'll stay on the ground this time.\" She promised. \"That's very kind of you.\" Stine commented. The three humans climbed onto her back. She walked slowly in silence for a while before she decided to speak. \"So how did you do it?\" she asked. Stine didn't have to ask what she was talking about. He told her about the type writer and his story. \"Interesting has anyone else ever written anything else on the type writer?\" she asked. \"Besides Zach finishing typing the story yes.\" Stine informed her. \"Well that's not good.\" Dominic said. \"Why is that?\" Stine asked. \"It means that this is probably a joint magic attachment. The magic in the type writer only works when you write the story. You're a target now to multiple parties.\" Dominic sighed. \"You need to be careful.\" \"Wait who is after him?\" Zach asked. \"The wizard council for one. They are incredibly resentful of anyone who's not a wizard and have magic.\" She said. \"Even monsters?\" Champ asked. \"Especially monsters. The other group to worry about would be hunters. If any of this were to get out and they found out about it, they would use you to create monsters for them to kill and sell the hides and other products on the black market. He would literally be a walking gold mine to them.\" Stine decided to change the subject. \"You know you don't look like a normal dragon…\" It was true. She and the others did not share the normal characteristics seen in depictions of dragons. They all had manes, shorter necks, were slimmer and built for running much like a big cat \"My name is White Fire.\" She said, \"and no I'm not a normal dragon. I'm a draconidaes, a person with a dragon form and powers. We just let ourselves be called dragons for convenience.\" \"You'd make an interesting character for one of my books.\" Stine commented. \"Don't you dare!\" Dominic warned. \"Besides you don't know the first thing about us.\" \"So tell me.\" Stine insisted. \"All you need to know is that we are protectors.\" She stated. \"Protectors from what?\" Zach asked. Dominic chuckled. \"Kid If I told the stuff that was really out there you'd be to scare to leave your house.\" She commented. \"I write horror books for a living. Nothing you tell me could scare me that much.\" Dominic laughed again. \"I might just have to read those books after this ordeal.\" They had arrived back in town. \"Alright everybody off I need to get to work on fixing this damage.\" Dominic. The humans climbed off her back and she shifted back to human form. \"Stine I'm sorry about your daughter.\" She apologized. Sorrow came over his face. \"Thank you\" he replied. Dominic thawed the humans using the same process as with the wolves. She then proceeded to fix the structural damage caused by the monsters. Champ got extremely excited watching her do actual magic. Dominic raised an eyebrow at him. \"He did the same thing when he found out who I was.\" Stine commented. \"Of course he did. He's a fanboy.\" She said shaking her head, \"Oh and speaking of fans, I'm a huge fan of the Haunting Hour. Scary Mary was my favorite episode.\" Stine laughed. \"You've never read my books but you've seen the Haunting Hour?\" \"I grew up small town with an even smaller library. There are a lot of books I didn't get to read.\" Dominic commented. Now for the hard part. She had to determine the best way to do a memory charm alone for this many people and on top of that what was going to be the cover story. She turned to Stine. \"Can I pick you brain for an idea?\" she asked. \"What kind of idea?\" \"I need a cover story that explains any damage I missed and a loss of time.\" She said. \"Why? He asked. \"Because if I don't a lot of people are going to retaliate against you and then word will get out and more chaos will ensue.\" \"Fair point. How about an earthquake?\" Stine said \"Doesn't account for time loss.\" Dominic commented. \"Chemicals in the water?\" he suggested. \"That wouldn't cause damage.\" She replied. Stine thought long and hard. \"How much control do you have when you erase someone's mind?\" he asked. \"A bit why what did you have in mind?\" she questioned. \"Is it possible for you to not erase their minds but to instead make them forget only when they are about to retaliate or tell someone who doesn't already know?\" Stine asked. \"Yes that's possible and straggly specific.\" Dominic commented, \"How did you come up with that?\" \"I did something like it in one of my books\" he stated. \"OK now I definitely need to read these books.\" She laughed. She had to go through each mind individually making sure they hadn't taken any pictures or videos. She also made sure any monster that they had seen they thought was one of Stine's. She did this for everyone in the town save for Champ, Zach and of course Stine. She felt they could handle the truth. By the end of the night she was exhausted. Dominic ended up sleeping for most of the day. Her cousin didn't disturb her. When she finally did wake up she checked on the adult werewolves. They had healed nicely since the night before. Even the humans had started to recover. While she was walking she noticed Zach on the other side of the street. She couldn't believe who she saw walking with him. It was Hannah. Had Stine opened the book? Were there other monsters running loose? Her fears were quickly nullified as she read Zach's mind. Stine had written another Hannah into existence. She would have to talk to him about this. Zach spotted her and walked over. \"What are you still doing here?\" he asked. \"I'm stuck here till tomorrow and I thought I'd check for any damage I missed last night.\" Dominic informed him. \"You did a really good job on clean up.\" Hannah commented. \"Why thank you Hannah and might I say it is good to see you out of the book. I just wish I could say the same about the others.\" Dominic said. \"Whoa do you honestly think it would be a good idea for them to run free again. I mean you saw what they did!\" Zach challenged. \"I saw monsters that were angry and retaliated from being trapped in the first place. On top of that I'm not too crazy about trapping monsters in books in the first place.\" Dominic countered. \"Wow.\" Zach said shaking his head. Dominic flashed her eyes purple. \"Don't pretend you know more about this than I do.\" Dominic growled. \"You humans are so prejudice sometimes. You only see what you choose to and in case you've forgotten Hannah is one of those monster that you insist should be locked away but you choose to look past it simply because she looks human.\" Zach seemed shocked. \"OK break it up.\" Hannah stepped in, \"You both have points.\" \"Hannah what are you saying?\" Zach asked. \"I'm saying that being trapped like that is horrible.\" Hannah informed him. \"But you weren't trapped.\" Zach commented. \"Yes I was. Somehow my dad was able to get me out of the book without setting anyone else free.\" Hannah said. Dominic was impressed but she didn't feel like continuing the argument with Zach. It was like talking to a brick wall. \"I got to go guys. See you.\" She hadn't been walking for very long when Champ came running up to her. \"There you are!\" he panted. \"I've been looking everywhere for you!\" \"Why is something wrong?\" Dominic asked. \"I was just told that I'm a werewolf now because I bit one.\" He squeaked. \"Hold on Champ. Firstly, you bit a werewolf?\" She asked. \"Uh yeah see I was protecting this girl I like…\" \"I don't need those details.\" She cut him off, \"What I do need to know is who told you that you were a werewolf.\" \"A couple of kids in my class, James and Cody.\" It was really hard for Dominic not to laugh at this information. Her inner trickster came out and she decided to play along. \"Well sorry to tell you this but their right. You've got until the next full moon before you change.\" She told him. \"Oh no. That's in five days Is there anything you can do?\" he asked. \"I don't know it depends on how tight of a hold the curse has on you. Tell me since the incident have you been jumpy?\" she asked. \"Yes\" Champ answered. \"have you been bolder?\" she asked \"a little\" he replied. \"What about any heightened senses like hearing.\" Dominic asked. \"Now that you mention it.\" He confirmed. \"Sorry Champ, there's nothing I can do at this point.\" She apologized. \"Oh man. What should I do?\" he squeaked. \"The most obvious thing is to lock yourself up but the most important thing to remember is to not fall asleep. You'll lose control doing that.\" Dominic said. \"Oh man thanks for your help.\" Champ said hurrying away. James and Cody rushed up behind her and tried to scare her. \"Hey guys.\" She said before they reached her causing them to stop. \"How'd you know it was us?\" Cody laughed. \"I just did.\" She shrugged. \"For a second we weren't sure if you were going to tell him or not.\" James said. \"I needed a little humor after last night.\" she commented. \"You think we should tell him?\" James asked as they watched Champ who was obviously in a panic. \"Eventually. I mean he'll figure it out when he doesn't transform if we don't.\" Dominic said. \"For now just let him squirm.\" A thought occurred to her. \"It's not possible for him to turn is it?\" she asked. \"I've never heard of it happening but them again I've never heard of a person biting a werewolf either.\" James said. \"Same here.\" Cody confirmed. \"Well if anything happens I'm sure you can handle it\" she said patting the boys. Dominic sat at the bus station waiting to go home. \"Mind if I sit?\" Dominic looked up to see Stine. She nodded. \"So you're headed home.\" He said. \"Yep.\" She replied. \"Hannah told me what was said. I can assure you they are safe.\" He said. \"Are they?\" Dominic questioned. \"You are only human after all. I could protect them.\" Stine smiled. \"I appreciate the offer by they are my children and my responsibility and believe me I wish I didn't have to lock them in the book.\" He said. This shocked Dominic. Stine seemed to legitimately care about his creations. \"I may have been too quick to judge you.\" she admitted. \"It's OK most people think I'm strange.\" He laughed. \"Oh no you are definitely the strangest human I have ever met. You didn't even freak out when you saw me in dragon form.\" Stine smiled at this. \"The judgement I was talking about was that you didn't care about the monsters.\" She said. \"Did Slappy give you that idea?\" he asked. \"Yeah I hung out with him for a while before I ran into you. He was actually really nice until I tried to protect you.\" Dominic said. This surprised Stine. \"Slappy was nice to you?\" he asked. \"Why is everyone so surprised by this?\" She asked. \"Slappy has never been nice to anyone except me when I was younger. He must really like you.\" Stine commented. \"Which remind here\" He handed her a copy of Night of the Living Dummy . \"Thank you. Oh I have something for you to. I was just going to send it via vulture mail, which is exactly what it sounds like, but since you're here I may as well give it to you. Just don't open it until I'm gone.\" Dominic said handing him the letter. Her bus pulled into the station and she hurried over. She turned back for a second. \"Oh before I forget can you tell Champ I was just messing with him.\" Dominic called back before getting on the bus. Stine waved to her and walked away. He opened the letter. Don't worry about the shadow beasts if you happen to spot them. I left a few there just in case anything supernatural or hunters do come after you. They will alert me if there is something they can't handle. I included my address if you want to chat. – White Fire Dominic studied the cover. Slappy was there and he looked incredibly creepy but the details were similar except here he had blue eyes instead of brown. She opened the book to read but Stine had left a note of his own. Never stop being who you are, scary. – R. L. Stine . Dominic smiled and began to read. ","Summary":" \"How did I get suckered into this?\" Dominic thought glumly as she looked out the bus window. The "},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"The Beating Doll","Author":"Villainluvr97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12579946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/n: i own nothing. Everything belongs to the rightful owner. Only the Oc.) It coldest day in September, kids in school while their parents have gone to that day and for some relax. A woman rode on her motorbike with a side cart around town looking for a shop. Her emerald eyes spotted a mini market to see the owner with a month old infant and a man swiping the floors at the front. \"Hi Mom,Dad, and my little Maya.\" Said the woman. She got off her bike and walked to the owner and the child. \"She was missing you all day, Luciana.\" Said the owner. \"Oh you did.\" Said Luciana holding a dark brown hair girl wrapped in a blanket. Maya rubbed her eyes slowly opening them to see a honey hazel color reaching her small hand towards Lucianna's silverhair. \"There goes those children again.\" Said the man seeing fivechildren chasing a young boy wearing glasses and dirty school uniform holding a tissue and notebook. \"Dad, is little boy new in the neighborhood.\" Said Luciana watching them turn the corner. \"No he lived here for eight years now. I recently spoken with his parents and explained that the poor boy has serious allergies which keeps him inside except for school.\" Said the father. \"Well I better have a talk with them later.\" Said Luciana looking her father. \"Like scare them of because of our family name.\" Said the father. \"Harold. It doesn't mean anything.\" Said the mother. \"I'm being serious Abigail. Those rumors here in Columbus are getting out of control and not to mention our daughter has to raise a child alone.\" Said Harold. \"Well I'm going to the house with my daughter while you two stop arguing.\" Said Luciana getting the carrier strapped onto the bike securely and gently placed Maya putting the safety belt on. \"See you at home.\" Said Luciana putting her helmet on and covered Maya from the cold. She started her engine and drove off carefully to the neighborhood five blocks away. Parking into the driveway Luciana took her helmet off shaking her hair and flipped it to her right side and saw the kids again in front of a house across the street throwing rocks at a window. \"Come on Maya.\" Said Luciana taking the straps off. She opened the door after unlocking it heading to her room upstairs putting her daughter down in the play pin. Luciana looked both ways making sure no cars were coming and slowly walked towards the kids with a serious face. \"Come out, Stine.\" Said a boy throwing a small rock at a window. \"What's the matter afraid of a little dirt.\" Said a girl with realizing that Luciana's shadow hovered over them. The boy looked curiously at Luciana from his window as one of the kids stopped and slowly turned around in fear. \"It's The Elm Witch!\"Said the boy with blonde hair making the kids look at her and ran off screaming. \"Hey, Stine. Was it? Are you hurt?\" Said Luciana as the boy opened his window. \"I'm fine. Thanks for that miss.\" Said the boy. \"Luciana White. Don't worry about those kids. If you run into them after school just come to my parents shop or my house over there. What's your name?\" Said Luciana. \"Robert Stine. Well I was very nice to meet you but I have to work on something.\" Said Robert. \"That's fine. Bye Robby.\" Said Luciana rushing inside as Maya started crying. The sun was going down as Luciana got the table ready for dinner. \"Hey, can you get three more plates? The Stines want to join us for what you did for their son.\" Said Abigail from the kitchen. \"On it.\" Said Luciana taking them out of the near by cabinet. \"Come on this way mother.\" Said Harold holding an elderly woman out the basement. She was wearing a beige dress with a black shawl over her slightly hunched back with raven cane in her boney hand. \"Keep talking to me like a child. I'll make you regret it,boy.\" Said the woman getting to her seat. \"Jani please don't do anything weird again. The neighbors will be coming over any minute.\" Said Luciana taking sleepy Maya upstairs to the crib. \"We'll see.\" Said Jami putting her cane down on the arm chair. Ding Dong. \"Coming.\" Said Harold walking to the door. He opened the door to see a couple and Robert holding the note book again. \"Welcome Stines. Dinner is almost ready. Please take a seat.\" Said Harold letting them in. They walk to the dinner table looking around seeing Luciana carrying Maya down the stairs. \"Hi I'm Luciana and this is my daughter, Maya.\" Said Luciana shaking their hands. \"Lets have a seat while Maya her bottle.\" Said Luciana walking into the kitchen. \"She woke up.\" Said Abigail turning the stove off. \"No she just needs her bottle.\" Said Luciana putting the bottle into the microwave for a minute. \"Harold can you get the high chair.\" Said Abigail. \"Why can't hold my own great granddaughter.\" Said Jami. \"Mother.\" Said Harold giving her a look while pulling the high chair out of closet. \"It fine dad and Jami canfeed her.\" Said Luciana walking to the table. She put the high chair at the end between her seat and Jami while Robert sat across from her next to his mother and father. \"Alright here we go spaghetti squash with meatballs and tomato sauce. I hope that's fine with you Robert.\" Said Abigail. \"Perfect thank you.\" Said Robert. \"So Robby your a writer.\" Said Luciana curiously. \"Yeah but I'm not sure if there any good.\" Said Robert looking a the note book. \"Maybe I can help. I did takeliterature and writing class back in high school and in college.\" Said Luciana handing the warm bottle to Jami to feed Maya. \"You sure cause I don't want tointrude.\" Said Robert. \"Don't worry about it I can stop by at your place after school if that alright with your parents.\" Said Luciana taking a drink of her water.\"That's very excellent so what did I hear about the elm witch going around.\" Said Mr. Stine. \"This better be good.\" Said Jami. \"Mother. We discuss this earlier.\" Said Harold. \"Well you see my mother had friends that have a unique gift of helping others and some not so much. We don't really don't to talk about it.\" He said. \"So how do like the food?\" Said Abigail changing the subject. \"Very goodactually.\" Said Mrs. Stine as Robert was halfway done. \"Anyways Robby can I read what have so far?\" Said Luciana. \"Ok here.\" Said Robert giving her his notebook. Luciana read the title,'Welcome to Dead House' and continued on the chapter while Jami look over her shoulder interested. \"Woah. I'm getting the chills by reading this. Robby you got a gift. Sure there's a little spelling correction but this is good.\" Said Luciana. \"Glad your enjoying it.\" Said Robert. Luciana finishedthe pages and gave it back o in time for everyone to get some rest. \"Goodnight Stines. Don't let the bedbugs or the ghouls scare ya out of bed.\"Said Luciana closing thedoor after they crossed the street. Luciana cleaned the dishes while her parents took maya to her crib and Jami went down to the basement. Jami looked around her cabinets and pulled out some jars to make a drink of some kind.[Chapter 2] It's been a few months since Luciana and Robert got to know each other. She would help him improve with the stories and enjoyed Roberts creativity. Sure they give the kids in the neighborhood when they read it out loud. It was a Saturday afternoon, Luciana and Jami walked to the stores after their meallooking around. \"What are we looking for Jami.\" Said Luciana entering an old thrift store. \"I just got a friend to save me a special plant.\" Said Jami and saw a man cleaning the china plates. \"Jamilia my uncle is in the back.\" Said the man. \"Thanks Joshua. Be right back Luciana.\" Said Jami walking through the door behind the counter. Luciana looked at the shelves with old books and spotted a case. She opened it to show a typewriter with a label. \"A classic 1940's typewriter with empty books included for free.\" Luciana reads. \"How much is this?\" Said Luciana looking at John putting the plates in the display. \"Oh that. It's 200. Rumor has it that the person who used it went insane and tossed at the front door.\" Said Joshua walking towards her. \"If you trying to scare me. It's not working besides my friend Robert.\" Said Luciana playing smacking him on the arm. \"But I'll take it.\" She said giving the money. \"Perfect let me get the books included and a box. \"Thanks.\" Said Luciana. \"Found anything.\" Said Jami carrying a small bag and bride doll. \"Yeah and you got what you need.\" Said Luciana grabbing the box from Joshua. \"Of course also keep a look out.\" Said Jami walking past Luciana. \"On what?\" Luciana muttered following her grandmother. They walked down the walkway but a car almost hit Luciana and Jami. \"Hey watch it.\" Said Luciana glaring at the driver then was shocked to realize who they are. \"Well well well if isn't my beautiful girlfriend and her crazy witch grandma.\" Said the man stepping out of the car. \"What did punk call me? You about get a serious ass whopping from an old lady.\" Said Jami swinging her cane at the man. \"Jami don't hurt him . . . Yet.\" Said Luciana. \"You no right to be here, Bret.\" She said putting the box down. \"You wound me. I'm here to be with my fa-\" Luciana shook her left hand after giving Bret a right hook when he was close enough. Bret backed up a bit touching his bottom lip to see a drop of blood and slowly went to his car smirking at Luciana the whole time. Luciana picked up the box and ran across the street when the light turned green. She walked back to Jami to their shop as Bret drove past them with the same smirk plastered on his face. \"He had it coming.\" Said Luciana turning the corner. \"Yeah but it's not over.\" Said Jami. \"So what did you get from Ben.\" Said Luciana. \"Just theingredient that I was looking for. Me and Bella have had a hard time searching for it.\" Said Jami looking a bit upset. \"I know Jami. You miss her after those boys found her in the tree years ago.\" Said Luciana.\"I'll be fine. I'm tough at heart remember that.\" Said Jami pointing a finger at Luciana. \"Aren't you always. Now come on. Mom can't work and take care Maya at the same time.\" Said Luciana. \"You can go the house while I'll watch over my little Choco.\" Said Jami. \"Alright but no funny business when I get back.\" Said Luciana as they made their separate ways. After twenty minutes went by Luciana made a quick stop at the Stines house. She put the box down and pressed the door bell button. The door open to show Mrs. Stine withRobert on the floor writing ona new notebook that was done on the last page. \"Luciana good to see you.\" Said Mrs. Stine letting her inside with the box. \"Hi Robby. What story are working on this time.\" Said Luciana sitting next to him. \"I'm almost done with 'Night of the living Dummy.' Just one more chapter.\" Said Robert. \"Good to hear and I'm looking forward to reading it but I have pick up Maya. Anyways before I go something caught my attention at the shop and thought you would love it.\" Said Luciana pushing the box towards Robert. Robert opened and smiled. \"A typewriter with books. Thanks Luci. I'll never forget about this.\" Said Robert giving her a hug. \"Anytime Robby. Just a little heads up. That no matter how hard things get in life. Every lesson is made by mistakes and memories that's shared with the ones you love.\" Said Luciana rustling his hair and left on her parents back up car. As she was driving a police siren was heard and saw the car speed past her. Her phone rang and picked it up by pressing the speaker button. \"Hey.\" Said Luciana. \"Bret just took Maya and left somewhere with the shops money.\" Said Harold. Luciana looked at her phone and a quick thought of where they might be. \"You have to worry. There's only one way out of this. I love you,mom, and Jami. Tell Robert that he'll do an amazing job someday and I'm sorry.\" Said Luciana tearing up in sadness and anger.\"What are y-\" Harold got up as Luciana did an illegal turn towards the small woods that was close to the town. Luciana drove into the path leading deeper into the woods where an abandoned cabin should be. Getting out of the car she walked around for an hour now listening carefully knowing that Maya would've been heard by now. Then she heard it a crying of baby and followed it. She ran at the direction finding the old rotten cabin where the crying continued and slowly Luciana walked inside. \"Now lets have a little fun. Shall we?\" Said Bret closing the door shut behind her. He started throwing hard punches in the gut and threw her across the room landing on the table. Luciana got to the floor forminga fist and swung at Bret only to dodge it. He grabbed her the hair and slammed her face into the wall a few times until Luciana found a shard glass stabbing him on the shoulder. Bret let go of her to fall the glass out giving her enough time to grab a piece of wood and hit him over the head knocking him down. Luciana ran to the room hearing Maya's cries finding her on a messy bed. \"Come on sweetie let get home.\" Said Luciana holding her in her arms. Click. \"Not on my watch.\" Said Bret holding a gun at them. Luciana gasped holding Maya against her chest and jumped through the window as the bullets began flying. Grunted in pain Luciana began running to the car not caring about her wound. Making into the car Luciana put maya in the back seatand was aboutthe police of where they are but Bret smashed the window ready it shoot again only to get shoot in the back from behind. There stood an old man with a baseball cap wearing overallsholding the gun used and knocked Bret out with hard right hook. He looked over to see Luciana holding Maya's hand no longer moving. \"Don't you worry Maya. Grandma Jami has everything taken care of.You'll see.\" Said Ben as the police cars showed up.[Chapter 3] After the news of the death of Luciana White spread throughout the town. The Stines joined in for the funeral because of how much Robert was like brother to her and enjoyed sharing his time writing with her. He looked over to see Abigail holding Maya on her lap wiping her eyes as Harold comforted her. But what surprised him was that Jami hovered over the casket talking in a strange language. \"Robert lets get home before your allergies kicks in.\" Said his mother making turn toward to her then back at Jami who walked away. \"Ok.\" Said Robert walking out of the funeral home with a photo of Luciana. Later that night Jami came back to the grave with a bag and the doll she bought before. She kneeled down and pulled out a container of salt pouring a pentagram pattern onto the fresh dirt above the grave. After she was done she gently placed the doll that was changed out of the bride dress and its hair loose on the drawing. \"Spirits of the holy god, I transfer my grandchild's soul into this dolls body. Luciana Saraphina White will become a doll on this night onto this earth. Make this her new body, spirits of the Holy Spirit. She will be awaken as this doll, awake!\" Jami chanted as it the rain clouds came suddenly. After saying this thirteen times she pulled out a potion she made into the dolls mouth leaving the last drop fall in and left a note in the dolls pocket in a small plastic bag. Twenty four years later ~ A woman and her kids lived in a house right behind the forest of Madison. She was in the kitchen washing the dishes while her son was playing fetch with a huge black wolf and her daughter was playing tea with a doll. \"Hey Lily. Can you and Austin clean up the game room before your father gets here?\" Said the mother. \"But I don't want to do it.\" Said Lily. \"You want to face Sara again.\" Her mother warned. \"No, but can she come to the store with us.\" Said Lily hugging the doll. \"Alright but don't lose her.\" Said the mother as Lily went to the back yard. \"Kids.\" She muttered smiling. \"They sure act like their father sometimes.\" Said the doll startling the mother. \"I always forget that your here.\" Said the mother putting a hand over her heart. \"I'm sorry Maya. Didn't mean to scare you again.\" Said the doll as lily and Austin went inside tracking dirt. \"Austin!\" Said the doll. The boy with blondehair stopped and face the doll. \"Yeah Annie.\"Said Austin. \"What didwe tell you about the shoes?\" Said the doll walking to the boy. \"I know dirty shoes off.\" Said Austin taking them off and put them on the side kitchen door. \"Thank you and get dress.\" Said Maya. \"Are we seeing Mr. Stine?\" Said Austin in excitement. \"Um . . . No, Austin. We can't not yet anyways. But I'll read you his books that I helped with.\" Said Annie. \"Yes!\" Said Austin running upstairs to his room. \"Let me go get Max back to the abandoned Carnival.\" Said Annie walking to the back door. \"Ok mom. Be careful.\" Said Maya drying her hands. \"Your sounding like my mother.\" Said Annie going through the small door. \"I heard that mom.\" Said Maya smiling at her. Annie whistled out to the canine looking around to find him and heard barking around the corner of the house. \"Max! Come to Mama Luciana.\" Said Annie patting her knees. The wolf ran and licked the doll happily making her laughed. \"Down.\" Said Luciana pointing to the ground. Max lowered his head so Luciana can climb up and walked to the wooden gate leading to the forest. She pulled out the pin and pushed it as they went down the path while a figure watched from the upstairs window next door. Luciana looked around the area as they walked but Max stopped his tracks and froze listening. \"Hello?\" Said Luciana in her robotic doll voice. Footsteps were heard making Max turned his head to see a girl wearing a green hoodie, jeans, and a ponytail holding her light brown hair back. The girl looked at Luciana curiously and started poking her for any buttons. \"Come on I saw you moved and talk like a person.\" Said the girl. \"Hi, I'm Luci. What's your name?\" Said Luciana acting like doll. \"I'm Hannah. But who or what are you?\" Said Hannah poking Luciana in the eye. \"Ow! Didn't anyone tell its rude to poke someone's eye out.\" Said Luciana making Hannah scream. Max then ran off making Luciana fall off as Hannah started at her in shock. \"Who are you?\" Said Hannah. \"My name is Luciana White. You've heard of me?\" Said Luciana. \"Yeah my dad said she was his best friend and died years ago. But how do I know if your really her?\" Said Hannah kneeling down. \"Back in Ohio I was called The elm witch and I called a boy named Robert Stine, Robby. I help him improve his writing for months until I died.\" Said Luciana dusting herself. \"Ok well I better go before my dad knows I'm gone.\" Said Hannah getting up as Luciana walked back to where she and max went through. \"Can you get out of here?\" Said Hannah. \"Not really but if you help me then ill help you on anything.\" Said Luciana. \"Ok but it's going hard trusting you\" said Hannah picking her up and walked back to their house. \"Thank you and I'll tell you about I ended up like this. Deal?\" Said Luciana reaching a hand out. \"Deal.\" Said Hannah shookthe dolls hand and went inside the house. Luciana watched as the man started panicking about herwhere she went. \"Dad I was talking with our neighbors that's all.\" Said Hannah as Maya walked out. \"Mom, come on lily and Austin are waiting in the car.\" Said Maya as Stine opened the back door glaring at her. \"Oh there you are.\" Said maya picking Luciana up as doll and went back in. Luciana put her index towards her lips as Hannah looked behind her father. \"Mom what happened back there?\" Said Maya putting Luciana into Lilys arms. \"Lets say that I made a new friend. That's all I'm going to say.\" Said Luciana.\"You and Jami are always similar sometimes.\" Said Maya pulling out of the driveway and headed to the store. \"Hey Annie.\" said Austin. \"Yeah Austin what's up?\" said Luciana looking at him. \"I kinda have a history report on our family background and i hope that you can help me on it.\" said Austin. \"Why cant you ask your mother?\" said Luciana. \"Yeah i know the history of our family.\" said Maya. \"Our teacher wants it from our grandparents.\" said Austin. \"Thats fine. We'll just take a walk around the store and I'll tell you when were alone.\" said Luciana.Mayaparked the car in the front and walked in with Lily and Austin carrying Luciana behind going the other way.[Chapter 4] Luciana's pov I woke up from my bean bag chair and change out of my pjs. I walked out of the mini playroom that was under Lilys bed and saw Kyle open the door quietly. \"Mornin Kyle. Ready for work.\" i said brushing my hair. \"Morning Mom. I wanted to wake up Lily and come meet the new neighbors next to Mr. Shivers.\" said Kyle walking towards Lily's bed. \"Wouldn't hurt to see new faces. Is Austin awake?\" i asked putting my brush back in the playroom. \"Nope i woke him up but he doesnt want to.\" said Kyle. \"I know how to wake up a ten year old. Just meet me at the table.\" said Luciana walking out of the room. She went to the gameroom three doors down turned the knob and headed to the baskets that was on the drawer near the window. She used the computer chair to reach the basket and looked through it. Finding a nerf gun then later went to the bathroom getting a cup of water. Austin was in his sleeping heard the open and close. \"Austin get up.\" Said a voice. \"No.\" He mumbled covering his face. \"Come on sleeping beauty.\" Said the voice poking him. He didn't move a muscle then was being pelted with the plastic balls. \"Come on grandma. Let me sleep.\" Said Austin turning over. Luciana put the gun away and walked over to him and kicked him on the rear a few times. \"Go a-\" he didn't have time to finish after Luciana poured the freezing cold water on his face making him get up from the bed with a loud scream. \"That's for calling me Grandma and not getting up when your dad wanted you to. Now get dressed,change the sheets, and meet the neighbors in ten minutes.\" Said Luciana jumping off his bed and walked out of the room. Maya was in the dining room eating with Kyle and Lily seeing Luciana head down the stairs. \"Sleepy has woke up.\" Said Luciana reaching the last step. \"Called you the G name.\" Said Kyle. \"Yeah. So any left overs.\" Said Luciana walking the table. Kyle picked her up and placed her on the stool where her plate of pancakes were. \"What's happening today beside the neighbors.\" She said taking a bite. \"School assembly for the new staff member. Lily is going to a little field trip to the farm outside of Madison, Austin with the family history and has a test on geography.\" Said Maya drinking her coffee. \"Nothing at the store.\" Said Luciana wiping her mouth with a napkin. \"No but Loraine and I are switching shifts tonight. Because of a school dance.\" Said Maya putting her plate away in the sink. Austin walked down stairs with his sheets in his arms going to the washing room. \"Cold water.\" Said Kyle grabbing his plate with Lily almost done. \"Yeah but I shot with a nerd gun and kicked his buns at first.\" Said Liciana. \"Ok got the sheets in the dryer and no pancakes.\" Said Austin seein Luciana eating the last one. \"Should've gotten up like you were suppose too.\" Said Lily giving her plate to Kyle. \"Come on Annie. Lets see the neighbors.\" Said Lily taking her hand. \"You can have whatever is left on my plate.\" Said Luciana following Lily and Maya. They walked past the house of Mr. Shivers as Luciana turned her slowly to the windows when she felt eyes staring at them. In the windows was a man with black hair and had glasses following there moved but mostly Luciana and quickly shut the blinds as they made eye contact. The car was parked in the driveway and Maya knocks on the door. The door revealed a teen wearing a bedazzled new York hat. \"Hi, I'm Maya Blair and this is my daughter Lily. We wanted to meet the neighbors.\" Said Maya smiling warmly at him. \"Thank you. I'm Zack and do you want to come in.\" Said Zack. \"Sure. Is your parents here?\" Said Maya as Lily put Luciana down on the front porch. \"Just my mom and my aunt Loraine. They're in the kitchen down that hall.\" Said Zack walking out to see Luciana standing in front of the gate. Zack walked past her as a boy and a man walked towards him and the doll. \"Hi I'm Luciana.\" Said Luciana turning her head to Zack. \"Ok is this doll battery operated or something.\" Said Zack. \"Yeah this belonged to my mother in law. She is very special to us and my wife.\" Said Kyle picking the doll up. \"I'm Kyle and this is Austin.\" Said Kyle. \"Nice to meet you.\" Said Zack nodding his head since he had a box in his hands. \"And you already met my mom and sister.\" Said Austin. \"Yeah just follow me inside.\" Said Zack walking down towards the house. The box he was carry fell apart from the bottom making all of his fall out. \"Lets help you with that. Didn't your dad tell you to have one arm at the bottom and other on the side.\" Said Kyle picking the stuff off the floor. Austin grabbed the box and set bottom up with Zack putting his things inside. \"Your the new kid.\" Said a voice. Zack turned to see Hannah leaning against the window. \"Yeah I'm Zack.\" He said. \"Hannah. How far away is New York.\" Said Hannah. \"What oh I'm not from there. It's was present from my aunt.\" Said Zack taking the hat off. \"Hannah! What are you doing?\" Said Mr. Shivers. \"I gotta go.\" Said Hannah getting inside. \"Well that was new.\" Said Austin picking up the box. \"Come on Austin.\" Said Kyle leading them inside. \"Hey, Maya. Sorry we haven't came sooner. Austin was doing his bed.\" Said Kyle as Austin set the box on the table. \"Maya it's good to see you.\" Said Loraine giving her a hug. \"You two met before.\" Said Zack's mom. \"We both work at the market.\" Loraine explained then saw Luciana. \"Oh my gosh! She's so adorable. Where did get her?\" She said taking her from Kyle. \"My mother gave it to be.\" Said maya fixing her hair. \"Well is she home I've always wanted to meet her.\" Said Lorraine holding Luciana. \"She passed when I was very young. But I believe that her spirit is still here with us.\" Said Maya. \"Oh I'm so sorry. I didn't know.\" said Lorraine giving it back to Maya. \"No worries. Anyways we all better get going. See you at work Lorraine.\" Said Maya as everyone went to the car.[Chapter 5] Luciana was alone at home after everyone left reading books that Maya and Kyle gave her. She's been for an hour now as knock was heard on one upstairs window. Stopping at the page with a bookmark Luciana walked to her drawer grabbing her mini pocket knife for precaution. Hearing a different she followed the noise to game room and used to the chair to see the source of the noise. It was Hannah gesturing to come outside. Luciana grabbed her wallet with her keys and a whistle inside heading to the small door that was made for her and Lilly. She locked the door behind her as Hannah opened the gate carefully. \"No school.\" Said Luciana as Hannah picked her in her arms. \"I'm home schooled actually but I want to hear about how you ended up like this.\" Said Hannah putting Luciana on the stand near the window. \"Is your father even here? I don't want freak out that his only friend is now a doll.\" Said Luciana as Hannah closed the window behind her. \"He's out but won't be back for an hour or a half.\" Said Hannah as Luciana jumped off the stand. \"So where do you want me to start?\" Said Luciana looking around the place. \"How about the The Elm Witch he mentioned.\" Said Hannah going upstairs with Luciana following her. \"Of course everyone is interested in that. You see way before me or my parents were born my grandmother Jamie White was from a long line of witchcraft. She never really gained powers like her brother or sister so all she was ever really good at was making spells and potions that would help the sick and other good things. But she wasnt the only one.\" Said Luciana sitting in a white chair of Stines office. Hannah sat on the other one listening to what she was telling her. \"Jami was best friends with a woman by the name of Isabella Win-chesterfield. Everyday the two would look at fortune cards and read each others palms with the townsfolk when they were teens. But one day Isabella vanished without being aware of it. Two years went by and two boys played in the woods one night. One was looking for a place to hide and spotted a hollow tree. Discovering a corpse that he saw with his own eyes that they told their parents. No one but my grandmother knew who she was so after the police put the body in an unmarked grave she grabbed bucket of paint leaving a message that nobody will ever forget. Which is,'Who Bella in the wych elm?' That's how my family got that nickname.\" Luciana finished. \"So your what like a witch.\" Said Hannah. \"Not really but I was born with telekinesis and I still have it in this form. Got used to it over the passed twenty nine years but I stopped after Maya and Kyle got married.\" Said Luciana. \"I know it's personal to ask but how did you die? Dads been told that your ex shot you.\" Said Hannah. \"That's half the story. My ex boyfriend Bret left when I was pregnant with Maya. He came back many time wanting to help raise her but only to get the money from her and wouldn't let that happen. One day he robbed my parents shop and kidnapped Maya which I knew where he was taking her. I drove to the woods to the abandoned cabin where he was waiting we fought and pulled out the gun on me and maya. I jumped out the window not caring about the pain I was in and used my strength to put her in the back of the car. The last I remembered was holding her hand then came back as a doll after finding a note from Jami. It said,'You will be turning human once again and the years won't be a problem to you anymore. Be careful and know that we love you very much Luciana.' And that's when I came to help make sure my daughter and her family won't have to go though the pain I've been through.\" Said Luciana. \"Now that you heard my story tell me yours and Robby.\" She said. Luciana and Hannah talked for hours without realizing that Stines walked inside hearing their voices upstairs. \"Hannah! Who's up there?\" Said Stine quickly going up the steps as Luciana hid under the desk behind the manuscripts. (Idk if that's right. Djm.) \"Nobody here dad. I was just talking to myself.\" Said Hannah looking at him. \"I told you not to bring anyone here and i heard a woman's voice.\" Said Stine sternly looking around the office. \"There's no one here but me.\" Said Hannah blocking him from where Luciana was hiding. \"What are you hiding from me?\" Said Stine moving her out of the way. Hannah tripped and knocked a book over called,'The Snowman.' (Which I personally fell in love with.) A flash appeared revealing a young man with white blonde hair looking around and spotted Hannah. \"Well hello beautiful.\" Said the man. Stine gasped and looked around for the book which was next Luciana who ran to Hannah's aide. Luciana screamed and bit the man on the ankle distracting him. \"Luciana move out of the way.\" Said Hannah pushing the man down and pulled her away. Stine opened the book and held on as the man sucked back in then locked it. \"No one was here.\" Said Stine as Luciana check up on Hannah. \"You ok.\" Said Luciana. \"I'm fine thanks Luciana.\" Said Hannah hugging her then looked at her dad. \"Hannah go to your room. While me a-\" Stine a loud knock at the door and went get the door. He slammed the door coming back to just see Luciana walking around the room. \"Forget you ever saw that.\" Said Stine only to make Luciana smile. \"That your monsters are coming to life by opening a book and didn't bother to see an old friend who was living next door for thirteen years.\" Said Luciana looking at him with her emerald eyes. \"Come think of it. I kept on thinking that i was like another monster by seeing me like this.\" She said. \"No your not. Your my 'sister' remember. I even had the memorial picture from your funeral.\" Said Stine picking her up. \"It's good to see you again. Robby or should I say RL Stine.\" Said Luciana. \"Robby will do since I missed you.\" Said Robby them heard a knock at the door again. \"I'll be back.\" Said Robby putting her with Hannah in her room.[Chapter 6] After the cops came inside looking around with Zack and his mother. Luciana peeked over the rails as Robby was explaining that the screams came from the surround sound television. That didn't get through to Zack as he spotted a silver white doll moving back into Hannah's room. \"Hannah! Lily are you up there.\" Said Zack going up te step but the police stopped him. \"What's lily doing up there?\" He said. \"I'm only watching her for a bit while her parents are at work and their son went to his friends house.\" Said Robby. \"We're sorry if we disturbed you. Have a good night sir.\" Said the male officer leading Zack outside with his mother. Robby closed the door as Luciana began walking to the other side of the house. \"Luci where are you going?\" Said Robby going to upstairs. \"I have let my family know that I'm fine. My room is next to yours.\" Said Luciana opening the two windows with her telekinesis and climbed on the drawer. \"Ok we going to have a long talk about what I saw with the two windows opening themselves.\" Said Robby as Luciana used her wallet lace to slide down the phone cables landing on her window sill on the other side of the fence. \"Ask Hannah I told her everything needed to know. I'll be back in ten or fifteen minutes.\" Said Luciana closing her window and jumped off the stand. \"Maya! Kyle! Lily! Austin! Anyone here?! She called out and found a note on her drawer. \"Lily and Austin went to the school dance with Kyle since we couldn't find you. I left to work early. Call us on the radio on the kitchen counter or on her phone. - Maya.\" She reads and puts it back going to the kitchen to get a snack. She headed to her room to get her phone and book from before going back to Robby's house. She looked around to hear voices coming from the office. Luciana quietly walked to the room seeing Zach and a boy wearing a suit talking about the books on the shelf. Zach looked frustrated and took the keys from the glass case and unlocked a book. \"Don't open the book!\" Said Luciana jumping on the desk and tried to grab the keys. \"How is that doll alive?\" Said the boy pointing at her. Hannah came and swung the bat missing everyone who ducked and saw who it was. \"What are you guys doing in my house?\" Said Hannah. \"I thought you were trouble.\" Said Zack. \"Why you'd think that?\" Said Hannah. \"I thought your dad chained you up.\"said Zack as the boy was trying to poke Luciana. Luciana rolled her eyes and slapped the boy on the side of his head. \"What the hell were you doing?\" Said Luciana making Hannah and Zack at them. \"I-I wanted to see if you were an animatronic or android robot like Chucky you know.\" Said the boy. \"By the way I'm champ and I would date any of your friends. I really don't care what they look like.\" Said Champ shaking Hannah's hand. \"I'm Luciana and now find that book.\" Said Luciana looking around as they did the same. \"Here it is. Let m-\" \"Wait don't!\" Said Hannah as Zack flipped the book open causing a loud boom and flash. Everyone was down and the inks started to transform into the abdominal snowman. \"Nobody make a sound or move.\" Said Hannah as the creature looked around. Champ quietly got but knocked over a lamp smashing it to the ground making the yeti (jgwi) look at him and roared. Champ screamed as the yeti charge at him but crashed through the window after Zack pushed them out of the way. Luciana got up and helped Hannah but she got up grabbed the book following the yeti. \"Hannah! You stay here and distract Hannah's dad. Thanks.\" Said Zack after he and champ left. \"Oh yeah what will he expect from a fourty seven year old doll that let his daughter out in the streets finding bigfoot.\" Said Luciana peering over the huge hole. She watche as the teens a rounded the corner as her phone rang. \"Hello.\" She answered looking at the mess. \"Hi mom. I wanted to check if you were alright.\" Said Maya. \"I'm fine for now. I'm at Stines house waiting for him to get home.\" Said Luciana hearing a howl noise behind her. \"What did he see you?\" Said maya. \"Yeah and we caught up on things but anyways I'll call back. Love you.\" Said Luciana hanging up. She went to the back hearing the howl continue from the woods. \"Max! I'll get you fresh meat if you help mama.\" Luciana shouted. Max growl and whine moving his head to side. \"I don't have any on me now wait until i call you.\" Said Luciana then heard a thud from the office again. \"If this is another nine foot monster. I will wring my hands around Robby's neck.\" She muttered going upstairs as Hannah and everyone came back into the room arguing. Luciana went into the room looking for anything and spotted the opened book on the floor. Robby walked in and saw it too. \"Oh no. Not him.\" Said Stine facing his towards Luciana who stood on top of his desk. \"Hello papa.\" Said ventriloquist puppet sitting on a chair. They looked at him. Luciana basically zone out a bit of what Stine said.\"Who are your new friends?\" Said Slappy looking at the teens but saw Luciana. \"Did you make that one for me?\" He said as Robby blocked her view while trying to get close to the book. \"No. She's nothing compared to you.\" Said Stine. A thunder was heard as the lights went out and back on. Slappy appeared next Luciana holding the keys. \"So what made you bring me here? Terrorize locals? Destroy the town? Let get silly!\"Said Slappy putting his hand on Luciana's shoulder. She pushed his hand off as Stine was complementing him but called him dummy by mistake. \"Who are you calling dummy? Dummy! You trying to put me back!\" Said Slappy. \"No no no.\" Said Stine trying to calm him. \"I know when your lying to me papa.\" Said Slappy grabbing the book after the lights when out. \"Slappy!\" Said Luciana looking around with Stine. \"Slappy and your children are done playing games papa. I'll be sure that we won't be put back in the shelves again.\" Said Slappy after burning his book and stole the others after the power went again. Luciana turned around feeling a slight drift seeing the books gone and a single rose in front of her feet.[Chapter 7] Luciana quickly went to the huge hole where the yeti smashed through and used the dog whistle. \"Luci what are you doing?\" said Robby. \"Im going to get my boys to help.\" said Luciana as Max barked below where the hole was. \"Ok just be careful.\" said Zack. \"Same to you guys.\" said Luciana looking down a bit and jumped off. Max caught her on his back and looked at her. \"You ok Max.\" said Luciana rubbing his back in comfort. Max shook his fur and licked her cheek. \"Alright lets go see Travis and guys.\" said Luciana grabbing the harness thah she put on him earlier. Max ran to the right side of the block heading straight to the other side of Madison square. Luciana and Max stopped and looked around for anything. \"And stay out!\" said a voice. Luciana turned to the left seeing a drunk on the ground with a man about walk back inside. \"Travis!\" said Luciana as Max walked toward him. The man looked around and saw her and Max making him smile. \"Ciana whats up?\" said the man. \"We need you and the gang to help us. Madison is in deep shit right now.\" said luciana. \"What are you talking about?\" said Travis knelling down to her level. \"You know about my friend Robert that i told you about.\" said Luciana. Travis nodded. \"Well his monsters are here and destroying everything in their path.\" she explained. \"You mean like that Mantis over there.\" said Travis pointing to it behind her. Luciana turned around seeing the giant insect eating cars and stomping on the buildings. \"Yeah. So i need you guys to head to the high school. Make sure nobody gets in or out unless its Robert and the kids.\" said Luciana. \"Hold that thought.\" said Travis walking back to the bar. He whistled loud getting everyones attention inside. \"Hey Ciana needs our help with Madison. She says that that monster from RL stines books are coming to life and are ruining our home. We have to split up and take these freaks down.\" said Travis. Everyone in the bar laughed and joked while going back to what they were doing. Maxs ears perked up and growled viciously. Travis grabbed Luciana as Max barked to the road as tire screeches loudly. A car drove uncontrollably and laughing was heard. \"Oh no. Its Slappy.\" said Luciana after Travis out her down. The car speed past them after a book was thrown through the window. Luciana walked inside seeing the title of the book. \"Everybody get out! Its the abominal snowman of Pasadena.\" Luciana yelled after being blasted backwards. Travis help her up as the guys got out of the way from getting crushed by the marble counters. \"Travis. What do you want us to do?\" said brunette. \"Split up and cover as much ground as possible. Me and Ciana are going to help buy Robert some time.\" said Travis. \"Ok good luck.\" said the brunette. Everyone go on their bikes and made six groups to do as their told. \"You can go on without me. I have to go see if the others are safe and found a way to stop this.\" said Luciana before Travis could put her on his bike. \"Alright but radio me or Bones if you need anything.\" said Travis driving off with Bones. Luciana hopped on Max's back and ran to the middle of town as soon Max tracked Stine's scent. After a while they past the police station to see the aliens freezing two officers and spotted Slappy glacing at them through the window. \"Hurry Max. Lets go.\" said Luciana as Max whine/barked running towards the market. Luciana got off and saw a familiar car all destroyed. \"They're here alright. Max go find Stine and the others.\" Said Luciana as growling was heard. \"Great.\" she said sarcastically running to the sound. Luciana and Max made their way to the meat section seeing Zack and Hannah hiding behind the aisle. Max fur stood up straight showing his teeth making Zack and the others look at him and Luciana were. \"Be careful boy.\" Luciana whispered in the wolf's ear pecking his wet nose. Max walked toward the werewolf while Luciana ran and slides next to Robert who had drool almost going to his mouth. The werewolf sensed Max behind him and started fighting with him. \"Run!\" said Luciana as Robert spit the drool out of his mouth and grabbed Luciana into his arms. Zack, Champ, and Hannah saw Max bite into the werewolfs neck throwing him to its side. They all ran to the exit after the werewolf knocked out Max by throwing him to the vegetable aisle chasing them. Stine looked back at Luciana making their way to the back door. \"Did you find a way to trap the monsters?\" said Luciana. \"Yes by getting the typewriter you got me.\" said Stine. \"Its in the school isnt it.\" Luciana said as Hannah closed the door. \"How do you know that its at the school?\" said Champ. \"Kyle brought me to the school with Lily when it was bring your daughter to work day. Now shut up.\" said Luciana clicking a button on her watch. \"Bones to Ciana can you hear me?\" said Luciana to her watch. \"Hear you loud and clear. Whats up?\" said bones the werewolf busy the door down. \"Bones guard the school with Slasher until Robert and the kids get there. They'll explain it later now go!\" said Luciana hanging up . \"Right on it.\" said Bones after Robby put her down. Eveyone were about to leave between the trucks but the werewolf blocked their way walking towards them. He was about charge but got hit by a car making him fly into the dumpster whining in pain. \"Good timing.\" said Luciana. Lorraine got out of the car and explained what happened then saw Robby. \"Look we have to get to the school. Go to the police station and get back up.\" said Zack. \"Im going with her. Just in case the aliens are still there.\" said Luciana. \"Ok that doll is alive.\" said Lorriane in shock. \"I tell you about myself now lets go.\" said Luciana as the group ran off. \"Wanna exchange numbers?\" said Lorriane. \"Not a good time but yes.\" yelled Robby. \"Come on i know a short cut.\" said Luciana getting picked up and carried like a toddler.[Chapter 8] After explaining her background Luciana and Loraine went down a few blocks seeing the town frozen. \"Ok we got this. Tell the cops about monsters destroying the town.\" Said Loraine putting Luciana down and pushed the doors opened. \"See if anyone responds I'm going to look around.\" Said Luciana walking past the frozen officer. She looked in the offices and went to evidence room finding the aliens looking at her direction. \"Crap!\" Said Luciana running back to Loraine frozen. \"Hello Luci.\" Said a voice behind her. She turned around to face Slappy and the aliens pointing their ray guns at her. \"Hold your fire. I want talk to her alone.\" Said Slappy as the aliens left. Luciana narrowed her eyes as they left the station and looked at Slappy. \"What is there to talk about?\" Said Luciana. \"You and others destroying my home and trying to get my family killed.\" She said. \"That won't happen if you agree to be with me as we get rid of Stine.\" Said Slappy. \"I'm not letting you kill my best friend. Even if I have to die again.\" Said Luciana getting to his face. \"Your not really like are the monsters.\" Said Slappy. \"That's because I was human until I died saving my daughter from a greedy ex and was transferred into this doll.\" Said Luciana. \"Interesting cause I found this mentioning it.\" Said Slappy holding up a small book. Luciana snatched it from his hands and looked at it. The old yellow pages with marks and worn out leather cover with a handprint. \"My grandmothers spells.\" She whispered as a motorcycle was heard outside. Luciana ran out in time to see Travis and Skull behind him. She whistled getting their attention as something picked her up. \"Put me down.\" Said Luciana facing the alien. \"Ciana! Skull!\" Said Travis as Skull speeds up and hit the alien in the face catching Luciana in the process. \"Their heading to the school.\" Said Luciana opening the small book making grow big. She turned the pages and spotted the right spell. \"For this short night, make another me under my victims plain sight.\" Said Luciana as her light blue energy flowed and made duplicate of her floating. She laughed as it was a success until Max barked running beside them. \"Max throw Slappy off our track with the fake me.\" Said Luciana using her power to place the fake on Max's back. The wolf barks and ran the opposite way of the school with the haunted car following him. \"Nice work Luciana.\" Said a deep voice. \"Thanks Skull. Travis you seen Robby and the teens.\" Said Luciana. \"Thery're at the cemetery running off from the ghouls.\" Said Travis as the full moon was out. Luciana sighed as her doll body turned into her normal self without noticing. \"Damn, you looked like that before died.\" Said Skull looking at Luciana on his lap. \"Yes but lets get to the school.\" Said Luciana looking for the transfer spell. She looked and found it saying that the soul can turn back to their human self only when the full moon is exposed or during the eclipses. \"Why didn't I find this out sooner.\" Said Luciana as they made it to the school property. Kyle was at the front getting Lilys jacket then saw the three. \"Hey,Travis, Maurice. Who's . . . Wait a minute Luciana?!\" Said Kyle in shock. \"Yeah this happens when exposed to the full moon and the eclipses. Where's Maya and the kids?\" Said Luciana walking towards him. \"In the gym dancing. Why?\"Said Kyle stilling staring at Luciana. \"Lets just we're deep s-\" She paused hearing something behind them. Turning around to see the other bikers stopping. \"Get inside as soon Stine and three teens get here. Use your bats or guns if monsters come.\" Said Luciana as Skull followed Kyle inside. \"Travis if see Robby let me know where he is going. Only we know how get those monsters back into the books.\" She says. \"Got it now go and Nicky should be with Maya.\" Said Travis as the moon got covered. Luciana looked down as a grey wolf put her on her back. \"Stella. Haven't seen you in three weeks. Come on.\" Said Luciana as they went for the gym. As she got there the teens looked at the Stella and Luciana who looked around ignoring the stares and comments. \"Annie! Stella!\" Said a voice. She turned seeing her godson Nick with Lily. \"Nicky! Where's Maya? It's an emergency.\" Said Luciana. \"Follow me. Move it people or have a scar from Stella.\" Said Nicky moving through the crowd with Lily close to them. The crowd didnt bother until Skull growls making them pass by. They made it through seeing Maya talking to Zacks mom then went towards them. \"What are you doing here?\" Said maya looking at skull and Luciana. \"We're in trouble. The gang is covering the school grounds and Zack! Hannah! Champ!\" Said Luciana spotting them. \"Mom what'a going on?!\" Said Maya as someone teen slapped her ass. \"Hey! That's my daughter!\" She yelled just after Zack turned off the music. \"Woah I was having fun grandma.\" Said the teen as Luciana was picked up by Maya looking pissed. Kyle patted the teen smirking and glanced at Luciana. \"Troy. Did you just insult my mother in law?\" Said Kyle. \"Are you high on something coach?\" Said Troy. \"Zack you do you. I'm going have a chat with Troy here. Skull.\" Said Luciana nod at him in the stage. She used her telekinesis to left him up off the ground as a few people gasped in fear or shock. Maya carried her out of the gym to the hall as Travis walks in. \"Oh man what did he do?\" Said Travis. \"Assaulted Maya and called her grandma.\" Said Skull. \"Luci, I saw Stine in the theater. Why don't you leave him to us?\" Said Travis. Luciana dropped the Troy in Skulls arms and whistled for Stella. She ran through the doors as people began blocking the doors and windows. \"Hey! Let the bikers in they got weapons on them.\" Said Luciana getting on Stella's back. \"Got it mom. Troy if we all live your mine. By the way Maya has something important to tell you.\" Said Kyle. Maya looked at him shock and looked at Luciana. \"Follow me to the theater.\" Said Luciana. \"I'm going to get you back for this.\" Said Maya getting in front Kyle. \"Yet your still cute when your mad. Love you.\" Said Kyle kissing Maya passionately. \"Maya!\" Luciana called. Maya rushed over through the crowd as Troy kicks open the class door. \"Help me! I'm sorry if slapped your ass my friends dared me.\" Said Troy getting pulled back by Skull. \"Don't apologize me. Do it in front my mother aka the Elm witch.\" Said Maya closing the door. She went through the double doors seeing Stine typing the story on stage and saw Luciana petting Stella. \"So mom what Kyle said. It's not that important.\" Said Maya looking around noticed Luciana staring. \"Can't you see I'm trying our lives here.\" Said Stine. Maya looked at him and her mother still staring. \"I'm pregnant there I said it.\" Said Maya sitting next to her. \"You could've told me before two idiots opened it the books and a puppet who has the hots for me.\" Said Luciana. \"I'm sorry but have I ever told you that I love you and your the best mother ever.\" Said maya huggin her. \"You and Kyle aren't off the hook.\" Said Luciana getting out her embrace. \"Can't get away with nothing.\" Maya muttered. \"So how much do you need to finish.\" Said Luciana sitting the table next the typewriter. \"Just three pages left. By the way congrats on the baby.\" Said Robby. \"You mean babies. I have a gift of predicting so Maya and Kyle are having twins.\" Said Luciana quietly. Robby looked amused as he started saying the story that he was working on. \"Mom. I'm going to check on the kids.\" Said Maya about to get down. Stella whined and growled at her making her backup. \"Stella let me through mom.\" Said Maya. \"She's wants you sit down. She's protecting the family in there.\" Said Luciana as Maya sat down with Stella putting her head on her lap. ","Summary":" (A/n: i own nothing. Everything belongs to the rightful owner. Only the Oc.) It coldest day in Sept"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"Pitch Perfect 2- To love the enemy","Author":"ThatgoldenCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12296041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amber walked up to the Bella's house, her cousin Stacie beside her. \"The girls will love you, you're almost better than me!\" Stacie reassured. Amber nodded uncertainly. They entered the house and Stacie asked if Amber could audition. \"She's a legacy,\" Amber heard Stacie whisper to Chloe. \"Sing anything you want,\" Chloe told Amber calmly. \"I-I'm going to sing Chandelier by Sia,\" Amber told them calmly. Everyone seemed surprised, even Stacie when Amber began to sing. Amber finished strong and smiled at Stacie who gave her a thumbs up. \"Huddle,\" Chloe instructed. Amber felt nervous. What if they didn't except her. They then all got up and gathered around her. \"Welcome to the Bella's!\" Chloe exclaimed excitedly. Amber had a very bright smile and all the girls congratulated her. \"Now, lets go Partay!\" Fat Amy announced. Everyone cheered before following Chloe and Amy to the Trebles house. Amber was 19 with black hair, dark green eyes and was as sexy as her cousin. She could definitely sing, play guitar and had a knack for exploring and getting into all sorts of trouble, and was a VERY good liar. Only Stacie knew when she was lying. She had lived in Germany for 5 years as her mom had had a job in Germany and plus, she was half German and half American.[Chapter 2] They walked through the doors of the hall where two cars were on stage. They were scouting out the German team and when the co-leaders came over. \"De Barden Bellas, the humiliation to A-Cappella,\" the blonde girl said. Amber glared at them dangerously. \"We haf to say, you vere quit funny,\" the man said. He caught Amber's eye. He had short dark brown hair and eyes, perfect build and face. \"Don't bother trying to beat us, you vill lose,\" he said a smirk on his face. \"What ever,\" Beca said, shaking it off, \"you don't know who you're messing with.\" \"This ones so small,\" the girl chuckled. \"We should call her Tiny Mouse,\" the man said, his smirk never dropping. Chloe moved Beca away from the group and the rest of the Bella's followed except for Amber. \"Das war interessant,\" the girl said. That was interesting. \"Was interessant war?\" Amber asked. What was interesting? \"You speak German?\" The man asked in English. \"Ja,\" Amber replied, a sly smile on her face. Yes. \"Mein Name ist Pierter, was Ihnen zusteht?\" My name is Pierter, what's yours? \"Mein name ist Amber,\" Amber replied coolly. My name is Amber. \"Kommissar,\" the girl said. They talked in German for a while until Kommissar had to go and talk to the Riff Off host. So it was just Amber and Pierter. Amber didn't notice Stacie staring at her as she talked with Pierter. Amber and Pierter exchanged numbers and that drew the line for Stacie. Taking action Stacie quickly walked over and gave her little cousin 'the look' and Amber knew she had to say goodbye to Pierter. \"Auf Wiedersehen Pierter,\" she said with a smile before turning to follow Stacie. Bye Pierter. \"Auf Wiedersehen,\" Pierter said before heading over to his group. Bye. \"Stace you alright?\" Amber asked her cousin, placing a hand on Stacie's shoulder gently. \"I'm fine. But you can't be friends with him. He's our ENEMY Amber,\" Stacie informed. Amber nodded, \"I was just talking anyway,\" she mumbled. \"What was that?\" Stacie questioned. Amber waved it off and went to join Ashley and Flo. \"I will never understand Germans,\" Stacie mustered as she headed back over to Cynthia Rose, Chloe & Beca.[Chapter 3] Then the Riff Off happened. And, as everyone suspected it was narrowed down to The Bella's and DSM. \"And the theme is! Oooh, pop,\" the announcer said with a smile. I smiled and Stacie gave me a pat on the back. \"Let's start with Da Sound Machine!\" Pieter walked out and started singing 'Stressed out' by 21 pilots. Then Amy cut them off with 'Hot Line Bling' by DRAKE. Then Kommissar cut them off with 'Faded' by Allen Walker before Amber cut her off with 'Titaniumn' by David Guetta, Beca and I crushing it along with Chloe and everyone else. In the end DSM won. Chloe practically blew up, Beca was making sure Emily was ok. \"Gut gemacht Amber,\" Pierter congratulated. Well done Amber. \"Sie zu,\" Amber replied turning to face him. You to. Again, Stacie eyed her cousin from across the room, \"the little minx,\" Stacie muttered. \"Chill out girl,\" Cynthia Rose said. \"Does THAT look like I can chill out?\" Stacie said glancing over to where Amber and Pierter shared a laugh. \"Good point,\" Jessica agreed. \"Talk to her later,\" Cynthia Rose said coolly. The next day Amber smiled at last nights memory. Her and Pierter had become good friends, much to Stacie and the Bella's dislike. There was a knock on her and Emily's room door before Stacie entered. Amber glanced over to Emily's bed and saw her roomie was already awake. \"Morning sleepy head,\" Stacie teased. \"What do you want?\" Amber complained, tired but content. \"You know me to well. Alright, here's what we all want. You, as my cousin and 'sister', are not allowed to be friends with Pierter,\" Stacie said bluntly but firmly. \"Why? He's nice and actually speaks German! For once I can speak German with someone else other then family!\" Amber sat up in bed and pouted. \"He is not nice, he is not going to be your friend and he is our ENEMY!\" Stacie stated, her eyes dark. \"Fick dich,\" Amber mumbled before lying in bed again and dozing.[Chapter 4] A month later and Amber hadn't listened to her cousin's advice. Although she made it seem like she had. Amber had told Pierter that she had to act rude towards DSM and him and Kommissar who were both very kind to her. \"Ow, ficken!\" Amber exclaimed as she rolled down the stairs. Ow, fuck! Everyone was out so it was just Amber. Her eyes glistened with tears from pain that came from her hip. She'd obviously given it a good whack. She lay there for a few minutes until she got to her feet and walked to the kitchen and grabbed a bag of frozen peas from the fridge, walked to the couch and sat down, placing the peas on her hip. She sat here for 10 minutes before slowly going upstairs and changing into black leggings, converse, a blue t-shirt and a long sleeve jumper. Grabbing her house and car keys and phone, she walked out to her car, locking the house behind her and drove to the doctors. \"Your hip is fine; you have a very nasty bruise though. Lucky escape, I've seen worse from falling down stairs,\" Dr Lanley assured. \"Thanks,\" Amber said rising to her feet stiffly before leaving the practise and heading back to the Bella's house. When Amber returned Stacie practically pounced on her and gave her a hug. \"Where did you go? You said you were staying in all day,\" Stacie asked worried as she pulled away. \"I had an accident whilst you were all out. I fell down the stairs and bruised my hip. That's all. It's all purple, green and yellow which in my opinion is quit cool,\" Amber said with a laugh in her voice. \"Are you sure you didn't hit your head? 'Cause, you sound out of your mind,\" Chloe asked. \"Amber finds the most unusually gross things cool. Example, a squished cockroach,\" Stacie stated matter-of-factly. \"That is very weird,\" Amy said slightly disturbed, her eyes flickering from everyone to Amber. Amber smiled innocently before heading to her room to call Pierter and see if he wanted to go out for lunch. \"Hallo?\" Hello? \"Hey, ist es mir, Amber Pierter. Ich frage mich, ob Sie zum Mittagessen mit mir kommen wollte,\" Amber asked. Hey, Pierter it's me, Amber. I was wondering if you wanted to come to lunch with me. \"Sicher, triff mich an der Brown-Hütte in der Stadt. Soll ich Sie abholen?\" He said coolly. Sure, meet me at the Brown Hut in town. Want me to pick you up? \"Ja, bitte. Holen Sie mich außerhalb Barden Universität in 10 Minuten?\" Amber asked. Yes, please. Can you pick me up outside Barden University in 10 minutes? \"Sicher, wir sehen Sie uns in 10,\" Pierter said before ending the call. Sure, see you in 10. Amber changed into jeans before grabbing her phone and house keys and heading back downstairs. \"Where are you going this time?\" Stacie asked much like Amber's mom. \"Out with an old friend. Besides, you're not my mom,\" Amber said before leaving and beginning the walk to Barden. Amber waited outside B.U for Pierter and, he came right on time. \"Hey,\" she greeted as she got into his black Lambo. \"Hey,\" he replied with a smile. \"To the hut that is brown,\" Amber said with a laugh. Pierter laughed at Amber's joke and began to drive to the café in town. ","Summary":" Amber walked up to the Bella's house, her cousin Stacie beside her. \"The girls will love you, you'"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"Not Tourists But Travelers","Author":"Fericirea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6542097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mind's Eye Closing his eyes, he's aware there'll be no opening them again. His mind dims slowly, and as it does, the boxes stacked in its darkest corners start coming alive. 'TIA' struggles and falls off the top of a stack and with an enormous shudder releases black, which is to say, a feeling of everything all at once in condensed form spreads through the labyrinths of his mind, toppling boxes with labels like 'Doesn't Matter' and 'Forgotten' and 'Later', and what slithers out of them is an overwhelming explosion of all things gone wrong in his miserable life. It hurts to breathe. But there is Maddy. Sitting intrepidly on top of 'TIA', looking at him with her peculiar smile. He goes to her, feels her cheek against his palm, her fingers squeezing his, her hair brushing against him as she leans in and he can feel her breath on his lips. There is Maddy, staring boldly into his eyes as he takes her clothes off, one article at a time, savoring every moment. Maddy, throwing her head back, her mouth open just enough for him to see the tips of her teeth as he pulls her to himself and bends to taste her lips. For the first time in his life, he's free to daydream – he is dying, after all. There will never be the consequence of facing disappointment. / Maddy slaps her laptop shut, relishing the sharp snap of it. Causing pain, even to inanimate objects, alleviates her own. She feels sad, she feels furious, she feels like the only thing that would make her feel better would be destroying Van de Kaap. Bringing him down, bleeding him out, leaving him for dead on a cliff. And she wishes she'd never gone to Africa. 'The pen is mightier than the sword,' she whispers to convince herself that this story needs writing. Solomon is only days away from meeting up with Simmons and she has to pull herself together for it. For him . Her phone rings and she brushes at the sting in her eyes before grabbing it off a coffee table. A quick glance at the number to save herself from talking to someone she wouldn't want to – and her heart stops. +881, the number starts. Like when Archer had called. The phone drops from her frozen hand and then again, as she fumbles to pick it up and by the time she flips it open, she is in so much panic the caller would hang up that she can't speak. But neither does the caller. There is only a breath disguised by faint static. 'Hello,' she finally says, voice quivering. 'Hello?' And then a clatter, a squeak, a voice and another one, bickering out of range. 'Hello,' she says again, 'Talk to me.' More clattering, and at last she hears a woman's voice. 'Terribly sorry to disturb you, one of the children must've gotten in and was playing with the phone—' Fury sweeps over Maddy. In her mind's eye 'the children' like vultures scavenging Archer's lifeless body. ' Where . Did you get. This phone?' 'Once again, I am terribly sorry, I don't know how these phones work, perhaps a redial button and you were the last one our patient called. As I said—' 'W hat ?' 'Listen, ma'am,' the voice on the other end is getting frazzled. 'It won't happen again.' 'No, you don't understand.' Maddy realizes she was digging her fingernails into her thigh and lifts her fingers, one by one. 'What do you mean, your patient? Who?' 'Well, to be honest, we haven't the slightest idea. He was found unconscious three days ago and has not regained consciousness yet. He's not doing too well, I'm afraid to say.' 'But he's alive? You're saying,' here her voice breaks, 'that Danny Archer is alive?' 'I can't confirm who he is, ma'am.' 'You know…you know. Tall, blonde,' the wheels in her mind spin madly. 'A watch with a blue dial plate on his left arm.' 'Yes,' the woman agrees. 'That would describe him.' 'Oh, God.' Maddy covers her mouth with her hand. For the second time within two minutes she cannot find her voice. 'Ma'am?' 'Yes, yes, I'm sorry. I'm just— I—I thought he's, uh… Where are you? Tell me how to find you.' 'I'm sorry, but travel is absolutely impossible in Sierra Leone at the time. From what I've heard, all foreigners have been evacuated. This country is at war with itself.' 'I am not a…regular traveler; the war is not a problem. Just please tell me where he is. I couldn't bear to know that…' She breaks off again and draws in a shaky breath. The voice on the other end softens. 'I suppose… If you could get to the Bafi bank opposite Bendu, I could ask one of our local Kamajors to lead you. But it would be quite a walk.' The last words spoken by the woman, a doctor named Helen Stranghof, are to gently remind her that Archer might not live to see her. But Maddy is determined. And before dawn of that very day, she arranges for Fawaz to meet her in Conakry and squirms restlessly on a plane to Guinea. / Maddy clutches her backpack to her chest, as much for comfort as for certainty that the precious drugs inside are safe. Helen told her to bring as much pain relievers and antibiotics as she could get her hands on, and Maddy got her hands on a lot. She finds it sadly fascinating that Archer's very real wounds are being treated by a spiritual healer. If he is still alive. Maddy quickly chases that terrifying thought away and looks around again. She stands in the middle of nowhere, on a thin strip of tall grass between the river and the jungle, miles away from any large city, but what does that matter? The RUF are everywhere, there is not a riverbank that's not crawling with them. And if they saw Fawaz dipping his Cessna from the sky to land her… That is something else Maddy does not want to think about. She's not one to scare easily, but standing alone, with no plan and no way back home is, at the very least, disconcerting. Minutes feel like hours and every rustle like an ambush. Wayward thoughts of all the ways in which this exploit might end in disaster flirt with her mind, and she is close to succumbing to her fears when the Kamajor noiselessly appears from the jungle. Not saying a word, he motions for her to follow and slipps right back into the foliage. She has to jog to keep pace.[Chapter 2] No amount of warnings could prepare Maddy for the sight when she follows Helen into the dim room where Archer lays, tossing restlessly on a low straw bed, his wrists bound by leather straps, his body tense, muscles straining under an invisible load. His hair is plastered to his face and every inch of bare skin gleams with tiny droplets of sweat – he looks like a dewy morning. A sheet is tangled at his feet and the bandages on his chest are stained a rusty red. Maddy breathes in shallowly, much alike Archer, as though afraid that the sickness in the sweetly purulent air might be catching. She drops to her knees beside him and takes his fingers; her eyes search for any resemblance to the rough, mean Archer she knows, but this man trembles and shakes like a wounded child. She touches his cheek and he mumbles, tossing his head the other way. His skin is searing, and she is surprised a human body can support that sort of fever. Distantly, she remembers school, learning something about proteins denaturizing once a certain temperature threshold is crossed. She fears Archer might disintegrate before her very eyes. 'Let us pray the antibiotics will help,' Helen speaks while preparing an injection. 'Pray?' Maddy finds that to be the least reassuring way of solving problems. 'You must understand, the infection has become widespread. By this point there is only so much drugs can do and if the pathogens in his blood are killed all at once, that much toxic metabolites in the bloodstream could cause deadly complications that even a top hospital would have an uphill battle with. However, if we don't treat him, he will surely die. So you see, Maddy, we are balancing on the knife's edge here…' 'So.' Maddy presses her lips together. Runs her thumb over Archer's knuckles. 'You're saying he has a fifty-fifty chance of—of making it?' 'I am afraid the odds are not quite as good.' Helen sighs. 'It is God's will now.' / God's will is not something Maddy puts a lot of stock in, but Helen seems to base her life around it. It is God's will that she lives with the Temne in a tiny village of just a handful mud and clay houses, and it is God's will that she came to Africa. Her work is God's will as it was His will that pushed her to leave the comfort of her home in Germany and then Médecins Sans Frontières, months after arriving in Sierra Leone. And it is God's will the sun shines and God's will the hunter brings back game and fishermen – fish, and God's will that they pray every evening. Helen insists for Maddy to join service, and while she complies and prays with everyone for good airs and good fortunes, she tries to leave as little room for God's will over Archer as she humanly can. She sits by his side patiently, wiping his face, forcing salt water between his cracked lips, whispering soothingly and stroking his arm as he struggles against his bonds, the words spilling from his mouth an incoherent mess of names and calls to invisible visitors. Sometimes, his eyes land on her and she sees a glimmer of recognition, sometimes he even opens his mouth to speak before melting back into delirium. She sleeps on a straw mat beside him when night comes, but it could hardly be called sleeping – just fitful dozing when weariness conquers worry. And so she remains by Archer's side as he gets steadily worse, his delirium giving way to a comatose state – he lies limply and his chest rises and falls in short, jerky movements. 'I am afraid you look no better than our patient, Maddy Bowen,' says Helen on the morning of the third day. Concern emphasizes the lines around her eyes and the way she purses her lips makes Maddy think of her mother. 'What say you get some rest and I sit with him?' But Maddy shakes her head stubbornly. 'I want to be here in case…' She leaves the sentence unfinished, unable to name the fear that gnaws at her heart. 'How much longer, do you think, until we know…that he'll be okay?' 'His fever breaking would be a most welcome sign. Until then…' Helen shrugs. / She jumps awake in the middle of the night, unsure of what had woken her, unease coiling in her intestines. Archer's body lies still and quiet, his skin a pale silver in the moonlight. Maddy sits on her knees, afraid to touch him. 'Hey,' she whispers. Then, a little bit louder, 'Danny?' 'Archer, huh?' The voice is barely more than a breath, and had she not seen his lips move and his eyelashes flutter, Maddy would think she's hallucinating. It'd be no surprise, after seventy two hours of no sleep. Holding her breath, she leans over him, extends her fingers to his forearm. For once it isn't slick with sweat and his skin isn't burning. 'Archer?' She whispers again. But his eyes are closed. His chest rises and falls peacefully, gone is the ragged breathing she has become so accustomed to. It is this newfound silence that must have woken her. Maddy falls asleep sitting by his bed, holding his index finger in her hand like the first time. / The first day that his fever breaks, Archer can hardly open his eyes and Maddy has to lift his head for a drink of water. Mostly he sleeps, and the few times he tries to ask her something, she brushes her fingers along his cheek and he turns to her cool palm like a sunflower to sun. 'Shh,' she says. 'Everything's okay. We'll talk once you have rested.' And he closes his eyes and drifts off again. That is the first night Maddy sleeps since returning to Sierra Leone. The next morning she finally remembers the task she had abandoned without a second thought. With that in mind, she takes the sat phone resting on a table and quietly steps outside. Her eyes sweep over the morning bustle of the village: the men leaving with their nets and spears; the women waving them out and rushing about their morning tasks of washing up the children and shoving them out the doors; the children falling into little groups as they make a whole journey of walking a few yards to the building that serves as a church, a school, and a place for all formalities; Helen waving them in, patting the occasional head and lifting her head to smile at Maddy. Maddy gives her a quick wave and punches in a number. After a few rings, she hears Solomon's voice on the line. She is relieved to find out his deal with Simmons went as planned and his family is set to arrive within days. Maddy's heart swells to hear the joy in his voce when he speaks of this fresh start. He confirms that her older sister had taken over the task of documenting the events as they unfold and promises to pass her Maddy's best. They exchange a few more words and she heads back inside. Archer is still asleep. Maddy stands still with a hand on her hip for a minute, looking him over, then without further ado, pulls her notebook from her bag and settles with her back against Archer's bed. With a pleased sigh, she dives back into the thing that makes her whole – changing the world with her words. Time and place melt away as the story spills from her pen and every smooth line of ink is a wondrous new beginning, the creation of something which would otherwise never exist. 'Exploiting the mishappenings a failed smuggler, huh?' Archer's voice jolts her back to reality. She turns around and smiles. 'On the contrary. Describing a rather miraculous journey.' Archer's lips twist into a spiteful grimace. 'Ja, ja. Don't doubt the ending would've been different if I had any say in it.' Maddy shrugs, choosing not to start an argument. 'I am glad to see you awake. How do you feel?' 'Like baboon shit, huh? How do you think?' He tries to lift himself on his elbows, but it's not a wise choice. His face contorted with pain, he falls back onto the pillow, breathing hard. Maddy touches the back of his wrist, torn by the feeling of helplessness. Roughly, he jerks his hand away. 'What the motherfucking hell,' he hisses between labored breaths. Maddy tentatively touches his shoulder. 'It's been a week since you were hurt, Archer. And you were very sick… If it hadn't been for Helen…' 'Helen?' 'She's a doctor. A spiritual healer found you and brought you back here and they both did all they could to help you…' He sneers. 'Remind me to kiss their hands and feet when I see them, a'right?' 'You know,' she snaps, 'you must be the most disagreeable person I have ever come into contact with.' And immediately regrets her words. The man has just narrowly escaped death, and there she is, berating him. 'I'm – I'm sorry.' 'Ja, don't sweat it. Won't be the first time I heard it, huh?' A silence stretches between them. Maddy desperately tries to think of something to say and when she does, they speak at once. 'So, Solomon's doing well,' Maddy says just as Archer furrows his brows and asks, 'When you say 'here', where do you mean, exactly?' 'It's, ah… All I really know is that this place is not on the maps and a good eight hour walk from Bafi. No roads lead here, how strange is that?' Archer lifts an eyebrow mockingly. 'And you call yourself a journalist, huh?' 'Well, forgive me for having more important things to do than run around writing down the village history! There are a lot of kids here. And other people who are trying to escape the war. I suppose Helen could explain, she seems to have a lot of say in how things are done. But I haven't talked to her much…' Archer scoffs. 'What?' 'Can't imagine what kept you…' But his lashes kiss his cheeks and his words drift away. / If there is one thing that Archer despises, it is feeling incapable. And at the given moment, he feels like a cripple. He is not only too weak to get out of bed, but he can barely lift his arms, as he finds out when Helen visits him in the evening with a bowl of soup. He is still having a hard time pulling his mind together and his thoughts play games with him, coming and going, making him feel he's missing something important. He's been shot and Solomon has the diamond. Solomon has the money and he has a bullet hole. And the bullet, as Helen later explains to him. Maddy is here. He has been shot. How would she know? Vaguely, he remembers telling her he wished she was there. But that's not something he would do so perhaps he had dreamt it. Or perhaps he was dreaming now. 'Danny.' Helen touches his arm and Archer realizes he's missed his mouth with the spoon. He curses under his breath. 'Figured it can't get any more rancid in here, huh?' Helen takes the bowl from his hands. 'What you need the most right now is rest. And your strength will return in due time.' 'Ja, ja,' he mutters. 'How about a smoke?' She looks genuinely appalled. 'Smoking will kill you.' Not before your kindly smile does, he thinks. It is after Helen wishes him a good night and heads for the door that he realizes he still knows nothing. 'Wait,' he calls out and she comes back to his bedside. 'After I was shot, how did I get here?' Helen gives him a look that says she's explained it before. But she smiles patiently. 'Our healer was out with the older children, collecting herbs when they heard gunfire. Once they ran up to you, they were certain you were as good as dead, but brought you back here, convinced that modern medicine can work miracles. However, I had run out of miracles a long time ago and if your girlfriend hadn't rushed over here wi—' 'What,' he snaps. 'What? My what ?' 'Oh,' Helen chuckles. 'I saw no rings, so naturally I assumed you two aren't married, but—' 'What?' He expels his breath with such force it sends him into a coughing fit. The pain is exquisite. 'Married?' He wheezes out. ' Where have you been getting your information?' Helen is silent until he catches his breath. 'She's a journalist; I am her story. A'right?' 'You owe her a mighty good story then, dear. I have not heard of many journalists who steal a bagful of antibiotics, fly into a war-ravaged country they have just escaped, trek thirty miles through jungle and spend the following three days waiting on a delirious man hand and foot just for a story.' 'Sure is committed, huh?' And as Helen leaves he thinks it would have been much simpler to die.[Chapter 3] As the sun is setting and the descending dusk makes writing impossible, Maddy lifts her strained eyes to see Helen observing her from the door. She tucks her pen into the notebook and approaches slowly. 'Perhaps a cup of tea?' 'I'd love to,' Maddy smiles and settles into a wicker rocking-chair as Helen brings out teacups and a kettle. 'Ah,' she sighs blissfully, 'tea is a delicacy now. It's no longer as simple as running off to Koidu for a refill. 'You are very isolated,' Maddy notes, holding the dainty cup in her hand, afraid that a click against her teeth might be enough to shatter it. 'Oh,' Helen chuckles, 'we like it that way. Do you know, I have not heard an angry word spoken in this village in, oh, I don't know how many years…' 'I meant you.' Helen gives her an amazed stare. 'Goodness, you pity me!' Maddy opens her mouth to deny the truth, but Helen waves her words away. 'Traipsing through the world is not for everyone, my dear! This place suits me just fine.' 'But you must have done some traipsing to get here.' 'Such a long time ago,' Helen says, gazing somewhere far into the night. 'I must have been very lucky to find my place so early on.' She is quiet for a little. Then her thoughts return to the present and she looks at Maddy again. 'Now, don't gape at me like that, dear! I am not a prisoner here. Whenever I miss civilization, I take a walk to Koidu and buy myself a vanilla cone. Believe me, I have never once been tempted to stay longer than it takes me to eat it.' Maddy takes a very careful sip of her tea, finding the cup much more durable than she thought it to be. She looks at the woman in front of her curiously. 'How did you come to stay here?' 'That's a long story I have no intention of boring you with right now,' Helen smiles. 'Rather, I'd like to hear more about this Danny who's been causing us all so much concern.' 'He's, uh…' Maddy sips her tea and muses. How could she sum him up, when she hardly knows him? 'He's…complicated. I have never met anyone quite like him. Sure, most everyone lives by their own set of rules, but he's very dogmatic about some things. I suppose it was a means of survival. You can't always both prevail and be a good person.' 'And the two of you..?' 'We had an interesting few days caught up in the unrest. And in all likelihood that's all it was meant to be. Quite probably, if his exploit would have ended well… But now, who knows? There is so much about him…' Maddy breaks off, unsure of what she wants to say. 'These cups,' Helen lifts hers, 'were given to me by someone very special.' She keeps sipping tea as Maddy waits for her to continue in a baffled silence. When her cup is empty, she extends it to Maddy. 'Here, take a look at it.' The cup is just like the one Maddy has been drinking from, but as she takes it in her hands she feels a certain roughness to it, a distortion of its perfect round shape. Looking at it closely, Maddy realizes it has been put together from many broken pieces. She runs her finger along the gently lopsided rim and looks at Helen questioningly. 'It slipped from my fingers once, and…' Helen spreads her hands. 'So I collected all the pieces, and still, some tiny ones I must have missed, I went to Koidu and bought myself glue, and I spent hours, my dear, hours bent over it, trying to piece it back together. And how many times a shard slipped and cut my finger. And how many times I gave up! I'd put it in a cabinet and take it out a few days later, I'd glue one piece at a time, but, oh, my dear, to know which piece! Which was the right one when they all looked the same? Goodness gracious, this was the most daunting task I have ever faced. But as you see.' She smiles and takes the cup back, holds it lovingly. The ramblings of a lonely aging woman that interest no one. But Maddy is a gracious guest. 'What a tale for one cup to have.' 'A man is not a cup, my dear. You only get one try to put all the pieces back the right way and you can't store him in a cupboard when you're sick and tired. And the hardest part? You'll never know if you're finished.' '…I don't understand.' 'All I'm saying is do you have that kind of patience?' / Sleep on demand is a hard art to master and a useful one to have. But the one absolute necessity for it is exhaustion and Archer has been doing nothing for far too long. He is not tired. Instead, he's angry at his lack of ways to avoid thinking. He's back to square one. Even worse – square zero. His diamond is gone, his employer is dead, his connections will soon want him dead, and he has nothing to show for it. No way off this side of the world. And even if there was – where would he go? The spreading unease is hard to shake – it grips the back of his throat like an anaphylactic reaction and shades in the peripheral vision of his thoughts until only one thing stands out and that one thing is fear. All he can see is what's wrong. Everything. Very slowly, Archer draws in a deep breath and holds it as long as he can. One thing at a time, like always. 'Hey!' His eyes fly open as Maddy bursts in. 'You'll never believe what I found.' She's all smiles as she comes up to him. 'Come on, let's get you up.' Archer doesn't share her enthusiasm. He winces sitting up. 'This better be worth it, huh.' 'Oh, trust me.' She hooks his right arm over her shoulder and together they stand. Archer moves cautiously. His legs feel stiff and foreign and for the first few steps, he struggles not to stumble. Maddy all but drags him out. At last, sees the place that has given him shelter. Leaning against the doorjamb, he catches his breath while his eyes wander over the village. It is barren in the mid-day heat, only a chance head of a child poking from one of the humble huts. 'Come on,' Maddy tugs at him. 'It's getting cold.' He lifts his brows. 'What is, pray tell?' She laughs. 'You'll see.' They make their way across the central clearing and turn behind one of the huts – 'this is where Helen lives and that's where I am,' Maddy waves at a window – when he sees a tub. 'What the…?' But Maddy is already unwrapping the bandages from his chest. 'Apparently Helen likes to treat herself to some civilization, so she had this built.' And when he gives her a reprehensive look, 'Relax, she said you'll be fine as long as you take care and keep your wound above water. And you really stink, Archer.' He smirks. Maddy points to a bar of soap and a towel on a stool and turns to go. 'Give me a holler when you're done; I'll be inside.' 'Waiting at the window?' Archer's smirk grows into a crooked grin. She glares, but there's laughter in her eyes. 'Don't worry; I have better things to do than peep at you.' 'It's not peeping if I know, huh.' 'Riiiight.' Maddy waves her hand indifferently and walks off. She isn't even around the corner when he drops his pants. This is Africa – modesty is an extinct specimen. Getting in the tub takes a while longer – lifting his leg over the edge proves to be harder than he recalls. But a deep breath and a sharp jolt of pain later, he plunges in. Bathing – what a luxury. Vaguely, he wonders if he's ever been in a bath. A memory so distant it frays around the edges and dispels before taking shape fills him with a sleepy reprieve. He lifts his good arm over the side and leans back. The jungle chirps and chatters. A light breeze stirs his hair and creates a mysterious dance of sun and shadow on his face. His parched, filthy body relaxes in the lukewarm water. And for the moment, Danny Archer is simply pleased. / 'Jesus, Archer,' Maddy catches up to him just before he reaches his cabin. 'Your pride will be the death of you.' 'Ja, ja. Either that or my greed, huh?' He throws his towel across a chair and heads back out while Maddy gets fresh gauze. 'Hold on.' And he stands patiently, leaning on the doorjamb while she bandages him properly. Rivulets of water run down his neck and back, soaking into the gauze and tempting Maddy to grumble. But drying hair with one hand might not be that simple a task, thus she holds her tongue and goes inside to grab the towel. When Maddy comes out, Archer is sitting on a step below the overhang, scraping at his beard with a hunting knife. She sits beside him and towels his hair, observing the tension in his arms and shoulders, the stiff way he holds his head, the fist with the knife, knuckles pallid. Touching him feels like patting a tiger – not something a wise woman would do. But Maddy has patted tigers. She works her thumbs into his shoulders and slowly, he loosens up against her hands. 'You know, I never once thought of Africa as idyllic after I first arrived. But here…' she says and with much more agility than she thought he had, Archer shoots up and spins around to face her. 'What are you doing here?' His voice is rough, mean. 'I… What?' 'What are you doing here, Maddy?' She is caught off guard. His face is still grayish and the dark circles under his eyes do him no favors, but his gaze is as determined as ever and his features deeper, grimmer than before. Every trace of weakness is gone, trodden into dirt along with his facial hair. 'When I spoke to Helen and found out you were alive… I had to do something.' 'Like write your story and change the world, huh?' Still, she ignores the derogatory tone of his voice. 'You change the world one person at a time.' 'I didn't ask to be saved, huh? Huh, Maddy? I said I'll either get the pink or not come out. There was no third option, a'right?' 'Are you saying you'd rather be dead?' She narrows her eyes and tries to swallow her anger. He just looks at her through furrowed brows. Finally, she speaks again. 'If this is over the money, I am sure Solomon will cut you in on—' 'It's not about the fuckin' cash, a'right?' She stands up, heels of hands against the small of her back. 'Then I don't understand.' He thrusts his face to hers, eyes blazing, voice low. 'Let me return a favor, Maddy. If I'd had a choice, the diamond would've been mine and Solomon would've ended up in Conakry penniless. So why don't you get on a goddamn plane and go look for 'idyllic' somewhere nicer, huh. I'm not some damn hero to be played nice with and waited on beck and call.' 'You know, Archer, if there's anyone here treating you differently, it's you. As though you are terrified of realizing you're not the fiend you have talked yourself into being.' She pauses, adds, 'you are just a man like any other when you're bleeding to death.' 'Shame I'm not all the time, huh,' he says quietly, brushing past her. She doesn't follow him inside.[Chapter 4] The village is silent, almost eerie in pale moonlight. Not a leaf stirs as Archer readjusts the strap of his AKM, and with one lingering glance over his shoulder melts into the jungle. He moves carefully, keeping his back against the trees, peering in the darkness for a night watch, a ravine, a sleeping animal, anything that might bring notice to his flight. In his concentration not to be seen, he nearly stumbles over someone seeking the very same thing. A man, crouching in a cluster of palm bushes, almost invisible, almost immaterial. Archer freezes. But the man takes no notice, and Archer starts to back away. Just then, the man shifts, a stray beam of light stretching along the smooth metal surface of his machine gun, and Archer realizes this is no local taking a dump in the bushes. Instinctively gripping his knife, he circles around until he is but a hand's reach away from the crouching man. The man is leaning forward, one hand by his face. Quietly, he speaks. 'Affirmative. Moving in to scout his location. Over.' And that is the very last sound to escape his lips. Efficiently, Archer strips him of weapons and sits back on his heels. The mercenaries are aware of his location. He wipes his knife with the corner of his shirt. Hardly surprising. If anything, he had expected someone to go looking for him. You don't get to just fuck off on your merry way after murdering someone like the colonel. And yet. It should have taken longer to be pinpointed. Being hunted is an exhausting pastime, one that becomes almost unbearable when the prey runs without direction. So for the first time since regaining consciousness, he thinks not of the mess he is in, but of the next course of action. And while he knows perfectly what that should be, he finds himself going in the opposite direction, back the way he came from, feeling much like a man walking straight into his doom and unable to stop. He slips into the cabin at the corner of the village and navigates to what should be Maddy's room. The door comes ajar with a touch of his hand. In the dark depths he makes out a sleeping shape. Maddy lies on her side, one hand under her cheek, smiling in peaceful slumber. A loose curl tumbles over her face. He reaches to brush it away, but draws his hand back. 'Hey,' he whispers. 'Maddy.' She stirs, her lips part in a sigh and a flash of lust causes him to briefly forget his intentions. He should leave. He should stand up, walk away without turning back. 'Maddy.' He shakes her shoulder, nothing tender in that act. She sighs again and opens her eyes. Wide. 'Shhhh,' he holds a finger to his lips as she scrambles up, taking the sheet with her. 'What the hell?' 'Listen. How have you been talking with Solomon?' Maddy scratches her temple. Blinks. 'Solomon? Seriously, you want to know about Solomon in the middle of the night?' 'Just humor me, huh?' She graces him with a scorching look. 'I have been using your sat phone.' 'Goddamn it.' He's surprised they hadn't swooped in to annihilate every form of life within a five mile radius. 'Not as though you are the one paying for it.' 'Exactly, huh? The ones paying for it are the ones tracing it.' 'Oh.' 'Clever as you are, couldn't have thought of that, huh. I just ran into one of 'em in the jungle, so you take what you need and be quick about it. We're leaving.' Maddy ruminates his words, confusion in her eyes. But then her face hardens. 'And what were you doing in the jungle?' 'Hightailing it outta here,' she spits. 'Ja.' 'Then, go. It's only you they want. I can do without any additional survival camping.' Archer turns his head away, gritting his jaw. He feels the muscles of his neck pull tight. It releases pressure, so when he looks back at her, he can speak calmly. 'They are not friendly people to begin with, and finding another one of theirs dead will only foul their moods further. When they enter the village, the only gift they'll be bearing is open fire.' 'You killed someone tonight.' He stares at her incredulously. 'No. We had a friendly chat and then he lay down and slit his own throat. Get your things, Maddy.' Finally, she listens. He watches her throw her few things into a bag and sweep her hair back. 'All right. I'll get Helen and she'll help us round up the rest of the village.' He would prefer to think she's joking, because the other option makes him furious. 'We're not getting Helen. Or anyone else.' And turns to the door, his bad side away from her as he presses his palm against it. But Maddy doesn't follow. 'These people saved your life,' she whispers desperately, and when he doesn't respond, 'We can't let everyone just die . We can't bring the war here, too…' He looks at her, tries to think of something to say, but words trickle away like the time he is losing, has been losing, since the moment he turned the wrong way. Instead, he spreads his hands in an empty gesture and walks out. / Courage drains from her like water from a colander and all that remains is gritty fear. For a short moment, it is all she can do not to cry. And that is not like her and she knows it is not like her. Maddy Bowen doesn't get scared like a little girl. This is no different from any of the other times she faced imminent death. Only this time, she feels betrayed. Helen sits up as soon as Maddy enters. 'What is going on?' Maddy shakes her head. 'Archer was here.' 'So I heard. I presume he is leaving?' 'He is. He has. He said…' Maddy presses her lips together, searching for the best way to tell someone the home she's lived in for so many years might soon be destroyed. 'Archer was involved with the E.O. mercenaries. They were the ones who shot him, and I'm afraid they're coming back to finish the job.' 'Dear, they will never find us—' 'They already have and from what he's said, they are on their way. We have to warn the village, Helen. Everyone must leave.' 'Let them come! We have nothing to hide, and Danny has left.' Maddy drops to the bed beside Helen. 'They are not people to be reasoned with… Even from what little I saw of them, I assure you, they are the type to shoot first and ask questions later.' 'So seems to be the modern fashion…' Helen murmurs. 'When will they be here?' 'I – I don't know. Soon. Archer left in a damn rush.' 'Then we better get this done, dear. I will tell everyone to go to a neighboring village until the danger has passed.' Helen starts getting dressed when they hear a commotion outside. Both women exchange a fearful glance – are they too late? They trip over each other in their rush to run out, but stop short after throwing open the door. The village men are warily forming a circle around Archer, who speaks in rapid Krio. His words are clear and deliberate; his tone leaves no room for consideration. The men look at each other, their voices a collective murmur of unease. 'I see we have underestimated our mercenary,' Helen observes. 'Wait here, dear.' She joins Archer, and Maddy looks on. Words are spoken, hands gestured and waved, hard looks exchanged. Then, grimly, the men separate to the women waiting by their homes, holding their babies. Quiet whispers lead to the hitching of skirts and the gathering of children and prized possesions, and one by one, the families start departing, each in a different direction. The night sky has shifted to a vague shade of gray when the three remaining figures come together. 'What about us?' Archer looks east. 'Guinea is a few days' walk away.' 'You two go ahead,' Helen says. 'I will stay here.' Maddy stares at her, unbelieving. 'They will kill you.' 'Perhaps that is God's will,' Helen states calmly. Archer scowls and starts pacing. His lips move, forming inaudible obscenities, as he pointedly glances at the lightening sky. 'God doesn't want people to get shot! Truly, Helen, if I didn't know you better, I'd think you have lost your mind!' 'And perhaps I have.' The corners of her lips curl in a small smile. 'A long time ago.' Maddy looks at Archer for help, but he only glares, the muscle in his jaw jumping. 'Helen…' 'You go on, dear. I have been waiting for something to happen for a long time. This is it.' Archer glances at his watch. 'Two hours ago would have been a good time to leave, huh?' But Maddy ignores him. She looks at Helen. ' Why ?' 'There was a time when I was like you, my dear, I had to be everywhere, do everything, and, best of all, I had someone to do it with. We wouldn't go ten steps without each other. We were in Koidu when a guerilla war started. The shooting and screams woke us; we ran blindly into the jungle, and God led us here. We waited a few days for the unrest to pass and then he left to see what could be salvaged, to figure out a way for us to get home. I was pregnant then… He begged me to promise I will not leave before his return, and, you see, my dear, he never returned. This is a sign. It is time for me to go home.' 'Goddamn it.' Archer kicks a tree stump and storms off. 'I am leaving. Now .' Maddy stands, torn between following him and persuading Helen, but the older woman just shakes her head. 'Go on.' Then she turns around and walks off. Maddy chases after Archer. 'We can't just leave her.' 'Ja. I'll tie her up and you carry her.' He snaps without slowing. Maddy keeps pace. 'She saved your life—' ' That 's getting a bit old, huh?' At a loss, she grabs his wrist. 'Archer, please .' He rips his hand away and the look on his face when he turns to her makes her jump back. 'Don't test my reflexes,' he growls. And without waiting for her to recover, stalks over to Helen. 'I know where Richard is, a'right?' As a journalist, Maddy had long ago developed a sense for moments . And what happens next is one of those. Helen turns slowly, surprise and hope registering on her face. Her mouth moves emptily, as though trying to digest the information. Her fingers spread, and her breath catches. The world stops, just for a moment. But Archer wastes no time kick starting it again. 'So get off your high horse and we move out.' Helen swallows audibly. 'You are telling the truth?' He glares at her. 'Do I look like I care enough to lie?' / They disappear below the canopy just as the first light colors the sky pink and the silence of early morning is shattered by the chop of a helicopter.[Chapter 5] 'You two head east,' Archer gives Maddy a little push in the right direction, 'and I'll catch up.' Maddy opens her mouth to object but he silences her with a wave of hand. 'No time for that, huh. Just go.' So, grudgingly, they set off. Pushing past the undergrowth, Maddy glances over her shoulder as Archer moves noiselessly in the opposite direction. / Archer circles the empty village almost leisurely. Time is of essence; with every passing second the whirr of the 'copter grows louder. Any moment, and it'll drop into his view. But he is in no rush while lighting a dead man's cigarette. The calculated calm of his face is briefly broken by a smile when the smoke fills his lungs in a familiar rush of warmth. He surveys the sky and breathes out. Won't they be surprised. He leans against a tree in the outskirts, takes another long drag, and crushes the cigarette with his heel the instant the helicopter appears over the clearing. The few seconds it hovers are enough for Archer to jump out from under his cover, fire a round of bullets at the back propeller and leap back to the tree without missing a beat. The wound in his side burns. Expelling his breath sharply, he surveys the damage. His fingers move nimbly up the gun, switching the setting between series and singles. The Mi-6 quivers much like the wounded beast it is. Smoke pours from its tail. The whirring blades drown out the shouts of the men inside and from ground level they are panicked mimes on a wobbly stage. It takes them but ten seconds to make sense of the ambush and one by one, they drop over the side as the helicopter becomes harder to control. All had performed low-altitude landings in the training range and only a lucky few – under enemy fire. Those are the ones to land without bullets riddling their bodies. Archer shoots who he can in the air and breaks off in a run without looking behind as the first man hits the ground, ready to return fire before he finds his feet. The helicopter crash is a tiny earthquake under his boots. Between the dangling vines, the thorny brambles, the gnarly roots and the thick undergrowth, one must not scare the monkeys or flush out the birds, step on snakes or stumble over warthogs and, all at the same time, remember to cover his tracks; but the ease with which Archer sweeps leaves and vines to one side while pointing the gun at the ground so as not to shred them with the muzzle, the way he jumps from root to mound of leaves while avoiding soft earth and animal nests, the way he keeps a sharp eye ahead, beneath and above while making almost no noise and leaving no discernable trail makes running through a jungle appear deceptively simple. Even for a healthy man without a hole in his side that type of chase is a guarantee of fast exhaustion. Despite Archer's attempt to defy nature, it is not long before he loses his focus momentarily and that moment is enough. He stumbles over a low climbing vine and falls hard against a tree, knocking all breath out of his lungs. His vision dims as pain explodes in a brilliant flash and he drops to one knee, one hand sinking into the earth, the other clutching his searing side. The jungle is silent of any foreign noise. But he has no doubt they had seen the direction of his fire, had found the cigarette and empty shell casings and are tracking him as diligently as he is trying to lose them. But there is only so much he is capable of, and for now all his vigor is spent. Pain is an exhausting bitch. He waits for his heart to stop racing before dragging himself up and continuing on his way. This time, slower. And the machine gun is assigned the role of a temporary staff. / Maddy is thankful for Helen's presence as the two women try to keep a steady course. Both had heard shots being fired and both had looked anxiously in their direction and both had turned their backs and walked on. No words were exchanged, no words seemed fitting. Trapped in an uncomfortable silence, chock full of unease, they glance at each other periodically, but neither speaks as they trudge through the jungle, taking detours to one side or the other, walking around fallen trees and impenetrable shrubbery, sometimes doubling back and sometimes falling into paths trodden by wild animals and the higher the sun rises, the more often and with growing anxiety Maddy glances over her shoulder. But time after time, Archer fails to materialize behind them. 'This is madness,' Maddy mutters. 'What is, dear?' 'This.' She switches her bag to another shoulder and slows her pace. 'This is madness. Of all the situations I have gotten myself into. This. Running through the wilderness. From who, to where?' She pauses. 'For what ?' She glances at Helen and their eyes meet. 'To you, everything is either a story or it's not.' Helen observes. Maddy wants to disagree, but there is too much truth in Helen's words. Her frustration grows. She had never let anything come above her work. She had flown out to Bangkok the day after the death of her fiancé's mother, she had hopped a bus to Lahore hours after depositing a friend in a Pakistani hospital, she had delivered an article despite her own illness, and in brash contradiction she had dropped everything for Archer. And now, because of him, the story of her lifetime is slipping away. Her story, the story, one that she nearly risked her life for, is effectively disappearing along with the impact it could have on the world, while she flees for her life for crimes she never committed. 'It is my job,' she says, 'to find a story. I can open ignorant eyes and, true, most will forget as soon as they flip to the next page, but if I affect even one person, that is enough. Even one person tips the balance in the favor of good.' 'There are more ways to affect someone that with a story,' Helen smiles. 'Perhaps this is a chance to do just that.' 'Perhaps.' Maddy leans against a tree and Helen follows suit. 'But who am I kidding? This is hardly—' 'That's what you get when you leave two women on their own,' a gruff voice interrupts them. 'A talk show on enemy ground, huh.' Maddy spins around, delighted against her own will. 'You are okay!' 'Ja, ja. Better than ever. Let's get a move on, a'right?' And without waiting, he walks past them. Maddy doesn't miss the bloodstain on his side. She catches up to him. 'What happened?' Archer pauses and gives her a hard look. 'Is that really what you want to be thinking about?' He walks off before Maddy can respond. 'How kind of you to worry about my delicate emotional state!' She calls after him mockingly. / The constant chatter of the women behind him is why Archer fails to discern the first telltale signs of company. Or that is what he tells himself, unwilling to own up to his exhaustion. It is the sound of gunshots ahead, much too close for comfort, which brings him to a sudden halt. He hears them, then, as the women fall dead silent, loud and unruly. He hears them, only a matter of yards away, like he should have heard a long time ago. He scans their surroundings, searching for a place to hide, seeing nothing. Their only option is to bolt in the opposite direction and hope to cover enough distance in enough time. 'Come on,' he whispers fiercely, furious at both of them, standing rooted to the spot, eyes wide. Maddy is the first to react. She grabs Helen by the elbow and propels them towards Archer, away from the oncoming voices, deeper into the brush. He lets them pass and follows suit, dropping the gun into his hands, his finger caressing the trigger when a whiplash branch catches the sling and jerks the gun and the trigger hits his finger and every chance of getting away explodes from the muzzle and sinks into the dirt in the form of a bullet. 'Run!' he shouts at them, but it is a pointless command. He knows. And he knows none of this would be happening if he'd have left without a lagging tail. 'Drop the gun.' Archer turns to Maddy. She's scrambling in her bag, pulling out her camera, rooting through her notebook. Her eyes fly up to him. 'Drop the gun.' He hesitates for just a fraction of a second. 'Drop the gun, or we don't stand a fighting chance, Archer.' And he lets the gun slip from his fingers. It thuds to the ground just as a mass of oddly dressed, heavily armed dark-skinned youth bursts from the foliage, machine-gun muzzles aimed out. They waste no time in surrounding the trio and Archer figures the only reason they haven't fired is curiosity. ' Tri white mohnki in Africa!' A scornful voice. Archer turns to the speaker, a young man in combat gear. 'We are journalists.' Maddy speaks boldly, and the way she flashes her press card is almost challenging, as though she is daring anyone to dispute her words. 'Journalists!' He laughs. 'Journalists! Interviewing trees, yeh ? Gonna scare dehm into talkin' wit this?' He kicks the machine-gun at Archer's feet and laughs again. Everyone laughs with him. Archer narrows his eyes, but Maddy gives him a sharp jab as she steps ahead. 'We are journalists,' she insists. 'We saw a helicopter go down and rushed there, but our guide was shot and we were just making our way back to the car when we had the fortune of running into you. I am with 'Vital Affairs'', she continues, then quickly gestures at Helen. ' We are. Covering the other side of this war.' She pauses, looks around slyly. 'The untold story.' The man in combat gear inspects her carefully and turns to his companions. ' Wetin go wi du wit dehm wetmen? ' The men and boys rile up, waving their guns and shouting over each other. Maddy backs up and bumps into Archer. She turns her head to him. He breathes out, blowing her hair away. 'What are they saying?' 'Debating whether to shoot us now or save us for target practice.' 'Not funny,' she whispers. 'You did good,' he says quietly. 'But they're gonna want our car, huh.' Maddy turns further over her shoulder. She opens her mouth to speak, just as the group falls silent. The young man makes his way to the front again. 'I am Foday Kallay and dehm the West Side Boys. Yu wit us now.' For the first time, uncertainty laces Maddy's voice. 'What do you mean..?' ' Yu want our story, yu got it. We take wetman guide to yu motoca , he goes to dohkta and yu kom wit us.' Archer notes the subtle shift in Maddy's posture, the slight drop to her shoulders and the inconspicuous bow of her head, and before the defeat settling in her body ruins her hard work, he pushes past her. ' O.K., i noh bad plan .' He pulls out a few cigarettes, puts one in his mouth and holds the other out to Kallay. ' Sigreht ?' He shoots a glance at Maddy and catches her staring at him – at his side. She averts her eyes with a guilty expression. Looking where she had, he inspects the bloodstain slowly spreading on his shirt. Thinks he does not feel as bad as it looks. He doesn't feel as bad as he looks. That is always an advantage. / Maddy and Helen are soon enveloped by the marching rebels and Archer vanishes from their sight. They are headed in the direction of their nonexistent car, the location of which Archer had described in the most unperturbed manner. They had only been walking for a quarter of an hour, but there is only so long a search like this can go on. Maddy fears their time will soon expire. She wracks her brain for the next move, but the only recurring thought is the desperate glimmer of denial after any calamity: this can all be undone if only. But this is no place to be desperate. Her eyes roam the rebels for Archer and finally she sees him, lumbering along a few yards away, his gait awkward and weary. Excusing herself from Helen, she quickly catches up. 'Are you all right?' Archer shrugs as his eyes dart warily around. 'Listen,' he says under his breath, 'this won't go on forever, huh.' 'What do we do?' 'You do nothing.' He pauses, breathing heavily. 'Don't forget I'm your guide, a'right? Without me you don't know your left from right, much less where we're going.' She tries to make sense of his statement, feeling a catch somewhere. 'Ja, Maddy?' He prods when she doesn't answer. 'Why would we be…without you?' She asks slowly. 'If you do something stupid and get shot, do you realize—' 'Quiet,' he hisses. 'Jesus Christ. You do your part and I'll do mine.' 'If you don't tell—' She is cut-off by the sudden intrusion of Kallay draping his arms over their shoulders. 'Tell?' He cocks his head to one side, then the other. 'Tell wetin ? 'Tell you,' Maddy answers before she even invents her lie. Her heart skips a beat as her mind races. 'Tell you that we need to stop to rest.' She nods her head at Archer. 'He is not feeling so well.' 'I'm fine, huh,' Archer responds irately, but his shortness of breath is evident. ' Aw fon du ,' Kallay grins coldly. ' Wi rest at the motoca .' He shows no intention of leaving. Unable to bear his company, Maddy returns to Helen and continues watching Archer with a sinking feeling in her stomach. Gradually, he falls behind them and the next time she turns to look at him, he has become the center of attention. Coughs wrack his body and he sways precariously as all eyes land on him. He staggers a few steps and drops to his knees, still coughing violently. For a split second, his eyes bore deep into Maddy's. He shakes his head in an almost unperceivable manner. At that moment another attack overtakes him and blood spills from his mouth, spraying in heavy drops with every cough, staining his lips a gory red, running down his chin and dripping on his shirt. ' Mekes !' One of the rebels pokes him with the muzzle of his gun, but instead, Archer crumples to the ground. Maddy can only stare in horror as the rebels surround him, prodding him with their guns. When that yields no results, they administer a few kicks for good measure, but their only reward is a single bubble of blood that slowly swells on Archer's lips. Then he is still. Finally recovering her senses, Maddy attempts to run to him, but Helen grips her wrist in an iron hold. 'Oh dear,' she says softly. 'You cannot help him now.' One of the rebels aims his gun at Archer's head, but Foday Kallay lays his hand on the stock and pushes it down. He kicks Archer and his body lolls limply. ' De de bohdi ,' Kallay speaks. ' Wi noh waste O.K. faya .' When Maddy at last shakes loose of Helen and throws herself at Archer, her way is blocked by Kallay. He grasps her by the shoulders and despite her struggling, drags her away. ' Wi rest at the motoca, yeh ? And they march on. / Glossary: Tri - three Mohnki – monkeys Dehm – them Wit - with Wetin go wi du wit dehm wetmen? – what will we do with these white-men? Yu – you Motoca – car Dohkta – doctor Kom - come O.K., i noh bad plan – good, sounds like a plan Sigreht – cigarette Wetin – what Aw fon du – what can one do? Mekes! – move! De de bohdi – a dead body O.K. faya – good ammunition[Chapter 6] The chaos of pounding footsteps, frantic shouts and tortured howls, guns firing, bodies writhing in agony fades to a dull throb in the back of Maddy's head and her fingers move inside her knapsack as though on their own until she is clutching her camera, crouched behind a motionless body, click-click-clicking as life and death paint the scenery. Someone stumbles over her and her camera falls from her hands, breaking the safety barrier between her and harsh reality. She scrambles for it, feeling acutely (and irrationally) conspicuous, but as her fingers close over the objective, she realizes that the worst of the battle has passed. Slowly, she comes to her feet, a lot less sure of herself when her camera hangs uselessly from around her neck and her eyes see the world without the arbitration of a glass box. Even though caught unprepared, the West Side Boys outnumbered their attackers, winning by sheer body volume if nothing else. The few remaining enemy are disarmed and brutally restrained, hands tied behind backs. From their tight black tanks, camouflage pants and jackets, and military haircuts, Maddy recognizes them as the men she had been running from, before falling into the arms of the West Side Boys. Hard to tell which of the two are worse, she muses, inspecting the thinly pressed lips and mean, narrow eyes that depreciate any and all facial features, leaving those men unnaturally indistinguishable, each face the same mask of anger, each face – it suddenly strikes her – the same as Archer's. She wonders if it's something they learn in the army, how to wear a face. 'Where is he?' A growl – and instantly Maddy recognizes the speaker. Cordell. She freezes in surprise as his dark eyes bore into her. 'The motherfu—' he is cut off by the butt of a gun striking him across the mouth. 'Quiet!' Foday finally makes himself obvious, just as Maddy stutters, catching her response to Cordell before it rolls off her tongue. ' Dehm dogs don't have noh voices .' Then he turns to her. 'And neither do women.' Women. Maddy spins around, her eyes searching wildly. 'Helen?' She utters, a bubble of panic swelling in her chest. 'Helen,' she calls, louder, not seeing her among the standing. ' Noh fityai mi! ' Foday bellows, firing in the air. All eyes fall on him. All eyes, that is, but Maddy's, for what she sees bursts the bubble of panic and it spills out of her in the form of a strangled cry. A shoe, and a shapely calf, a leg, a gray head, facedown and unmoving. Maddy's attempt to dash for the body is roughly intercepted and her hands twisted behind her back. ' Yu tu drai yai ,' Foday says in a sing-song voice, approaching her. 'Too Western. When a . Se . Quiet.' He punctuates each word with a backhand slap, ' A mean. Quiet.' Maddy scrunches her eyes in an attempt to contain the welling tears. Helen's foot swims in her field of vision, so she dips her head. She does not miss the satisfaction this gives Foday – thinking her humbled, but it is neither the time nor the place to speak her mind. 'Forgive me,' she whispers, already calculating her next move. / To Cordell's credit, he barely gives a start when Archer falls into place beside him. He blinks twice in disbelief and faces straight ahead once more. 'If you're so keen on dying, you could have let me do the honors,' he says softly, his eyes scouting the closest guard. 'Don't worry, bru ,' Archer's voice is barely above a whisper, but a note of cheerfulness shines through. He always did love the thrill of not being caught – and the bigger the risk, the better. 'There is plenty of time, still.' 'We're dead men walking. Tomorrow we reach camp and that's the end of the time.' 'TIA, huh? Anything could happen.' Cordell falls silent, perhaps to consider the likelihood of 'anything' happening. Both men carefully choose their footing in the sheer blackness that is night in a jungle. The light of a few torches is immediately sucked into the vacuum of the night, and contrary to their purpose, they only make the dark darker. 'Marching on through the night, huh.' Archer gives a short, dry laugh. 'Either those two know each other or they ought to meet.' 'Cotzee isn't meeting anyone this side of the world.' Cordell states curtly. 'Oh, come off it, bru . You've been holding yer breath for how long now, waiting to come into his little business. It's almost like I did you a favor, huh.' 'Yeah. Put three bullets in my chest while you were at it.' ' Ja, ja , it was either you or me and you don't look any worse for the wear. Good stuff, those army vests.' 'What the hell do you want, Danny?' Archer shoots him a sly look. 'I like what I do, huh? And I'm damn good at it. Save for a rare misfortune, I put half of Sierra Leone's diamonds on the market. You want to keep that business going, you're gonna need me, bru . You can give orders, a'right, but I know how to talk to people. So call your hounds off and—' 'Talk us out of this and we'll see. And I mean,' Cordell pauses emphatically, ' all of us.' The need for a cigarette makes Archer's fingers twitch. He curls and uncurls his index finger, then unwraps a piece of gum found in a dead man's pocket. The uniform is just a bit too small for him; it constricts his movements like a shroud of anxiety that can't be shaken off. He resists the urge to tug at his collar. 'That can be complicated.' 'I don't need a man who can't do what I ask of him on my service.' A good hour passes before Archer speaks again. 'You'll be sewing the Colonel badge on your sash by this time the next day, a'right?' With that, he vanishes into the darkness, / When the procession stops for a brief respite, Maddy collapses on the ground with no intention of ever getting up. Every muscle in her body aches and her head is pounding. She tries to gather enough saliva to lick her lips, but all the water has been wrung dry from her exhausted body. All she manages to do is rest her elbows on her knees and hang her head. 'Tupac se , be good to our women. He se , do bad and it come back to yu . But a believe a do good because yu tu drai yai, ja ? Too bold. You be good to me, I be good to you, understand?' Maddy lifts her head at the sound of Foday's voice, but his words don't register. 'Tupac?' She says dully. Her tongue sticks to the roof of her mouth and the word comes out slurred. She shakes her head. 'Yes. Yes, I understand.' But Tupac? Even her brain has dried out, she feels, and shriveled to the size of a walnut. Desperately, she wants to make a connection with this man who holds her life in his hands. It should not be hard, given his youth and inexperience with all matters other than violence, but she simply cannot gather the energy required to think. Foday hands her a half full canteen and Maddy gulps with immense gratitude – only until the fluid hits the back of her throat and she coughs it back up, spitting and spluttering, almost retching at the strong, bitter taste. ' Mampana ', he laughs and snatches the canteen away. 'You take his words seriously?' She says, still spluttering, before he leaves. 'He say it ain't a crime to fight for what's mine. Dehm jungle, dehm country – is mine.' Foday taps his chest passionately then sweeps his arm at the WSB. ' Mi and mi people's. Tupac were alive – he would be here now, standing wit his brothas, guiding wi .' 'You don't think that his sword was a pen?' Foday only looks at her blankly. ' A think wetin ?' 'Perhaps he fought with his words; he fought by writing to inspire others like you to right the wrongs of your people.' ' Ja ,' Foday catches onto that thought. ' Ja , right all wrong and make way for better life.' He takes a deep swallow of palm wine and looks around himself with what could almost be taken for misery. 'Life is hell here. It ain't our fault – wi didn't make it. Wi try to fix it.' This young man, drowning in a closed circle of misery, evokes a deep sense of pity in her. Maddy fights to regain her balance before toppling from a cliff of inner conflict. 'You do as well as anyone, with what you have,' she says. Foday gulps down more of his mampana , shrugs, and stands up. ' Wi move in five.' Maddy leans against a tree trunk and stares ahead vacantly. All the torches stand in the middle of the small clearing, their fire flickering with soft light, not enough to give things their true color, but just enough to make out general shapes, delicate and ethereal. She blinks – and keeps her eyes closed. 'Looks like he fancies you, huh.' Archer's voice. She longs to plunge into that dream, away from the scary prospects of morning. 'Fuckin' bastard,' Archer speaks again and she almost smiles, but something touches her face and she startles awake. Or perhaps not, as Archer looms over her, his palm rough against her cheek. She feels her heart catch at the intimacy of his concerned face only a breath away from hers. Then his thumb runs over her swollen lip and every wisp of dreaminess vanishes. 'Ow.' She swats his hand away. Tries to look at him angrily, but all she feels is the throbbing in her head. 'I thought –' she says, runs her tongue over her lips again. 'Weren't you dead?' He grins at her with childlike glee and pulls his lower lip down with his pinkie to reveal a long gash. 'Bit through my lip. Clever, huh?' Maddy manages a smile. 'Good for you, Archer.' 'Listen, Maddy,' he says. She lifts her eyes to his wearily. That's how he always starts before blowing her mind with a ridiculous request. 'No,' she shakes her head. 'No, no, no.' Her tongue is dry and itchy. 'All I was gonna say is you look like you need a drink.' She looks at him suspiciously. 'Of water, a'right?' And like a miracle worker, he produces a canteen of stale, warm water that tastes a bit like plastic and a bit like something dead, but mostly, like heaven. She gulps it down, all of it, every last drop, and only as she wipes a tiny stream from the corner of her mouth, does her altruism return and she looks away guiltily when handing the empty canteen back. 'I hope that wasn't all you had…' 'Now, listen to me, Maddy,' he whispers urgently. 'You'll be back on your feet in a few and you need to understand this. You have to get Kallay to trade Cordell and his men with the E.O. for whatever goods he's lacking. Whatever most outrageous request he's got, as long as he agrees to a trade, yeah?' He pauses as though considering something. 'And make sure you're on the same truck because that'll be your only chance to get out of this fuckin' jungle, a'right?' 'Where does that leave you?' But Foday calls the end of the break and as Maddy struggles to her feet, Archer steals back into the darkness. 'You play Kallay and I play Cordell and we'll share the dirty details over a toast back on the base, yeah, Maddy?' He whispers urgently and disappears. Wait , she wants to say. Don't leave me here alone . / As a truck with three of the six captive mercenaries pulls away in the late afternoon, Maddy feels all her hopes shatter and fall about her feet. '—why a can't let dehm all go, yu see? Now dehm have to stay true to their word and—' Foday goes on, explaining his logic but Maddy isn't listening. She searches the edge of the stark campground, where tents and shacks give way to trees and bush, hoping for a glimpse of Archer, despite knowing he's not there. What now? The camp is a vile place. Although during the march Foday managed to maintain some sort of order, now is a different story. Of the four hundred men (and men is a term of grave inaccuracy for most of those 'men' are between the ages of twelve and sixteen) who live on camp, all are in different states of inebriation, constantly drinking and hollering, rolling in the dirt, smoking and shooting up, blasting different rap songs from different tape recorders, to form a cacophony of complete and utter chaos. And the presence of a woman does not go unnoticed by them. Since arriving on the camp early that morning, Maddy has managed to stay close to Foday, her only protection – and poor protection, at that. She suspects he's only keeping a level head until the trade goes one way or another, after which, no doubt, he will join his comrades. Even now he carries around his canteen of palm wine, unaware of the growing alarm with which Maddy counts his refills. Involuntarily, Maddy shudders. She has to leave while she still can. She should have been on that damn truck. But Foday drags her around camp, bragging about everything while she duteously takes notes and asks according questions. Every now and then, she shoots a glance at the three remaining mercenaries, tied to a pole in the center of the camp. Cordell is one of them, and that, she fears, is not favorable for the trade. The day bores on, hot and unrelenting on her tired body. And still she follows Foday, mostly for lack of other choices, even as his speech grows slurred and her initial pity for him turns to repugnance. He lays an arm on her shoulders, forcing her against his sweat-soaked shirt, and when he speaks, she swallows hard, to keep down the bile that rises with every whiff of stale alcohol. But still, she smiles and does not resist. And the day bores on. / There is no doubt in Archer's mind that all hell will break loose as soon as the trade falls through – and he knows it will the moment he sees Cordell is not in the truck. Not wasting time following the truck any further, he turns back and focuses his attention on the camp. Four hundred intoxicated little monsters, guns at ready, so eager to shoot and so far gone, it is not uncommon for them to riddle one another with bullets. In the light of day, and in his state, infiltrating the camp is impossible. He stays in the bush while pacing the edge, once almost tripping over an unconscious body – which he efficiently relieves of weapons and a small canteen of palm wine, until he settles on the shortest path to the captives. Then, he lights a cigarette, takes a nice, long swallow from the stolen canteen, and waits. Every so often he sees Maddy, looking spry as ever and completely unperturbed by the very real possibility of an early death. Truly admirable. When he catches himself searching for her as soon as she disappears from his line of sight, he cuts down a twig and preoccupies himself with whittling until the truck returns, empty of its cargo. Not long after, a small shadow slides over the campground, only once and very briefly. The camp has been spotted. Archer puts a toothpick in the corner of his mouth and checks his guns. Soon. Uneasily, he sweeps the camp with his eyes but Maddy's nowhere to be seen. And then, with no warning and no query, all hell breaks loose. Dodging flying shrapnel and debris, shielding his face with his forearm, Archer dashes for the center of the camp, where he falls to his knees for the brief moment it takes to cut the ropes binding Cordell, press a knife into his palm and drop a gun, and he's off again. The aerial pass is over and a terrible sort of quiet descends, save for music, which does not know the proper thing to do in such a situation and continues booming. The shell-shocked West Side Boys stare in a daze as Archer runs past them, keeping his head high and his eyes wide open. He must get to Maddy before the mercenaries sweep in for their own, annihilating everything in their path. But as though to punish him for refusing to look at her earlier, she is nowhere to be seen. 'Come on,' he says under his breath, just as the first bullet whines past. He doubles over and tries to keep going until the pain in his side becomes intolerable. Unacceptable. Leaning heavily against a shack, Archer peeks around, to see the West Side Boys finally coming to arms: a little too late, a little too sluggish. Of course, they never expected to be blown out of their safe haven. Just like he never expected to—and there he stops, for to start with that would be, perhaps, to go back twenty years ago, to the very beginning of the unexpected. With a grunt, he tears himself away from the temporary shelter and rushes ahead. She has to be somewhere . Somewhere with Foday, and Foday— Foday would go for his insurance. Archer spins around, back to the center of the camp, where the captives were and are not any longer. And right there with his back to that pole, holding Maddy as a shield, stands Foday, daring the E.O. to get him. Archer pauses but for a second, until his brain processes the image and the adrenalin kicks in. Then he is off again, rounding up on them from behind. If the E.O. get to her before he does, they won't think twice, he knows. What is once civilian in a war? 'Danny!' Cordell's voice cuts clear through the booming music and the rat-tat-tat of machine gun fire, but Archer does not slow. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Cordell and his men, backed against a shack, facing a small army of West Side Boys. And only Cordell has a gun. The amount of time it takes to make a decision can be broken down into science. Sensory information hits the brain at the speed of 30 meters per second and the response fires down accordingly. So while Archer falters, it is barely a fraction of a second later that he reaches the pole, and that fraction of a second is all the time he had before being too late, because as he latches on to the muzzle of Foday's AK-47, in the same motion sending them rolling in a tangle of lims and wills and Maddy tumbling in the opposite direction, the pole explodes with the mass of bullets fired from mercenary guns. Archer puts a few slugs in Foday and scrambles for Maddy, who follows him soundlessly, the only indication of fear being the frozen look on her face. He points her toward the jungle, only fifty yards away, and turns back for Cordell. But as they say, you can't have your cake and eat it too, and when Archer races up to the spot, all that greets him is a mass of bodies. He pushes them away, seeing the green of the E.O. uniform, until he uncovers Cordell. With his fingers against the carotid and his eyes searching for entry wounds he misses the flutter of Cordell's eyelids until he gurgles with a laugh, blood leaking from his mouth. 'Fucked up as always, huh, Danny?' He wheezes with a big, bloody grin that twists into an unrecognizable grimace as his eyes roll back and he gives one last shudder. Archer says nothing. For what is there to say, in the face of truth. Glossary: Dehm – they, them Noh – no Noh fityai mi – don't disrespect me Yu tu drai yai – you are too bold A – I Se – say, said Yu – you Mampana – palm wine Mi – my, mine Wit – with Wi – we Wetin – what[Chapter 7] Archer has never been the kind of man who needs to think ahead. He moves through life like water in a tumultuous river: spinning madly and colliding with every obstacle, but never faltering. And so, recognizing the situation as hopeless, he wastes no time backing away from Cordell. In the process, he nearly trips over Maddy, who stands behind him so absorbed in photographing, she doesn't seem aware of the hell surrounding her. She looks at him with wide, questioning eyes as he grabs her camera-bearing arm and pulls her out of the camp, through the underbrush, and into the depth of the jungle. There, he faces her angrily. 'When I give an order, you damn well follow it, a'right?' 'I don't take orders,' she retorts. Narrows her eyes at him. 'What now?' He clenches his jaw, not trusting himself to speak as a storm rages inside him. In the 32 Battalion, Archer had learned two things: how to follow orders and how to survive. More often than not, they weren't one and the same. To follow orders, he had first to survive, and it was something he grew exceedingly good at – surviving while doing the barest minimum of what was asked. Still, they were always there, basic guidelines giving him direction, an unwritten code propelling him forwards. Until the goddamn diamond, when everything started falling apart at the seams. Every day became a step down from yesterday, every turn – an impasse. All his life, he realizes with startling clarity, he'd been running into walls, sharp curves and difficulties, and he'd crashed into every single one. Like whitewater, bursting through the nearest downhill crevice. But now, there is no gap, no fissure in the stone walls, no chance of escape from the dead end he is facing and no one to offer a hint of direction. 'Wait until the end of the fireworks, ja ,' he manages, indicating the camp. 'Go out with your hands in the air and they'll get you home.' 'And you?' She asks, painfully aware of how often that question arises. 'Guinea is still only a few days away, huh,' he tosses over his shoulder, walking off. She trails behind. 'The camp.' He snaps. 'Is the other way.' 'I know,' she says lightly. 'But Guinea is only a few days away. And I've never been to Guinea.' Archer graces her with a scathing look before turning away again. 'If you can't keep up, it's on you.' He sets a maddening pace, at first just to spite her, and when she fails to fall behind, to keep from her the satisfaction of seeing his weariness. Soon the only thing driving him forward is anger. It pushes out the bitter disappointment, the stinging pain of failing. Failing, something else he is remarkably good at. This anger, it is a blinding white fog that swathes his brain in cloudiness; it seeps into the subarachnoid space; it mixes with the spinal fluid and fills every fissure and every sulcus; it flows over the colliculi, the thalamus; it wraps around his optic nerves and narrows his vision; it creeps down his spinal cord and follows the nerves to every fiber of his body and tingles over every inch of his skin. It constricts his throat, speeds his heart, tightens his muscles, robs him of his senses, but gives him the strength to keep going. Ahead, into nothingness. / After catching a few whiplash branches just before they strike her across the face, Maddy lags a few yards behind Archer. She can only marvel at his vigor, as a few hours of the intense march are enough to tire her out. But he surges on and she duly follows. The day melts into evening without a respite and Maddy shakes off a twinge of regret for choosing him. Perhaps she would be stretching her legs in army quarters right now. Perhaps, even, she'd be on a plane, high above this miserable country, counting away the hours to home. If she had gone back to the camp. If she had never returned at all. She looks at Archer's back, trying to read him, wanting for anything, any sign of welcome in the rigid way he carries himself. Any sign that to him she is not just a means to a direct goal, discardable once spent. For what use could she serve now? Their transaction – long over. Her return – unasked for. Still, she was of purpose to him. But he— she suddenly thinks—he had long ceased to be useful to her. Her recent actions are not for a story, not an act of humanity, not an attempt to change the world. It is a matter of feelings. Or maybe just the illusion of such. Maddy lifts her eyes to his back again. But nothing about him speaks out to her. She fiddles with the knobs of her camera, which always calms her anxiety. For it is not immediate danger that makes her anxious; rather, the fear of being expendable. Lost in her thoughts, she stumbles over something and, after a few running leaps to keep her balance, runs into Archer. She throws out her hand just before crashing into him full-force. He spins on her like an animal brought in from the wild: not people trained and vicious when feeling threatened. His breath is ragged. Sweat drips from his brow, trickles down his temples. For a moment, their eyes meet, but almost instantly, he looks away. As though looking at her is unbearable. 'I—' she stutters, pulling away her hand. 'I—' 'You what ?' he snaps. 'You want to go back, ja ? Be my fuckin' guest.' And he makes to turn away, but not before she grabs his upper arm. 'Why are you so angry at me?' She sees the muscle in his jaw jump, but he doesn't answer. He doesn't look at her. 'What the hell, Archer? What the hell was I supposed to do? Shit happens, it is not my fault that shit doesn't always happen how you want it. You can't possibly blame me for – for – I don't know what! We did our best—' 'How fucking American of you,' he shouts. 'Do your fuckin' best. Who gives a shit about the results as long as you do your fucking best. You wanna know something, ja ? 'Your best' doesn't matter in fuckin' Africa, a'right! You either do or you don't and when you don't, then that is something you are stuck with. But you grow up in fuckin' dreamland, where 'your best' is an excuse for every single failure, ja . It doesn't work that way here. When you fuck up, you fuck up. End of fucking story' –here his voice cracks– 'everyone dies. And you can tell yourself you did your best but it ain't gonna make them come back to life, a'right.' Out of breath, he falls silent and she, stunned by his outburst, cannot find her voice. They stand face to face, his eyes finally on hers, and in them, an unfathomable amount of rage. Or agony? 'So much guilt,' she hazards. 'Why?' But already, he's back to his unreadable self and the look he gives her is full of scorn. 'Writing my biography now, huh?' 'I am not always a goddamn journalist. I am asking you as a friend,' she insists. 'I don't have any friends,' he says. So simply and honestly, that forgoing any chance to be offended, she is only struck by the desolation behind such a statement. / 'We'll make camp here,' he says and, before she can try to snake her way inside his head once more, offers to bring food. 'I'll gather wood,' she calls out and disappears into the dusky foliage unnaturally quickly. Archer doesn't bother chasing her to say there will be no fire while they are still relatively close to the battle scene. By now, it must be swarming with all sorts of authority. He unsheathes his hunting knife and blends in with the trees, in search of any living creature, but apart for birds, the area seems to be deserted. No monkey for dinner. All the better. He doesn't feel starved for raw meat. Only for the chance to sink his knife into something warm and moving. Again and again. And again. He closes his eyes and leans against a tree. To find food. That is all he needs to do right now. He returns to their 'camp' with an armful of groundnuts, cashews, and cassava. He drops them into a neat pile on the ground and bites into a cashew, letting the juices run down his chin freely. And he waits for Maddy. But she doesn't return by the time he's done eating and it crosses his mind that she could have lost her way. Or went back. 'Good riddance,' he mutters under his breath to squash any emotion before it surfaces. Still, when she doesn't show up in the time it takes him to clear a space for sleeping, he goes looking for her. Night comes early to a jungle, and although the sky is still light, beneath all the foliage, at the meager height of a human eye, the evening slowly replaces color with shadows. Archer moves with typical silence, stalking rather than searching. He finds her leaning leaning against a gnarly tree, so still that he nearly walks past her. Her face is turned up to the sky, her hand pressed against her mouth. He looks up to see what she's watching, but detects nothing of interest. Keeping himself out of her sight, he moves a little closer. And instantly regrets it. She's crying. He cannot see the tears, but they are there, in her ungraceful sniffle, in her shaky sigh, in the way she roughly rubs her knuckles under her eyes – as though to punish them for leaking. For a minute he's torn by the urge to approach. But what would he do; what could he say? He looks at her until he's convinced that leaving her be is the only option. Carefully, soundlessly, he backs away. Once back at the camp, Archer finds himself at a loss of things to do. He paces to and fro. He cuts down a pile of palm fronds and loosely weaves them, as a spread to lie on. He cleans his knife. He cleans his gun. He gingerly peels back the bandages and inspects his wound in the vanishing light. Anything, but to stop and think. Until he runs out of things to do, until his body protests against the exertion and the lack of rest over the past few days and he more crumples than sits on the trunk of a palm that, against every law of nature, chose to grow horizontally. Only the crown reaches for the sky. Immediately, the chaos in his head flourishes. He closes his eyes and he clenches his fists and he dives headfirst into the mess of his life, searching for the one thing he can't find – an answer. The thoughts and passions come with such speed and intensity that they rob him of every shred of rationality. Like the eye of a hurricane, he is the nothing around which everything whirls. He does not notice Maddy approaching until her feet stop right in front of his eyes. But he does not lift his head. There is nothing to say. She falters, then comes closer. For a moment, everything hangs in a curious state of limbo. Everything stops, even his breath, even the world. And then all at once, her fingers brush over his head, his breath escapes in a rush, the world lurches forward and, helplessly, hopefully, with undeniable need, he slumps forward until his head falls against the flat of her stomach. Fatigue rolls over him, cuffing his wrists in iron shackles. The fundamental need to seek comfort defeats his habituation and every chance of rebuffing her is gone. Her fingers move hesitantly at first, then with growing certainty. They bury into his hair and dance over his scalp; they caress and stroke, radiating the long-forgotten warmth of closeness, massaging away the tension, and silencing the lambs. An unfamiliar feeling rises in his throat – his heart, struggling to climb out into her hands.[Chapter 8] 'Take off your shoes,' he mumbles, effectively breaking their strange embrace as Maddy backs away to inspect her shoes. '…What?' 'Your shoes. Take them off before going to sleep, ja ?' Her shoes ? He sighs patiently. 'It's damp here, Maddy. You don't want to be getting trench foot.' A little bewildered by the sudden change of atmosphere, she flops down beside him. Their bodies are barely inches apart, but the silence that only minutes ago bound them together is now awkward and heavy. The inability to think of something to say is new to Maddy. Even as a young girl, she knew when to speak and when to stay silent – and when it was time to speak, she always said just the right thing. But to know it is time to speak and have nothing to say? Quietly, she lifts her foot on her knee and begins unlacing her shoe. In a way, she understands. Not him per se, but where he's coming from. She's seen it before. The need to stay in control, the inability to show weakness, the rare bursts of irrepressible emotion. And then everything in between – a state of flippancy as though no one hurts him, nothing could be sad. 'I'll take first watch,' he says. 'You go sleep, ja , Maddy?' Exhaustion makes her attempt to argue halfhearted at best, and soon she is lying in a bed of palm leaves, bare feet and all. As she drifts off to sleep, she focuses on the tiny red ember of a cigarette floating where Archer paces. She wakes to a graying sky with the startling realization that she must have slept through her watch. Or, more specifically, she was never woken for it. Archer sits stoically, with his gun on his knees and his eyes wide open. 'Get up,' she demands annoyed. 'My turn.' He looks at her with a small smirk despite the weariness around his eyes. 'Do you even know how to use a gun?' 'You point and shoot,' she snaps, sweeping the gun from his knees. And in the wee hours of the morning, he sleeps. / A torrential downpour jolts Archer awake, rinsing away every trace of sleep before he's sitting up. Immediately he scrambles for the gun which Maddy tosses recklessly. The water roaring over leaves and pounding the ground drowns her shout. She leaps under a patch of open sky and dances in the rain. She spins around and around, catching raindrops in her open mouth, like a child at the end of the yearly draught. But unboundedly more attractive, he observes, spellbound by her joy. The shower is gone as suddenly as it appeared, leaving everything drenched. The ground turns to mud under their feet and water pools in the huge leaves of a philodendron. Archer shakes off like a dog and grabs their empty canteens. Maddy is still beaming, shaking out her dripping hair and peeling off her soaked clothes. She wrings her shirt and her pants. Her scantily clad body gleams in the flickering sunshine and when she begins toweling her hair with her shirt, Archer forces himself to turn away. The attraction to her is an ache in his loins, a tightness in his chest, the lightness of his head. But he does not sleep with women he knows. Or rather, he doesn't know the women he sleeps with. In fact, he doesn't sleep with women. He never takes them home and he never stays the night, and he never remembers their names. In and out and adieu, that is his strategy, one that came from the army and one that applies to anything. But there she is now, a woman who caresses his hair and dances in the rain. And he doesn't know how not to want her. The rest of the day is uneventful, for they walk fast and talk little, resting just so long as to catch their breaths. As evening falls, they break free from the jungle into a savannah. Maddy gasps and he spins around, gun at ready. But no one is holding her hostage. 'Look,' she says softly, reaching out for him so her fingertips touch his arm. ' Ja, ja ,' he shrugs, 'National Geographic material.' 'Shut up,' she says. 'And look .' So he tries to look as she does, tries to find the magic in the vast rolling grass of the savannah, to marvel at the isolated trees with sloping branches that hold up clouds of leaves, to be lost in the pink horizon, astounded by the distant shapes of long necks swaying toward the sunset. But he is unimpressed and aware that disappoints her. 'This country,' she speaks, her words full of passion, 'it can be heartbreaking, it can be ugly . I have nowhere else seen so much ugliness all at once. But then, stepping out of the jungle, it becomes so clear – it's not the place, it's the people . Hateful, vile, brimming with malice. And maybe God washes his hands of them, I don't know. Maybe He turns a blind eye and lets them find their own way back. But He never left , don't you see? He's right here, in places like this, and it's up to us to reach out to Him.' Something catches in his throat. It irritates him, she irritates him. He frowns and doesn't reply. 'I grew up in New York,' she says. 'Our jungle was the City and Central Park was like a zoo you went to see trees. The only wild animals I saw were squirrels. But to grow up here, one with nature… You must have loved it when you were a child.' 'When I was a child,' he repeats blankly, as if those words hold no meaning to him. 'When I was a child.' He rolls the phrase off his tongue, tasting it. ' Ja. Ja , I loved everything when I was a child.' 'But not anymore?' 'What is there to love,' he says flatly. She looks at him with sad eyes and he's drawn to fall into the warmth they offer. / The sun dips below the horizon, leaving in its tow a sea of purple hues. Mist slowly creeps across the savannah, softly at first and then as a thick white cloak that gathers at their knees and puts them in a land of clouds. If she could, she would take the feelings bursting from her and plant them in his heart like flags, fill his heart with hers, cup it in her palms and breathe all the love for the world into it. But as it is, she cannot tell him what to love. Love me , she could say. Love me and I'll show you what there is to love . 'Will we stop here for the night?' she asks instead. He nods his head at the jungle. 'In there.' Soon they have a small fire and not long after that, Archer brings back a small skinned creature to roast. Maddy isn't picky about food, but she prefers it without head and legs attached. She eyes the thing curiously. 'Hope it isn't endangered.' Archer shrugs. 'Sure isn't anymore, huh.' While waiting for it to cook, she sits opposite him and watches his hands: strong and lean, reliable. She wonders if they move with the same ease when he's killing a man. Pleasing a woman. With the same synchronized ripple of the muscles as they flow one into another, smoothly, precisely, turning the wrist, pulling the tendons, rousing his fingers into action. He turns the pike with the animal one way or another. Their silence doesn't seem to concern him. Yet there are still so many things Maddy wants to ask. And she tries, but he isn't interested. The creature sizzles and starts producing a heavenly smell, especially to someone who's been living on weird African apples and water. 'So—' 'So, how about you stop asking questions, ja , Maddy?' His tone is testy. 'I was only going to ask when we can eat,' she replies, hurt. Archer gives a sigh. She wraps her arms around her knees and rests her chin on them. 'I'll tell you a campfire story, a'right,' he offers in conciliation a few minutes later. He lifts his eyes to her, but she cannot read them through the fire dancing in them. 'You can even take notes, ja ,' he coaxes. 'A real Rhodesian folk tale. No place else you are gonna hear one.' He tosses his cigarette into the fire and begins. 'Once there was a young boy who lived in a village of Rhodesia. He lived with his mum and dad, whom he loved very much. But his aunt, she also lived with them and she just seemed to live to order him around. She was mean and angry and all she did was nag. Nag nag nag. The boy, he got very tired of this, ja ? 'He dreamed of going to the dawa mtu , the medicine man, ja , and asking him for some kind of potion that might shut her up. But he didn't do this because he was a good boy and his parents had taught him well. 'Besides,' his dad would say, 'yelling at you keeps her out of my hair!' So the boy put up with it. 'Until one day, she asked him to do something he really didn't want to do, ja . She wanted him to go deep in the jungle and pick some fruit. The boy was no coward, but he'd heard that in this part of the forest there were caves. And it was said that in one of these caves there lived Ajabu Kiumbe ' – here he pauses, searching for the right words – 'a Strange Creature. It had a big mouth and a big belly and liked to eat human flesh. The boy told his parents he didn't want to be eaten by the Strange Creature. The aunt didn't believe him of course, but his dad said they shall go all together and see about it. And pick that fruit while they're at it, ja ? 'Next morning, they all went to the caves, even the aunt. She didn't think there was a Strange Creature, ja , but she wasn't gonna miss a chance to give him a good yelling. So there they were, outside those caves picking that fruit; only the aunt wasn't. She was devouring it, stuffing her greedy mouth, seeds and rinds flying everywhere. And only the boy was listening, paying attention to every rustle in the bush, because no one else really believed there was a Strange Creature living in the caves. And suddenly, there it was, the Strange Creature. It leapt out from behind some bushes, right in front of his mum and dad. With its drooling toothy mouth and a big shaking belly. It grabbed the boy's dad and swallowed him whole. His mum tried to run, but it caught her and swallowed her whole. The aunt hadn't even noticed, she was so busy with the fruit. The Strange Creature crept up behind her, and swallowed her, too. Then it turned at the boy who stood in fright the whole time. It sniffed the boy with a hungry grin, so that every hair on his body rose up. And, oh, it had awful breath. So awful, that every time it roared, trees caught on fire. The boy turned and ran so fast he would've left a leopard in the dust, huh. But even though he was running faster than he'd ever run in his life, and even though the Strange Creature was really, really big, it was catching up. It was still hungry and the boy was going to be its dessert.' Archer turns the pike thoughtfully. The flames leap and waver, casting eerie shadows on his face. 'And that… is how it ends?' Maddy asks tentatively when he doesn't resume the tale. For a moment, he looks like he doesn't know what she's talking about. Like someone rising from a heavy dream, he blinks at her with confusion. Then he shakes his head. 'No. No, Maddy, even in Rhodesia stories for kids had happy endings, ja ?' He laughs dryly. 'Those only went to hell along with the country, huh.' 'And so,' he goes on, lifting the pike off the fire and dividing the meat between them, 'with the creature at his heels, and the whole forest behind him on fire, the boy, having nowhere to go, climbed the top of a high rock. There he remembered his drum. He always carried his drum, to signal for help if he found himself in danger. So he started beating a rhythm, something along the lines of 'Help! There's a Strange Creature trying to eat me up!' That's a loose translation of drum language, but you get my drift. As the boy continued beating the drum, the strangest thing happened – the creature started dancing. It danced and danced, its belly bouncing up and down, and the faster the beat, the faster the creature bounced. If you were ever in a situation where you've just swallowed three people and then went dancing, you'd know the next thing that happens, ja ? The Strange Creature got sick and threw up his dad and then his mum. They were both just fine but very slimy. The boy wanted to play more slowly so the creature wouldn't burp anymore, but his dad told him that he was a good boy and good boys don't let Strange Creatures eat their aunts. So he kept up the beat of the drum until out came the aunt. 'The creature kept dancing until the sun went down and then he danced on back to his cave. Finally the boy climbed down from the rock and another strange thing happened, this time with the aunt. She wasn't yelling anymore – something about seeing the inside of the Strange Creature had mellowed her out and she never yelled at the boy again. 'And,' he smiles bitterly, 'they all lived happily ever after.' Maddy pulls a piece of meat off the bones and chews it slowly, dragging out time. She cannot tell if it's the food or the story that leaves such a bad taste in her mouth. He does not even understand, she thinks, how desperately he wants to be heard. 'I think the moral here is not only to be brave, but to remain virtuous, and things have a way of turning out right,' she says at last. Archer tosses a bone into the embers of the fire. 'With that keen sense of observation, no wonder you're a journalist, huh?' 'And you,' she retorts, 'are just an ass.' 'Ja,' he grins. 'Not a virtuous bone in my body.' Then, with a promise to return after a quick look around, he feeds the fire just enough to keep it barely going, and sends her off to sleep. The fire is reduced to a few glowing embers when she opens her eyes. Archer is not there and she has a feeling he never was. With a little sigh of frustration, she sits up and rubs her eyes, drags her palms tiredly over her cheeks. This is the last time I come to Africa , she thinks, like she does every time she's there. She sits with her head down for a few minutes, until the exhaustion recedes and her heart stops racing. Then, up she goes, and off to find him. Which does not take long, for he is only a few yards out into the savannah, sitting with his back against a large boulder. His face is forlorn and distant like the moon that casts everything in paleness. / Maddy appears from the thicket like a mirage: a moonlit fairy, drastically out of place in the wilderness. She floats through the tall grass, skimming the surface with her palms and spreading around her the air of subtle disarticulation. That is what she does , a little voice pipes up, wreak havoc in your head . He holds his breath in apprehension when she lowers herself beside him, waiting for her voice to shatter the strange reverie. But she does not speak, instead looking up to the moon, exposing the long, smooth line of her neck and a hint of pulse at the base of her throat. He struggles against an unbearable urge to feel it throb against his lips, fill his hands with her hair, bruise her skin with his teeth. When he lets his breath out, he does so with such care it wouldn't even stir a butterfly – as though by denying his existence he could deny his desire. They sit like so, close but in separate worlds, she staring at the sky and he stealing sidelong glances at her. Eventually, her eyes close and her chest rises and falls in a peaceful sigh. He looks at her freely then, his gaze a caress that doesn't miss any detail, until her eyelashes flutter and instantly he averts his eyes. He stretches out his legs, then crosses them Indian-style, hanging his wrists from his knees. The tips of his fingers brush warm skin, supple and soft. He savors the feeling just for a moment before shifting his hand a miniscule amount, enough to break contact. But then, unsure like a figment of imagination, her fingers touch his; meeting no resistance, they slip into his palm and chart every line, brush over the inside of his wrist, trace his thumb, slide into the spaces between his fingers and then along them, perform a secret dance that clenches every muscle of his stomach and makes his chest hurt. Suddenly, the silence feels dangerous, choked with unspoken feelings, and he blurts the first thing that comes to his mind. Anything to keep himself from falling into her. 'Last time I sat under a rock', he says, knowing how foolish he sounds even as the words leave his mouth, 'was with Solomon.' Her fingers freeze for a second, then caress his palm again. 'I sure hope you weren't holding hands with him ,' she gives an amused smirk. 'I don't hold hands.' 'Yeah,' she says. 'I know. And you don't have friends. You're a sad excuse of a man, you know that?' It is his turn to laugh and he looks at her with mock hurt. 'You are the only woman I know who tries to seduce men by insulting them.' 'That,' she snorts, 'is because the only women you know are the kind you pay first.' ' Ja, ja ' he says, aware he's balancing on a dangerous edge but unwilling to stop, 'but when I bed them I don't call them whores to their faces.' She smiles at him insolently. 'If there was a bed here, maybe I wouldn't be calling you a whore.' Archer lifts his eyes to hers and is captured by her pupils, deep and huge like the end of the world. They rob him of his comeback and dry his mouth. He should have pulled back only seconds before now because now is too late. Instincts override inhibitions and just like that – quickly, roughly, wildly – he draws her forward and they tumble to the ground. / His body explodes all over hers. She is on top of him, he on top of her; his hand is in her hair, his palm cradling her cheek; his chest heaves against her breasts, the buttons of his shirt press into her stomach; his hips thrust to hers, his knee falls between her thighs; and his fingers – everywhere, frantic like desert nomads approaching an oasis. 'The whole savannah is our bed, huh,' he growls, his breath hot on her cheek. He presses to her with force enough to crush bones; squeezes the air from her lungs and makes her arch her back – half in protest, half in want. She throws her head back, gasping for air, inviting his kiss. His thumb brushes along her jaw, down her neck, his lips hover millimeters from hers, his breath comes quick and shallow, forcing his chest tighter against hers every time he inhales as though his ultimate goal is to mold them into one. She winces at the buckle of his belt cutting into her pelvis and sinks her nails into his arm. And abruptly he pulls away. Grabs her by the elbows and drags her to her feet. His face is a mess of emotions, his eyes narrow and dark. 'Get some sleep, huh,' he snarls and walks off, leaving her dazed and confused. She watches him go, run away with whatever monsters hound him. It is the first time she doesn't only not understand him, but doesn't want to understand him. After the urge to cry with frustration passes, she remembers Helen's words and wonders. And when she falls asleep – for the body sometimes overwhelms the mind – she tosses restlessly and dreams she's dancing, dancing, dancing to the beat of invisible drums. 'The Strange Creature' is a real folktale from Zimbabwe, edited only slightly by me to suit my interests 'No one hurts you, nothing could be sad' is a line from Alexi Murdoch's 'Song for You' As for the previous chapter, clearly the lambs belong to Hannibal Lecter's master Thomas Harris[Chapter 9] Sorry for the delay, life has been intense . I promise to get back on this horse, though. Thank you for reading, always. The shroud of sleep wrapped around her senses and the drums still in her ears, Maddy is abruptly pulled to her feet. Before she can tell if she's awake or dreaming, she's running, stumbling and staggering over her own feet and everything underneath them, pulled forward by Archer in the same manner as always: by the wrist, like an insubordinate child. She cannot hear what he says over his shoulder as the drums beat louder and her confusion grows. There is something else she does not understand, a vibration that travels up her feet like a thousand pillars being pounded into the earth. Everything seems to be trembling. The icy claws of a nightmare grip her heart. She tries to articulate her thoughts, tries not to fall down, tries to understand anything besides the growing sense of foreboding. Archer pulls her free from the jungle, and she freezes in the chilling clarity that is wakeful life. Ahead – how many yards? at what speed? – thundering straight at the shelter of trees, straight at them , wide as the eye can see is a stampede of rhinos, the driving force of drums hidden behind them in a cloud of dust. 'Oh…' is all she manages. Despite the overwhelming vision, Maddy's fingers scramble for the camera – an action so fused with her existence it happens without thinking. She lives, she breathes, she photographs. But Archer sprints off, his hand still clamping hers, and the camera slips from her fingers as they race alongside the jungle, desperate to outrun the wild herd. 'A tree!' she shouts at him, 'Climb a tree!' But he shakes his head and runs even faster. Maddy judges the dwindling distance between them and the end of their lives – who would think that rhinos can run so fast? She is tempted, by a terrible, daredevil urge, to kneel before the oncoming herd, just for a second, just for one picture. What a picture it would be. Archer takes an unexpected turn and ducks back into the jungle. She stumbles and falls to her hands and knees but he doesn't let her go and doesn't stop running, and for a few moments, she trails behind him like a dead weight. Wayward branches scratch her face, tangle and rip at her hair, the jungle floor shreds through her pants and digs into her knees, but still, he drags her onward. The vibrations of the earth grow into a dull roar. He pulls her up behind a tree right before gunfire explodes around them. 'In the trees,' he breathes in her ear. The animals charge past the wall of fire, barreling blindly through the jungle as death creeps into their bodies, crashing into trees and trampling everything in their path. The next few seconds are a disarray of senses: rough hide brushing her forearm, the shock to her back as something collides with the tree, the slow trickle of blood down her shin, Archer's chest heaving against hers, disaster ringing in her ears, her heart beating in her throat. And her camera, awkwardly pinched between them – the sore exhibit of incapability. She doesn't notice the drums have stopped beating until gunfire ceases and an unnatural silence, pierced by groans and helpless kicks, descends around them. Archer passes his hand over his face – she cannot tell if he's shaken or simply annoyed by the inconvenience. He raises a finger to his lips and quietly threads between the mutilated bodies. And it is not that she does not see him indicating for her to follow, or that she doesn't want to leave the mess behind, but as her trembling hands bring the camera to eye level, she simply can't. That is not to say she throws herself in harm's way; she does not stand like a frozen fool, a welcoming target for poacher guns. She crouches between mountains of dying flesh, slinking towards the depth of the jungle, but always keeping an angle, releasing the shutter, capturing the act of monsters. They drop down from the trees at the frontline soon enough. Monsters who look no different from ordinary men, who shout and holler and squirt tobacco juice through their teeth, monsters who slap hands and continue their jobs with no regard to their dying victims. It is the sound of saw on bone that finally makes her depart. / Maddy does not speak or look at him as they walk through the jungle in a detour that eats hours of their time. She pauses when they re-enter the savannah and looks in the direction of the shooting, but there are no tell-tale signs of the slaughter that has taken place. The jungle tells no stories. For all those times Archer has wished her silent, he wants the opposite. What must be going on in her head that robs her of righteous and passionate assertions is anybody's guess. He almost says something. Thinks better of it. After all, he never signed up for this. Eventually she interrupts the quiet. 'What happened to the drums?' Archer shrugs. Trying to understand her train of thought gives him a headache. He answers simply. 'Hired locals. They get paid to flush in a certain direction and go home.' After that, she says nothing again. Her silence feels like a punishment and it angers him. And what angers him even more is that he cares one way or another. Then they walk into a rhino. Or rather, just the lumbering gray shape in the distance, too soft around the edges to be a rock. With a quick glance at Maddy, Archer attempts to steer them away. But she has seen and understood, and she strides right over. 'They're damn angry when hurt, huh,' he calls after her, but she ignores him completely. He is forced to chase after. The rhino that emerges from the savannah grass is bloody and riddled with bullets. Dead. Until they draw near and it raises its heavy head. The look it gives them is dim and resigned, but then the animal shakes its head with an angry snort. Its whole body shudders in an attempt to charge them, the front feet dig into the earth and it almost succeeds in rising. But its injuries are too grave and, whining pitifully, it collapses, not moving again. Gritting his jaw, Archer drops the gun into his hands and takes aim. 'Don't shoot.' Archer turns to Maddy. 'You've got any better ideas, huh?' She only shakes her head. After the echo of the shot dies down, she brushes past him and gently lays her hand on the rhino's horn. Archer looks around uneasily – the shot could easily attract unwanted visitors. 'Funny,' she says, 'that so many die for so little.' And then she finally looks at him. Pierces him with her green eyes in such a way her words becomes an accusation. He swallows a terse reply and looks at the far end of the savannah. 'Let's keep moving, ja ?' When they glance behind a good few miles later, the rhino is again just a distant shape, but now it is not alone. Slight dark figures dance around it. Maddy squints. 'What are they…' 'They stick around after each hunt and if they're lucky a couple of the beasts die away from the rest. The horns fetch a decent price on the black market, huh.' 'And how would you know—' she shakes her head. 'Never mind that.' She snaps a photo. 'Can you believe it? An entire breed is disappearing in the hands of its closest neighbors.' 'It's eat or be eaten, ja ? This is their only means of survival.' She opens her mouth in a reply he doesn't want to hear on a subject he doesn't care to pursue. 'And until you've lived like that, you have nothing to say for it, a'right?' 'Oh, and I'm sure,' she sneers, 'that smuggling diamonds leaves you with a lot to say for it.' He doesn't bother to reply. But she goes on. 'How much better are you than the poachers back there? And you dare speak like you're one with the desperate locals. Only means of survival. What a dandy fucking excuse - life's so much easier when you're in over your head in self deception. It's people like you that put them in this position.' 'Listen,' he says, his voice dangerously low, 'I don't need excuses because I don't care what the fuck you think, ja . I liked my job. You liked my job while you were getting a story out of it, ja , Maddy? But there you go with your rationalizations and justifications and whatever-fuck-else. There would be no suppliers if there were no consumers. And yet everyone else is guilty except for them, ja ?' 'Everyone takes their turn being the perpetrator and the victim, sure, but how everyone wants that role! To point out they're the victim of a vicious circle! But do you really think that smuggling is not the link that suffers the least? Most consumers are not even aware of what is happening here on ground level. There was a time that I didn't know. But I learned. And I—' He narrows his eyes and a deep furrow appears between his brows. ' Ja, ja . You. You don't wear diamonds. You don't use rhinoceros' horn powder. You care about the world. Listen to yourself, huh. What you care about the most is caring more than everyone else.' 'No matter what you think about me,' she snaps, 'I would never exploit those weaker than me.' 'You talk about self deception, ja , Maddy?' He takes a step closer and looms over her. 'Your clothes' – and he runs his fingers over the shoulder of her shirt – 'made in Taiwanese sweatshops. Your boots' – he kicks lightly at her foot – 'welded together by eight year old boys in India. Your precious camera,' – he tugs at the lanyard of her camera and she clasps it protectively. – 'Do you know that the parts are made in China? Maybe North Korea, huh. Ja, ja , fancy Japanese engineers put them together, but they are made by the cheap labor of someone who will never afford to use it. You think you're so much better than me? At least I know who I am screwing.' She backs up, her eyes brimming with anger and he gets the nagging feeling she's about to cry. 'You're really fucking something, you know that, Archer?' And without another word, she marches off. He would pursue, but the very idea of apologizing makes him nauseous. Her steps are quick and determined, and, not wanting her to melt into the sea of grass, he trails behind. He sets a leisurely pace, not much concerned with catching up. She'll be coming back to him as soon as darkness falls. For all the stubbornness in her, she would not risk her life to make a point. He hopes. The sun rolls towards the horizon without Maddy so much as glancing over her shoulder. The final flares of anger ebb away while watching her uptight figure and Archer struggles for anything to keep them going. For to give into regret would be to admit he cares. And he doesn't care. He lights a cigarette and breathes in deeply. Scans the savannah with a vacant gaze. / All the time while and quietly seething, Maddy doesn't lose hope Archer will try to make amends. Even if he wasn't the one to start... Maybe she shouldn't have compared him to poachers. Maybe. Maybe he shouldn't have smuggled diamonds. But that was something she knew all along, something that hadn't bother her before, like he so aptly pointed out. What has gotten into her? She shakes her head, tears stinging her eyes. It couldn't be true that she only cared about the story. That now once the story is hers, his character flaws are losing their lure. That would be too much like him . And she is startled by this thought. He's right. She's been deceiving herself. The abrupt way he left her the night before is still vivid in her mind. He couldn't have been more clear. Here she is, acting like a woman wronged, when he had never once given her reason to think he cared one way or the other. Even after he explicitly told her so. The dull echo of a voice pierces through her thoughts and she realizes Archer's calling out. She spins around, at first missing him completely. But then, with a more careful look she discerns the vague shape he's become. He's waving his hands furiously above his head - like he is happy to see her. 'Yeah, right,' she mutters under her breath. Something must be wrong. She scrunches up her eyes and takes a step in his direction. That's when she hears the sound of engines. A coated army wrangler, then another, emerge from the shrubbery. She looks about frantically but it's too late to hide. The cars are rolling directly at her. Running stops being an option when machine guns appear in the windows. The only calming notion is a large logo across the side of their car: Patrouille de frontière Guinée . But the men who climb out are tall, mean, and intimidating. They bark at her in heavily accented French and seize her before she has the time to comprehend. 'I didn't do anything wrong ,' she insists trying to twist away. They throw her in and pull off.[Chapter 10] He wakes slowly, drifting between shades of awareness hazy like a heavy fog. His mind struggles to break free of the alcohol swamp as his body makes its presence known with an unbearable ache of the bladder. The mother of all headaches cradles his head in iron claws, making the recollection of last night's events almost impossible. There was a bar, that much he remembers. And before that? Maddy and border patrol. Then he finally stumbled onto a road and some farmer picked him up. He slept all the way to town. His mind circles back to Maddy. Where is she now? They would have taken her to immigration jail but knowing the tongue she has, she might have talked her way out and could be well on her way to anywhere by now. With a weary groan, he drags himself up and drops his head into his hands. The left side of his face is surprisingly tender. Was there a fight? He really needs to take a leak. 'Last time I seen you on your hands and knees throwing up in an alley must have been what, ten years ago?' A grating voice interrupts his thoughts. Archer lifts his head and stares at the speaker until his eyes focus in the dim light and he sees a filthy old man in an equally filthy corner. 'Twelve,' he mutters. 'Twelve years.' The man repeats in marvel. 'And look at you now, back in the same fucking alley, wasting my hard work.' 'Piss off, huh.' Archer walks to the toilet – except it's not there. A blackened hole gapes from the floor like a fiendish mouth. His stomach turns at the nauseating smell. He comes out scowling. 'How much does a used toilet fetch on the market?' The old man rubs his hands and gives a rotten, toothless smile. Everything around seems to be folding into decay. 'Sit down, boy,' he says, and Archer is swept back to the last time he obeyed those words simply because he didn't have a better idea. The man didn't yet have a lisp, or dirty gray hair, fine like spider webs. / 'Sit down, boy.' He stands on the defensive, his arms crossed. 'What else you got to do? Sit down, I said.' When he sits, it's because he recognizes the truth in those words – there's nothing else he's got to do. The man in front of him is shabby and tired, just like the hole he lives in. Hole, for there could be no other word to describe the cramped, dirty apartment where light gains a physical body – a dusky, grainy yellowish shape that filters in through newspapered windows and hangs in uncertainty, illuminating nothing. 'Who you running from?' The man has an annoying habit of raising his hand to his face and then quickly withdrawing it, as though suddenly conscious of the motion. He touches only the tip of his nose. Archer looks at him suspiciously. 'Why not who's running from me, huh?' 'Ay ay,' the man waves his words away. 'I'm no inquisition, yeah? You don't wanna talk, we don't got to talk.' He pauses expectantly, waiting for Archer to fill in. But he says nothing. 'All right, all right,' the man throws up his palms. Touches his nose and puts his hands on his knees. 'I know who could be interested in yer services.' Archer tilts his head. 'But he needs his men to be serious about work. No room for fuck ups in his plans. Ya follow me, boy?' Suddenly, Archer feels uneasy. He stands up and walks to the door, half expecting an ambush. 'What do you know?' 'More than a fool like you could ever know. Sit down, I said.' Archer looks at the door. Then walks back to the broken couch he had been sitting on. 'What?' 'Doin' what ya do in these uneasy times, yer gonna wind up dead, boy. Now, the SA Army is commissioning a special battalion—' Archer leaps from his seat like stung. 'You're out of your fucking mind if you think I'm going back to army.' He slams the door behind him without a second thought. / He sinks back into the very same couch he sat in twelve years ago. If his head wasn't splitting in two, he'd find it amusing. Same words, same couch, same hopeless situation. 'What did ya do this time?' 'I shot Cotzee.' Three words that sum everything up. Almost. The old man laughs. The sound is sharp and uneven, like a creaky door. Abruptly, he stops. 'I take it no one else found it funny.' Archer thinks back on the moment, running through the jungle with blood squishing in his boot and Coetzee's hounds behind him. The thought of a few million pounds in his bank account giving him the energy to keep going. But everything has its limits. She did, too . 'No.' He says, tasting bile in his mouth. 'There's something yer not saying.' Archer fights a wave of irritability. He can say as little as he wants to. 'Your wife is dead,' he says flatly. And the words feel like they should have never been uttered. In the ultrasonic moment before they reach the recipients ears, he wishes he could suck them back in. But the old man only shrugs. 'Been dead twenty years.' ' Ja, ja . Now she's really dead, huh.' In the silence that follows, he walks to the door, opens it into the bright mid-day sun and like a burned vampire, slams it shut. He finds himself in the same position as every other time here – standing by the door with his arms crossed, chockfull of unease and unable to leave. / ' This punk? I ask you to find me men I could trust and you bring me a kid?' His thick, South African accent creates the illusion of kindness, but the man has the polished features and hard eyes of a ruthless dictator. 'What's your name, punk?' The man who touches his nose opens his mouth to interject but is waved away. He backs up and falls into shadow. Archer crosses his arms over his chest. His heart pounds in his throat and he finds it hard to speak. Could he have done anything stupider than meet with a military officer? But he lifts his head and looks the man squarely in the eyes. 'Archer.' 'Archer!' A harsh laugh. 'Look at 'im! Hasn't grown a beard yet and already he's acting like big stuff.' 'I didn't come here to stand around and take your shit, huh?' Archer touches the handle of the door, but the man kicks his foot up against it. 'Kid's got spunk. I like that.' He rubs his jaw thoughtfully. 'All right, Archer ' – here his voice takes on a twinge of scorn – 'what do your friends call you?' 'I don't have friends.' 'Good, good,' the man smiles thinly. 'That's a start. I hear you're good on the street, kid, and I'd like to help you out here, but don't make me ask you again.' 'Daniel,' Archer mutters. The man hooks his thumbs around the buckle of his belt and leans back slightly. His smiles pleasantly, but his voice leaves no room for consideration. 'Now listen here, Danny. Next time I ask you a question, you damn straight answer it. And you answer it like there's nothing else you'd rather be doing. Got that?' 'Yeah.' 'Yes, sir . As your commanding officer, I am sir or Colonel to you.' Archer swallows a wave of rebellion. 'Yes, sir.' Within a blink of eye, the colonel transforms back into a charmer. 'Well, the kid catches on fast, doesn't he?' The colonel glances at the man who touches his nose, but he hides even deeper into the shadows. 'You're nothing but a dog now, Danny, yeah? You sleep on your toes and you can pick out the easy meat with your eyes closed.' He circles around Archer like a vulture. 'Isn't that right, Danny? You strike without thinking – and that is where your problem lies.' Suddenly he changes his tone. 'What are you doing here?' 'Bootlegging, sir.' Among other things. 'They pay you better for that, do they? Of course they do. You don't get paid shit in the army. That why you ran away, Danny?' 'No, sir.' He hesitates, but then spits it out anyway. 'I got sick of kissing fat dim-witted ass, sir .' He has to will himself not to flinch at the impact of his words. But the colonel bursts out laughing. He hangs on to the buckle of his belt and laughs and laughs. When he stops, it's like he'd never even cracked a smile. 'What did I say, kid? Think. Think .' He tilts his head back and looks Archer once over, much like someone buying livestock. 'You get back down to South Africa and report straight to me, Danny. We'll see what we can do about your deserter's rap. Then we'll work on your style.' / The old man touches his nose and then angrily whips his hand back. He struggles to stand up, but it seems he has to rock himself into motion. It takes him three attempts to succeed. His movements are oddly constricted, like the air around him is something he has to push through every step of the way. His neck hides between his shoulders and his back is hunched. When he struggles to move a stack of papers off a desk, Archer notices his shaking hands. When did he get so old? 'How d'ya know?' His voice is low, almost tender. 'Not many white women live in a jungle waiting for their husbands to return.' 'All these years…' The old man shuffles the papers. Some of them flutter to the floor and lie scattered about his feet. 'I kept meaning t'go back.' He falls into a chair and struggles to control his trembling hands enough to open a drawer. 'Ay, ay, I would imagine it, going back. She would be…' He drifts away into his thoughts, slips into that sacred corner of his mind where his wife meets him joyously after years of exile. Lightly, he brushes the tip of his nose and shakes his head. 'How could I explain t'her I loved her so much I couldn't stand being around her? She made me want t'be better than myself and the harder I tried, the clearer I saw how short I was falling. I could never be enough for her. Constant tension t' live with that – waiting for the moment she'd realize it – realize what a fool in love she was bein' and hang me out to dry.' Archer stands stiffly behind him, thoroughly uncomfortable and with nothing to say. 'That day I left…' the old man continues, 'I had every intention of comin' back. But as the distance between us grew, the tension melted away and suddenly – suddenly – I was free. Light as a bird. I could do anything, you see? Everything. Without the constant fear of her judgment – judgment that never came, but alas! And I failed her – in the biggest way I could've ever imagined – but it was not enough for her t'realize, yeah? All these years, she waited.' He sits quietly, pondering the meaning of his own words. Then he raises his head and gazes at Archer with astonishment. 'She must've loved me. Ha! She must've loved me.' Consolatory words do not exist in Archer's vocabulary and more than anything he wants to leave. She would know what to say . He shakes his head angrily, as if that could dislodge her from his mind. Eventually, he lays a hand on the old man's shoulder and together they stare at the yellowing photo in his trembling fingers: a blissful young couple standing on the edge of the jungle. 'The worst kind of fool is the kind that thinks he knows everything, boy.' / 'There may be children there. If armed, they're to be liquidated. The primary object remains locating and liberating the POWs.' Those are their instructions and they are nothing new. Lately, children are always there and they're always armed. At first, shooting them was a force of will – to fire upon a child, even one with a gun, is a nerve-wracking act. But in matter of life or death, there is only one choice, a choice that soon becomes a habit and every child becomes a foe. Archer and Cordell leave their men to wait and move ahead, two experienced scouts that make no sound and leave no trail. As they close in on the village, they separate in opposite directions, each carefully scanning and committing to memory the relief of the land. The village is suspiciously lax in guard, with only one armed man sitting in the outskirts, smoking. Behind his back, a few women are hanging their wash. There's no sign of a hidden army. No clear sight of POWs, but then, one wouldn't expect them to be out and about. 'Something isn't right.' Archer states plainly when they are once more crouching together. Cordell pulls out a GPS and inspects the coordinates. 'It's the right place.' They look at each other, faces grim. 'It's a trap.' Archer presses his lips together in concentration. 'No, bru , there's nothing about it that smells like a trap, huh.' 'That's why it's a fuckin' trap, I'm telling you.' Cordell shifts his feet. 'They'll be expecting us come nightfall. If we move now, surprise is in our favor.' 'Ja, ja ,' Archer waves his words away indifferently. He inspects the coordinates again. 'We should wait. Keep an eye on them for a while.' 'Our orders were—' 'I know what our fucking orders were, huh? But now we're here and the situation is different and we fucking wait and see.' They return to camp at odds. Cordell goes straight for the sat phone. 'We let the colonel decide.' 'The colonel isn't here, huh, bru ?' 'The fuck has gotten into you? We are given orders and sent here to complete them and if you suddenly don't feel like it, let the colonel refresh your memory.' Archer snatches the phone out of Cordell's hand. He punches in the buttons, pierces Cordell with a harsh glare and tosses the phone down without ever dialing. 'Let's go.' Within minutes, the men surge ahead, brushing noiselessly through the jungle until they stand at the edge of the village. Archer looks at Cordell dismally. He merely nods his head. Then Archer gives the signal, and they burst into the village with open fire. The few women drop like flies, but there are no children. There is no resistance. With their guns at ready and their nerves on high, the men start raiding the huts, kicking open doors and pulling out the occupants. Archer walks along the line of kneeling villagers and stops in front of a young man. He squats in front of him and puts the muzzle of the gun under his chin. ' Na weh dem prizna ?' A woman bursts into hysteric sobs. The man shakes his head wildly, the whites of his eyes flashing. ' No prizna !' 'Ehnti? Don't fuckin' lie to me,' Archer snarls, digging the muzzle deep into the man's jaw. Still, the man shakes his head. Tears roll down his cheeks. ' No prizna na ya !' A thud followed by sudden silence makes them turn. A woman lies awkwardly bent, her legs under her body, blood pooling around her neck. Someone stifles a cry. No one else makes a sound. Cordell brushes past Archer, pushing him away. 'You're turning soft, bru ,' he hisses in Archer's ear and points the still bloody knife at the man's eye. ' Na weh dem prizna ?' He speaks to everyone in the line, but even while visibly trembling, they keep shaking their heads. Archer catches movement at the edge of the village and he squints in that direction. Then everything happens simultaneously: the women start screaming, the soldiers lunge for their guns and the men lunge for the soldiers, gunfire explodes in every direction, up and down, into bodies and at the jungle and blood colors the earth red and Archer roars for cease of fire. But in fact, his order comes too late, for there is no one else left to be shot and the guns dwindle to a natural stop. Apprehensively, the soldiers approach the jungle. Sprawled between the trees, armed with sticks and stones, lie the children. Archer takes one brief look and heads back to the village without a word. He begins the systematic, meticulous job of searching every hut and the perimeter of the village for the prisoners, for anything to justify this massacre. Soon everyone else joins and they leave no stone unturned. But they find no prisoners. And by the time they gather around at the center of the village, another thing they can't seem to find is Cordell. Archer lights a cigarette. His eyes run over the hanging wash, then he spreads out a terrain map and inspects it carefully. Perhaps Cordell saw something worth checking out in the area. The only thing that catches his attention is a river. Just a short ways down a well trodden path, he discover a sandy riverbank, beyond which water flows smooth and tranquil like quicksilver in the evening light. Scattered along the shore lie large sifts, some still with gravel in them. That explains the missing children. Cordell is preoccupied with one of the sifts on the far right. Archer drops to one knee and runs the gravel through his fingers. He has to go through several handfuls until he finds what he's looking for. A diamond. He rises and shakes off a shudder of disgust. Finally aware of his presence, Cordell approaches. He takes out a cigarette and offers one to Archer. After they both light up, Cordell gives a grisly smile. 'We're rich, bru .' Archer rolls the diamond between his thumb and forefinger. His whole body is a tingling wreck of nerves, but when he discreetly inspects his hands, they're steady as ever. He hardens his heart and puts the diamond in his pocket. Cordell grinds the butt of the cigarette into the ground and digs into the remaining sifts. When Archer remains standing, he waves his hand in invitation. 'Come on! Won't make them any deader if we get something out of it.' Archer watches the embers of his cigarette creeping up to his skin. Then he shifts his eyes to Cordell running gravel through his fingers. And all he feels is calm. A terrible, chilling kind of calm. 'You fucking dirtbag. You knew.' 'Look here, Danny – ' Cordell stops at the look on his face and some detached part of Archer marvels at being able to strike fear into such a man by simply looking at him. But the rest of him seethes – at nothing other than his own gullibility. / Again Archer walks to the door. Turns around and walks back. Catches sight of a moving figure and drops down, presses his back flat against piles of boxes. Immediately, his eyes search the assorted junk for a weapon. The old man peers at him curiously. It takes him a few seconds to realize he and the old man are the only two people present and he'd taken offence with his own reflection. Agitated. That's how he feels. Like he's losing control. He lights a cigarette and takes a few deep breaths before looking in the mirror. The man in front of him seems foreign – thinner, his face lined with exhaustion. His cheeks are sunken in and his eye purple – so there has been a fight . He leans in closer to inspect it. The reflection moves too, but maybe it is his changed face, or maybe it is the fly tracks on the dirty mirror, but suddenly that man becomes a different entity. That man, who looks gaunt and disheveled. That man, who got drunk and had a bar fight, that man, who got screwed, shot, side-tracked. That man, who has no idea what the hell he's supposed to be doing. He stares into the dirty reflection until the misery in that face becomes comical, and then he laughs at the man in the mirror and the man laughs with him. When he finally looks away, his head hurts even more than earlier. He focuses on the old man brushing his nose with a trembling finger. 'What the hell is wrong with you?' The old man shrugs without engaging him. Archer paces around the room a few more times, but with his chance at distraction gone, he is forced into full awareness, and it is an awareness that presents itself with nausea not unlike the one from his hangover. She is gone . She is gone . And he should be relieved; he should be pleased, he should be glad to be rid of her. But unless this relief presents itself with like an overwhelming sickness of the stomach, he does not feel it. All this time, he has wanted her gone. She was a threat to everything , his job, his poise, his sanity and in the end, she took them all. His mouth is dry and he desperately wants a good swig of palm wine. He tries to untangle his thoughts and group them together because everything all at once is too much to fathom. But again he fails and it's yet another irritation. He has never had trouble dealing with complicated situations. And then she came along and left a muddle in his mind. At last he gives up. 'I don't know what to do.' He is surprised at how raw his voice sounds and he drags his hands over his face, as if that could help contain his emotions. 'Fix yer life boy, that's what you got to do.' Archer blows his breath out in a sound of annoyance. ' Ja , that's very helpful.' 'It will be when you finally listen .' / When he opens his eyes, he can't seem to recognize his surroundings. A terrible hangover is splitting his head in two. He squeezes his eyes shut, but when he opens them again, everything is still unfamiliar. Instinctively he reaches for his knife, but it's not there. He scrambles up, kicking over a box and spilling its contents. A maimed doll's head rolls away, bounces against another box, a foot, the leg of a chair— A foot. He raises his eyes to the face it belongs to just as his fingers brush against the cold metal of his knife. In a different pocket. He looks at the man staring at him and slowly pieces together the night before. The botched job, which has started becoming the rule rather than the exception, the bar where he came to drown his frustrations. The man he did it with. Maybe he had said something he shouldn't have. Maybe this man was hired by the people who had hired him. He tightens his grip on the knife. 'You got to fix yer life boy,' the man says and Archer looks around himself derisively. 'Look who's talking, huh.' But the man lets his words slide. 'If you got to get out of here, I know some people who –' 'I don't need any favors, ja?' Archer blows his hair out of his eyes. It's been a while since he's gotten around to cutting it. But still, the man keeps talking. 'The word on the street is you do dirty things, boy. And you don't always do them right.' Archer presses his thumb against the blade of his knife, its sharpness soothes him. 'Word is, some people are not very happy with you.' 'Shit doesn't always go as planned,' Archer sneers, judging the distance between them. If the man has a gun, his knife won't serve its purpose. But if he wanted Archer dead, he had plenty other chances for it. 'Listen to what I'm saying, boy. Yer in a mess and I can help ya out.' The man touches his nose and puts his hand in his pocket. 'Ja, ja , unless you got a job for me, I don't need your fuckin' help.' When he walks past the man, every muscle in his body is taut and ready. But nothing happens. He sheathes his knife only after closing the door behind him. / 'It's not always me, huh? We got disbanded,' Archer answers the usual question before kicking some junk off a couch and falling into it. The man scratches the tip of his nose. He guzzles palm wine straight from the bottle and hands it to Archer. For a while, neither man says anything. Archer knows last night's marks on his face are being scrutinized and he feels compelled to turn away. 'You didn't take it well.' 'None of us did.' He puts his hand in his pocket and rolls a diamond between his thumb and forefinger. The same one that cost a village. 'There's still time, boy.' Archer looks at him questioningly. 'To change yer life around.' 'Ja. That's what I'm thinking.' He pulls the diamond out into the open, but in the gloom it looks just like any stone. The man extends his hand and Archer drops it in his palm. 'You will be running them here?' 'Here and there, ja .' The man returns the diamond with utmost care, like it was something very delicate. Or exceedingly awful. 'The world has a way of collecting its dues, boy.' Archer furrows his brows. 'It did that in advance, huh. Now I'm collecting mine.' / Unconsciously, Archer puts his hand in his pocket – but nothing is there. It's like he's moving backwards and the only thing left is to go back out for hire. To fall off the grid for a few years and see where he winds up. The old man clears his throat. 'Ay ay. You got some terrible idea in yer head now, boy, I can tell.' 'Ja, ja, unless you got better ones. I need a job in these parts. If you've got ties to the poachers—' ' Look at me !' The old man spreads his fingers and laughs dryly. 'Do I look like someone who could hold on to ties even if he had 'em?' But Archer doesn't look at him. 'Look at me, boy.' He waits for Archers eyes to land on him before continuing. 'You like this sight, yeah? That's you in a coupla years. When I met ya – twelve years ago, yeah? – I thought, this boy's gonna go far, but what d'you do, Danny, huh? You fuck things up.' Archer opens his mouth in a hostile retort, but the old man holds his hand up. 'You don't like the truth, yeah? No one does. I didn't. You fuck things up, boy. Maybe ya don't mean to, maybe ya don't get it, but no one else does it for ya. You fuck them up. Every time ya got a chance to fix things better, ya find a way to back yourself into a corner – and then ya think the world's not fair to you, yeah, boy? You ain't fair to yourself. And by the time ya realize the only thing keeping life shit for ya was you, you'll be just another old man, all alone and dying of cancer. Ya got to do things right , boy. While you still got time.' Spent, the old man slowly leans back in his chair. Archer finds his stiff movements oddly inadequate to the passion in his words and the anger he feels is dashed with pity. Quietly, he walks to the door. He shields his eyes with his arm and leaves. Na weh dem prizna ? – Where are the prisoners? Ehnti ? – Is that so? No prizna na ya – No prisoners here. A large part of this chapter (for ex. Coetzee's and Archer's exchange) is based on Pink Floyd's song 'Dogs', sometimes verbatim. 'A Saucerful of Secrets' is the title of a Pink Floyd's album and song.[Chapter 11] Apologies, apologies. I'm not dead yet, and neither is this story. Hope you're all still here and hope you enjoy. The train of thought that leads Archer to the local police station isn't for just anyone to follow. The sequence of connections he makes is based on a thoroughly flawed logic, but somehow he arrives at a human conclusion – help the one who's helped him. And so, he kicks the dirt a few times – almost indecisively; how uncharacteristic – before taking those few steps into a weary building with a lopsided ' Police ' sign above the entrance. Only to find out if she's there. Only to know she's unhurt. Maybe to bail her out, but never, no, not at all to see her. It was a foolish run, stupid decisions from the very moment he approached her – the world, it isn't it always falling apart? She was fascinating, in her own, annoying way. She was useful. Then… Then she started getting under his skin. Whether that was a good thing is up for deliberation, but now he must do what is in their best interest. Allow them to part ways. With this in mind, he slaps a few notes on the front desk. But the sentry merely shakes his head. Archer stifles a curse and leans over the counter. 'Maddy Bowen,' he drags out each syllable, forming them carefully with his lips. And still, no luck. With growing frustration, he jerks the registry book to face him and thumbs the list of names. No, no Bowen yesterday, no Bowen today. Not a few days back, even. Unless… Unless she gave a fictional name – and why would she not? After all, she had a knack for making his life harder. So he describes her, rolling his tongue awkwardly, remembering long unused French adjectives – femme insoumise, exaspérante, intense – all accurate but unsuitable. He sighs in annoyance and employs his hands: this tall, that thin. Hair down to here. White. But no. She has not gone out. She was not brought in. And then he loses his cool, grabs the sentry by his shirtfront and snarls at him. Not a good idea. Or maybe so. It is hard to tell the effect he wanted from his stony face, but the one he gets is of a quick arrest and even quicker deposit in the holding cell. Expertly, efficiently, he surveys his surroundings and identifies his cell mates. No women and no smugglers, only miserable faces and unfortunate souls, all of seemingly little use. But there is nothing Archer wouldn't manage to squeeze some use from. Not everyone makes their way to the holding cell, he finds out. Some shifts, some patrols… People disappear around them. Related to le braconnieres ? His informers clam up. Yes. Archer waits patiently to be bailed out. He settles in the corner with his arms over his knees and closes his eyes. A little extra sleep never hurt. / Once back on the street, he walks the town, picks up his gun from where he hid it earlier and finds a room to rent out for a few nights. Small, dirty, smothering hot and right above a seedy bar, it is perfect. The sun shining through the patchy roof and stained walls with peeling paint are reminders of the rainy season, but today is a good day. Archer slips the gun under the bed and goes out into the courtyard to shower. Solar powered heater, how eco-friendly, he smirks to himself at the cask of water hanging above the showerhead. Then it crosses his mind that it's something Maddy might say and his smirk vanishes. There is no peace of mind from that woman. The water is cool and he lifts his face up to wash away thoughts of her. As it streams over his eyelids, into his open mouth, rushes past his ears enveloping him in soft white noise, his headache recedes slightly. He shakes his whole body to dry himself and steals back upstairs. Time to produce a diamond, one of the few still lingering from his glory days. He palpates his scalp lightly, feeling for a foreign object behind his ear until his fingers hit a small bump and then, with a flick of his knife, brings the diamond out. There's hardly any blood. / When evening comes, Archer goes back to the police station. The shift has changed and he's nonchalant and smooth, spreading the cash around until he has the list of boarder patrolmen's names and shifts for that month. From here it is only a matter of finding out where they live. Four names are of interest and he arranges them in alphabetical order. He considers returning for his gun, but decides against it. A knife will do. He's seen Maddy pass herself off as a journalist enough times to imitate and a gun would only cast doubts. Not to even mention that he's not eager to start up a new war with the prior one still on his heels. He smiles rather pleasantly – bruised eye and all – when Monsieur Ehate opens the door. ' Excusez-moi, peut-être vous pouvez aider ,' he says smoothly, hating every ass-kissing word of it, ' Je suis avec le magazine Vital Affairs.' He spreads his hands earnestly and goes on to explain la situation , his colleague who vanished a few days ago while crossing into Guinea, where could he enquire about her? Would Michel be willing to help him for a monetary reward? The mention of money perks the man up and he seems eager to start looking, but there is nothing about him that says he might be clever enough to lie. Archer twirls his knife behind his back and grips the blade tightly. The tap to the base of the skull with which he renders the patrolman unconscious is almost gentle. He leaves Michel tied to the bed as a precautionary measure. It is getting dark outside when he finds himself on the doorstep of Monsieur Munoz. The patrolman is rather unhappy about the disruption of his dinner and returns to the kitchen, Archer right behind him. The litany is the same, and so is the response that follows. Archer dumps Braulio by the bed and glances around for something to tie him up with. And then – and he shudders to think how close he was to missing it – he sees the camera. Maddy's camera. Tossed carelessly on an armchair behind a coffee table, the strap hanging over the edge, it looks like any other camera of the same brand – and upon closer inspection there is nothing particularly discerning about it, no sticker, no initials etched into a corner, and even the film is missing, but he knows. He picks it up and weighs it in his hands and remembers the way it pressed against his ribcage only days before and he knows, he knows this is it. He sits down in the chair and puts the camera on the table. With one eye on the unconscious body, he uses the tip of his blade to pick dirt from underneath his fingernails, ignoring the disgusting feeling of dread that passes through his body every time he looks at the camera. He waits as Braulio twitches, opens his eyes. Blinks, focuses on the intruders and then scrambles – for what, will never be known; like an angry feline, Archer snags him by the back of his neck and drags him across the room. His fingers dig into the man's neck mercilessly, making him wail in agony. 'Shut. Up.' Archer snarls and throws him into a chair, almost upsetting it. 'Don't move.' There goes his knife again. The patrolman freezes in terror. 'The woman,' he spits out, 'where is she?' But Braulio shakes his head. ' Je ne sais, je ne sais , what woman? I never saw no woman.' 'Don't' and the back of his hand impacts with the side of Braulio 's head, 'lie to me, huh?' Braulio swears and grovels - the camera? he bought it last night at the market, honest – but nothing convinces a man to be honest like a demonstration of knife-wielding skills. And Archer had learned a lot during his time as a mercenary. ' Aie pitié ! It was not me, s'il vous plait , stop. There was, there was a woman, oui, oui , just the other day, she saw…what is not for the eyes of civilians, oh, especially not journalistes .' The man clutches his bleeding hand and blubbers on, while Archer stares at him coldly. 'We did what we had to, you must understand, I did not want to' he shrinks behind the cover of his raised arms, 'but it is not I who gives the orders, I only follow, s'il vous plait , do not hurt me,' and he cowers pitifully. Archer inspects his knife while getting a grip on himself. He has willed the desperation from his voice when he asks, quiet and cold as ice, 'what did you do to her?' But the man's resources are limited. ' Je ne sais , none of us do, we always hand them over to someone – we don't even know his name! –and that is all. S'il vous plait , we don't do anything wrong.' 'Oui, oui, they disappear and no more trouble for you, huh?' Braulio says nothing. In a sudden flash of rage, Archer kicks the chair over and he falls to the floor. 'I asked you a question, huh?' He grabs the patrolman in a chokehold and drags him up until his feet kick at the air futilely. ' What does he do to them?' ' Je ne sais, je ne sais! Our job is just to guard the territory…' the man gasps for air. Archer releases him abruptly and he crumples to the floor. 'How do you reach him?' When he has his answer, he takes care not to leave a witness. And the camera, he takes it with him. / With the vague feeling that he's getting in over his head, he dials the unfamiliar number. 'Oui,' a voice rasps on the other end. It is hard to sound brute and inelegant when speaking French, but this man easily manages. 'I've got someone to take care of,' Archer mimics his harsh tone. 'Don't make me wait.' And he slams the phone down. Then he pays a visit to Michel, who's bucking like an angry snake, but still firmly fastened to the bed. He fixes Archer with a wide stare when he slams the door shut. Rightful indignation twists his face and he lets loose with a stream of expletives so imaginative even Shakespeare would be surprised. Archer furrows his brows and that, with the added visual of his bloody knife, is enough to shut Michel up. 'Just so there's no temptation, huh?' Archer pats him on the shoulder after stuffing a gag in his mouth. Then he ties the man's hands behind his back and drags him out into the street. With a glance in either direction, he approaches a beat up Wrangler, knocks out a side window and throws the patrolman in the back. It takes him but a few moments to hotwire the car and head out of town. The captive exchange happens much like Braulio had described. A nondescript jeep pulls up at the location and a heavy man with a flashlight climbs out. The flashlight dances briefly over Michel's face who mmmphs and rolls his eyes emphatically. 'He's become a liability,' Archer gives him a solid kick in the ribs before any questions arise. The man only nods and opens the back of his vehicle. Archer doesn't miss the bars separating the back from the driver's seat or the AK-47 riding shot-gun. He throws Michel in headfirst. After the jeep pulls away, Archer waits a few minutes, then turns off his headlights and follows suit. The nameless man heads back to town, drives through a muddy road along the slums, turns into a wide street, and appears to drive straight into a building. Archer gets out of his car at a distance. He approaches on foot, studying the building as it expands in front of him. It is at least twenty five feet tall and runs along the whole block, each corner marked by a turret, beneath one of which is a gated entrance in. What gives the building away almost immediately is the solid metal gate and bars running along windows, all of which are set more than fifteen feet from the ground. The façade is faded yellow, decorated only by dirty streaks from the corroding metal. The turrets are brightly lit, with lights sweeping the perimeter periodically. Archer keeps well back. There is no one around for him to direct his rage at and he realizes he's squeezing the blade of his knife hard enough for it to dig into his own flesh. 'Fuck,' he hisses under his breath. Kicks the wall and looks at the prison again. 'Fuck.' How clever, to lock everyone who is inconvenient in a prison with no rights and no lawyers, no phone calls and no letters. There is no body to turn up unexpectedly – and bodies have a tendency to turn up, especially when the output is high – and create problems, no trail of evidence, no one to complain as the only complainer is safely cut off from the world. Perfect vanishing act. TIA. Archer drives his Wrangler to the place he stole it from and walks back to his room. The image of Maddy in that filthy, wretched, cramped and cruel hole, where rats run rampant and food comes seasoned with maggots , where one is lucky to conquer a bug infested clump of hay to sleep on and where bodies lay unburied for days, until their stomachs bloat and faces turn blue, makes him sick. So sick, in fact, he is tempted to call up a journalist – any journalist in the area; even if they don't watch each other's backs, aren't they all out for a story? – and wash his hands of this matter. They'll write their stories, work their magic, create an international scandal and have her sprung. It will do. And he'll have done his part. He closes his eyes, but sleep does not come. Delusional, that's what he is. No one will just up and spring her – not for years, in the best case. The bureaucratic walls that will come up, the fake charges that will pile on – no government is willing to appear weak and corrupted under public scrutiny. If that woman is in prison, she damn well deserves to be. Time will pass, people will forget, bigger tragedies will happen. No one will get her out. With an angry sigh, he gets up and walks outside. The sky is paling but the streets are still cast in darkness and he easily melts into the night. So much for not starting a war. femme insoumise, exaspérante, intense – insubordinate, infuriating, intense woman le braconnieres – poachers Excusez-moi, peut-être vous pouvez aider . Je suis avec le magazine Vital Affairs - Excuse me, maybe you can help. I am with Vital Affairs magazine. Je ne sais - I don't know Aie pitié – have mercy S'il vous plait- please Oui - yes He was handsome and a very good criminal – 'Candy Went Missing (White Rabbit's Funeral)', Candy (2006). ","Summary":" Mind's Eye Closing his eyes, he's aware there'll be no opening them again. His mind dims slowly, an"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Second Is The Best","Author":"bethyreddingrocks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8485899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EMILY A loud ringing shrieked in my left ear. My tired eyes fluttered open. Glancing around my dark room, it couldn't surely be time already, I thought coherently. I still needed fifteen more minutes. Without giving the clock a second glance, I slapped the snooze button, and buried myself under the bed covers. My extra puffy white comforter encased me like a cocoon. Inside, it was warm and comfortable and dark. The thickness of the material blocked out any light. All was silent except for my steady breathing. Gradually, I felt my eyes begin to close to the rhythm of my heart. At the foot of my bed, I felt the mattress sag from sudden exertion of extra weight. Even under my many layers of blankets, I felt a tentative touch shake me gently, followed by the soft voice of my mother, sweet as honey, \"Come on, dear. Time to wake up.\" My only reply was a muffled groan. I felt her slowly tug the blanket off of my feet, as she always did to wake me up. \"You don't want to be late for your first day of school, do you?\" Her voice rose an octave with excitement. \"I can hardly believe it! My baby is a senior!\" I was grateful for the concealment of the blankets so my mother couldn't see me roll my eyes. Don't get me wrong - I love my mom. She is probably the person I'm closest to in the world. No matter how pathetic this makes me sound, my mom is my best friend. We share a really close bond. My father left her when I was a baby, ultimately encouraging her to step up to the bat as a single mother. As for my father, he's ancient history; the drawer containing his love was shut long ago. It rattles time to time, but rarely actually opens, never more than a crack. Even then, it is shut as quickly as it was opened. The only thing I inherited from him is my blue eyes and musical talent. But I still feel no connection to him. My bubbly, silly, loving, passionate mother is all I need. Catching me off guard, my mom used the opportunity to her advantage by yanking the blanket off of me. Bright sunlight streaming in through my now open bedroom window left me feeling light-headed and dizzy. Adverting my eyes from the intensely blinding light, I wiggled onto my side and nuzzled my face into the pillow. Gooseflesh prickled up and down my exposed skin. I'm well aware I'm only wearing a pair of sleeping boxers and a tank top, but it's only my mom who sees me in this state of shape - and, honestly I don't care all that much. Nudity doesn't seem to have the same effect on me as it does on other people. That doesn't mean I'd walk out on the streets like that. I think it would get a little breezy. I knotted my fingers in the cotton bed sheets stubbornly. \"Really, Em, please get up.\" My mom sighed, resorting to using my special nickname. I was surprised. She usually doesn't use that tactic until the ten minute mark. She must be really desperate today. Still unresponsive, I lay face down; my face pressed against the cool cotton sheets. I've been dreading this day for weeks now; it had come to fast. What had happened to the summer? The last week? \"Emily,\" my mother warned, the tone of her voice a little sharp. The thing about my mom is she never yells or gets really angry, and she rarely ever raises her voice above her ecstatic chatter. That was why I was surprised by the way she had said my name. For once there was the authority of a mother in her voice. \"Fine,\" I mumbled groggily, pushing myself onto my feet. I flinched at the feel of the cold wooden floor boards beneath my bare feet. I sighed blatantly, longing for my old shag carpet. My special green fuzzy one. My mother promised I would get it when the rest of our stuff is shipped here. At the end of the school year, my mom got a job offer as a third grade teacher at Spokes Elementary. It would give her a huge promotion and pay more than her lousy job at the intermediate school where she taught as a second grade teacher. I was happy for her - until I learned it was in California; thousands of miles away from my beloved New York City, with its winding subways and hot dog carts on every corner. To further exacerbate the situation, it was in a little town I'd never heard of. Treegap. My new home was Treegap, California. My mom said she didn't have to take the job; she could wait for another one, perhaps closer to home. Of course - I wanted to scream yes, but even I knew her optimism was being wasted. As she said the words, her face completely straight, I could see the desire, the longing burning in her eyes. When would she get another opportunity like this knocking on her door? And she would give it up - all for her selfish teenage daughter. I didn't want to jeopardize her future when, after all, college is only a year away. Reluctantly, I told her she should go for it. When I saw the happiness on her face, it was almost worth it - that was until she told me she'd found me a new school that would take me despite it being my senior year of high school. I had not anticipated a new school. At that moment, I felt my whole plan crashing down on me like a ton of cinder blocks. I'd have to go to a new school? With new people, new teachers? Ones I didn't know. To make matters worse, it would be my senior year. Everyone would already know each other and have made friends, meanwhile, I would be alone, the freak from New York. I couldn't even imagine the nicknames they would come up with to torment me with. On the bright side, it wasn't like I was leaving any friends behind. I'd never been very popular at my old school, either. So it's most likely I brought my unpopular streak with me. It's not that I'm mean or violent or that I smoke pot - that I definitely don't do... but I've never really fit in with the crowd. I'm not certain what it is, but it makes me different from them. Unfortunately, it doesn't gain me many companions in the process. My mother says I'm just unique and a little eccentric. My former fellow peers regarded me as weirdo or freak, the girl who collects the old crap, or antiques, the proper term. I have to agree with the second one, though. Even I think I'm a bit on the abnormal side. But unlike many people, I accept it. Okay, so I wouldn't yell about it off of the Statue of Liberty but still... at least I know who I am. Now it's time to prove it again, I think, trying my hardest to sound optimistic and confident. But even I sound pitiful to myself. \"Emily?\" My mother inquired softly. A little startled, I snapped back to attention to find her slender figure standing in the doorway. It still surprises me exactly how identical I am to her. She looks a lot like an older me, aged about twenty years. Her silvery blonde hair is tucked up into a soft bun at the nape of her neck. Today she is wearing her knee-length floral skirt she knit herself out of a sewing kit, and a deep cherry red sweater over a crisp white blouse. I'd nearly forgotten, it is her first day of school too. Her warm hazel eyes gazed at me with warm, affectionate motherly concern. She eyed me expectantly, waiting for me to say something. I then realized she had just asked me a question. Shaking my head, I asked apologetically, \"Sorry Mom. What did you say?\" \"Oh,\" she repeated, \"I just want to know if you would like blueberry pancakes for breakfast.\" I put on my most winning smile, hoping I at least look somewhat convincing. \"Sure, sounds great.\" My mother nodded deftly, examining me like I have the flu. She opened and closed her mouth several times like she wanted to say some encouraging first day of school advice, but after standing there for a couple moments, she simply walked away to make me my breakfast. Once she was gone, I slammed my bedroom door shut behind me and flipped on the overhead light. My bedroom still looks like a bland hotel room. The walls are painted a generic shade of beige. The temporary dark curtains have been pushed aside to let in some light. Not a single personal item except for a picture of my mother and me in front of the Statue of Liberty decorates the room. My only furniture are the new bed my mother bought for me, my nightstand, and a white desk shoved into the back corner. Unopened boxes are piled against the back wall, stacked on top of each other. Despite living here since the beginning of summer, I haven't really unpacked anything. I have practically been living out of boxes. I know, really lazy of me. But the truth is I haven't figured out how to decorate my room. My mother promised me I could make my room anyway I wanted; she would cover all the expenses - out of guilt, of course. On the bright side, I don't have to share a small, one-sink bathroom with my mother anymore. In fact, that's what has been getting me through this whole moving segue - my own bathroom . Laying neatly folded on top of one of the boxes is my first day of school outfit selection. I'd selected it carefully the previous day; tearing through my whole wardrobe to find something decent. Oddly, I actually worried about making my first impression on these people. It took me a solid three hours to settle on a tunic-style baby blue dress with a butterfly design paired with a simple brown belt and lace-up calf length boots. Even then, I had laid awake long last night, fretting about the first day. It was petty of me, I know. But I couldn't help but worry. Aren't California people all glam with beach bodies and perfect tans? Meanwhile, I'm boring vanilla compared to their chocolate. Sure, I'm pretty, I guess, in a way. I have long silvery blonde hair, ending in waves; a pretty, but unnatural color. Some people have asked me multiple times if my hair is dyed, I always answer a timid no, to which they are always shocked. My eyes, a startling electric blue, are wide under thick eyelashes; the only physical feature that sets me apart from my mother. Like her, my body figure is slight and slender. My skin is on the fair side, but not really classified as pale. Pretty, maybe, but I wouldn't call myself beautiful. The boys back home never gave me a second glance, so I guess that dropped me a hint. Honestly, I've never had a real boyfriend; a few crushes back in Junior High, but nothing serious ever came out of those. Part of the reason may be is because I tend to shy away from thinking of myself as a girlfriend to anyone. It makes me feel awkward around any boys I talk to that I have a crush on. As always, it ends up ruining any microscopic chance I had with them. So that's my tragic love life, if I even have one. I quickly tugged on my dress, fidgeting with the belt until it was in perfect position. Aspiring to prevent my usual morning bedhead from making an appearance in public today, I ran a brush through my hair and patted down any astray locks. After brushing my teeth twice, making sure to get every corner, I finally emerge from my room, groomed and dressed for the day. Over in our sunny kitchen, my mother was just placing my breakfast down on the table. Without a moment of hesitation, I was in my seat, scarfing down fluffy, steaming bites of blueberry pancakes. Only when nearly half of my breakfast is gone, do I stop to breathe. I washed any bits of pancake down with a glass of orange juice, with perspiration rolling down the sides of the cool glass. My mother was smiling widely a grin that stretches from ear to ear. \"So, is it good?\" She queried casually, trying to hold back a laugh, but not very successfully. Embarrassed, I ducked my head and traced patterns on my place mat. Taking that as a yes, she conceeded lightly, \"I'm glad you like it.\" \"Well, I figured it would be better than school...\" I trailed off, looking out the window sulkily. My earlier bitter mood had returned. Across the table I heard my mother sigh. \"Look... I know moving has been hard on you - but I just have this feeling that something great is waiting here for you. I know it.\" I still did not fix my gaze back on her. For once, I felt like I have the right to be the moody, hormonal teenage daughter; my mother was way overdue for the experience. Scowling, I glare outside at the ineptly manicured lawns. Flower beds dotted with blobs of red, yellow, pink - and any color you could imagine sparkled in the morning light. The shrubs plotted throughout the yards were all perfectly clipped and uniform. In the center of pretty much every lawn, there is a porcelain birdbath; some even with built in fountains. Cheerful, smiling gnomes peeked out among the forests of freesias. All of these lawns are different, yet exactly the same. There seemed to be no creative ideas here. Growing up as a city girl, I had no experience with gardens or lawns or grass. And the only dirt I ever handled was the kind found on the streets. It all looked like something I would see on the back of postcard; something that wasn't real to me before, but is now right outside my door. When I still give my mother no answer, or even an indication that I heard her at all, she quickly changes the subject. \"So how is working for Mr. Quinn?\" \"It's fine,\" I answered nonchalantly, not loosening my puckered brow one bit. Truthfully, it's great. I love working down at Rocking Rhythms; though I'm not a big fan of the store's name. It always smells new and fresh in there, and the best music is always playing softly in the background. The usual costumers are respectful and nice enough, and most of them have a pretty good taste in music. I also really like my boss, Mr. Quinn. He's this middle-aged Native American guy who has a spare tire and wears his long raven black hair in a ponytail. He also has a pretty good sense of humor and is a pretty cool guy, I have to admit. So I really don't mind working extra shifts. \"That's good,\" she said softly, returning back to her breakfast. After shooting the street another scornful glance, I turned back to my breakfast, eating it quickly before it got cold. When there was not a single crumb left on my plate, I reluctantly rinsed my plate and loaded it into the dishwasher, shoving it two times until the piece of junk closed all the way. Nerves began to set in as I sucked in air sharply. I couldn't delay anymore. It was time. I grabbed my bag and slung it over my shoulder, loaded with all my books and school supplies. On my way out the door, I gave my mother a kiss on her cheek and whispered in her ear, \"I love you, Mom.\" She grabbed my hand and gave it a gentle, reassuring squeeze. \"I love you too, sweetie. Good luck today.\" I nodded and muttered under my breath, \"I'm going to need it,\" before stepping outside into the cool morning. The sun warmed my back and left bright patches on our lawn; and compared to the other lawns on the street, ours looked ghetto and abused. Briskly walking over to the garage, I pulled out my old, faithful Schwinn, newly adorned with a fresh red paint job. Eagerly I climbed on and instantly began pedaling down the open, empty streets, swaying slightly in delight as leaves crackled under the tires. The bright white sidewalk was nearly blinding to my eyes, so I fixed my gaze forward instead. When I came to the little intersection, my mouth almost hung open at the \"busy\" morning commute. There were four, maybe five cars waiting for a light change. Back in New York, there were dozens and hundreds all at once. It was hard to refrain from rolling my eyes as the crossing guard waved me across. My eyes widened as I took in Foster High School. It looked more like a senator's house then a school. The whole school was made completely out of polished white marble. There were three separate buildings; the largest, clearly marked Building A, was the main one. Building B and Building C flanked it on opposite sides. The grounds, I noticed, were elaborately maintained. Colorful flower beds were placed along on the sides by the school, bringing color to the area. Instantly, the nerves were back, and I felt like I was going to be sick. All around me students talked and laughed with their friends near the entrance, but where did I fit in? I felt overdressed next to their casual dress of t-shirts and jeans. I felt so lost. I decided getting my schedule and checking in would be a good start. So, putting my kickstand back up, I rode to Building C marked \"Office.\" I parked my bike among the bike rack, discovering I was only bike there. I am not all that surprised. Although I am seventeen and legally illegible to have a license or a car, I don't have one. Back home, you really don't need a car to get around. But here they seem to be lacking a good subway system, unfortunately. So I guess you're stuck with learning to drive or riding the bus. Trying to advert attention from myself, I raced inside quickly. Unlike the crowded school yards, it's quiet in here; much more to my liking. The only other people in here are a lady with a bed of dark curly hair behind a oak desk and a smiley girl with tresses of golden hair like a princess's. She is bouncing in her chair eagerly. I make the wise decision to go to the dark-haired woman. She asked few questions before handing me my printed schedule. But before I could leave, the lady said, \"Oh, this is Stephanie. She will be your guide.\" \"Hi,\" squealed the blonde girl, or Stephanie, beaming. \"I'm Stephanie, you must be Emily Lorang.\" \"Um, yeah, that's me alright.\" I said. It's not like you heard me say that two seconds ago . \"Well, it's still great to meet you!\" Stephanie gushed, pulling me by the hand out of the doors back into the bright light of day. \"Come one, let's go. Our first class is English with Santigo. We don't want to be late!\" I tuned out Stephanie's anomalous chatter and watched with interest as a black motorcycle pulled into the teeming parking lot, stopping at the curb. A boy climbed off, swinging his leg off swiftly and easily. He was pretty tall standing at full height, I estimated about six foot, maybe six foot one. He was dressed in simple apparel like everyone else. He was wearing a pair of ripped up jeans and a plain grey t-shirt and biker boots. I was surprised at his careless lack of padding on such a deathtrap like that. At least he was wearing a helmet. I watched as he took it off and carelessly threw it onto the seat. He had a cute face. His hair was a dark brown, choppy and wavy, reaching to his shoulders. I liked this little rebellion. From this distance, I could only see the slight boyish roundness of his face and his dark brows. But it was easy to see something else as he walked up the stairs into the main building. His expression, the way he walked... it was sad, like every step he took hurt. I hadn't even realized Stephanie had stopped dragging me along. I looked back at her standing next to me, her lip curled resentfully. \"Who's that?\" I asked softly, feeling a twinge of sympathy for the unknown boy. Stephanie's blue gaze was hard and metallic. \"Jesse. Jesse Tuck.\" What on earth did I just write? Ah, well, all the same! Please review if you like and want me to continue! Mwhaha! :)[Chapter 2] A surge of anomalous chatter nearly deafened me as I strode into home room, chin tilted high, caution lacing my every step, as if I were sneaking through a field of killer lions instead of high school seniors. As I sat down in the only available seat over by the window in the back of the classroom, I pretended to be oblivious to the stares my fellow peers were giving me. At least some attempted to be discreet about it - sneaking a peek over the top of their textbooks; while others had no such courtesy as they pinpointed me with blazing steel glares, gawking. Slumping down far in the plastic chair, I noticed the same girl staring at me since I had first walked in. She was short with a curvy figure, complete with full hips; her back-end was almost ripping out of her flared designer jeans. Her skin was a rich copper tan, the types you only saw on the front of Rolling Stone magazines. I'll admit, I was a little jealous. She had plump, crimson lips, moist and satiny, brown eyes dancing with a reckless fire, and a wild, unruly mane of cinnamon-colored curls, popping out of her skull like metal cork springs. Behind her, flanking her in almost a uniform position, were two other teen girls. On the right was a familiar face. Stephanie eagerly bounced as she waved at me ecstatically. The other girl stationary on the left didn't fit in with the group at all. In fact, she looked like the type of girl you would find sniffling behind the school dumpster while she vegged out all her teeming feelings about the cruelty and prejudice of high school into a diary. She was short and could easily pass as a 6th grader. She was also covered with freckles from head to toe and had carrot-colored hair resting in a frizzy mop atop her head. Behind neon green wide-framed glasses, her enlarged green eyes analyzed me skeptically as slender fingers tugged at a hem in her plaid skirt. But before I got time to conduct a full analysis on this peculiar duo, they descended on me. \"So, I heard we had a new student,\" purred the dark-haired girl, her voice thick with some type of foreign accent. Unable to formulate any words at their abrupt arrival, I could only sit there stone-faced like a total idiot. But this must of amused the dark-haired girl because she released a laugh, her voice ringing like the delicate tinkling of a bell. \"I'm Maria Caligari.\" She stuck out one of her manicured hands in invitation. Finally able to force out some sort of intelligible English, I quickly stuttered, \"Emily Lorang.\" Maria casted me with a gleaming white smile. \"It's nice to meet you, Emily,\" she replied. The tone of her voice caught me off guard... her in general totally appalled me. Unlike the catty snobs back at my old school, everything about her was genuine. Did I hit my head? I must be hallucinating. But before I could go farther into my internal debate if I was having a concussion, Maria continued, \"This is Fan.\" She motioned to the short carrot-haired girl, who simply continued to stare back at me, her apathetic expression almost wary. \"She doesn't talk much,\" Maria added. Ready to combust, Stephanie charged forward and enveloped me in a vise-tight hug. \"Hi, Emily! You remember me, right?\" Gasping for breath, and certain my lungs were about to explode, I choked out, \"How could I forget you Stephanie?\" Stephanie pulled me back at arm-length and looked me straight in the eyes, her expression one of complete embarrassment. \"I'm so sorry I lost you in all the madness of the hallway! Sometimes I just get so carried away with talking...\" I couldn't resist the grin tugging at the corners of my mouth. Already I knew it was impossible to ever hate a girl like Stephanie. In many strange ways she reminded me of having a pet dog, a faithful companion that you could never stay mad at, even when they destroyed you're best pair of shoes. \"It's okay,\" I reassured her, putting a small, tentative smile on display. \"You two are so sweet,\" Maria purred. \"Hey, why don't we continue this party at lunch? Emily, there's an empty seat at our table.\" It took nearly a full minute before my mind registered the words. An actual living, breathing teenager wanted to eat lunch... with me? \"Uh, sure, why not...\" I replied uneasily. Stephanie bounced me up and down and squealed, \"Great! See you there!\" before bounding away with the other girls to their seats. As class began, for the first time in about two months I felt an unexpected twinge of hope. Maybe Treegap wouldn't be so bad. After all, I hadn't even been in school for a day and I already had two friendships in the making. Well, at least it's a start. Lunch came sooner than expected. In fact, the morning had been so hectic that as soon as I had went through the lunch line, I would have altogether forgotten my lunch plans, if it had not been for Stephanie who swooped in like a hawk and dragged me by the arm, her razor-sharp hot pink nails digging into the flesh of my forearm. Her iron grip did not loosen until she had parked me down in a seat at a round table outside under an open-air pavilion. Although New York had many admirable charms, outdoor dining was not one of them. The air outdoors was mild and dry, with the sun shining brightly in the azure sky above. In the middle of the dining pavilion, a fountain gurgled crystal clear water in a placid rhythm. The air also held a sweet fragrance of mingling freesia and roses, much more inviting to my nose than the irritating stench of pollution. Almost as if she could read my mind, Maria queried, \"So what was New York like?\" \"Way different from this,\" I responded. \"The schools were always overcrowded and most students shared a locker. Also, there aren't many houses as big as these. Most people live in small apartments or flats. My mom and I used to be tenants of this really old building. The manager was this old bald dude named Mr. Jensen who always smelled like cigarettes and stale beer.\" Stephanie's eyes widened as she took a large bite from an apple. \"Was it all like that?\" I shook my head. \"No, most everything is amazing. I mean, was for a city girl like me. Everyday I loved riding the Segway, and visiting the Empire State Building was always cool. I must have been at least one-hundred times. It was always fun, especially when I used to ride the elevator for two hours. Have any of you guys ever been?\" Stephenie looked wistful, almost as if she were experiencing my own desires.\"No. Too much pollution. It gives my mom headaches.\" \"I know who has. Jesse Tuck.\" I nearly jumped in surprise as Fan spoke. I had forgotten she was even there. I turned to face her wide gaze, her lips slowly moving as she finished mumbling the words. A vague image flashed before my lids from this morning. \"Jesse Tuck? The guy with the motorcycle?\" Fan nodded and continued in a hushed whisper, \"He's been all over the world. Even been to the Eiffel Tower eleven times.\" \" Eleven ? Wait, you're talking about the Eiffel Tower? Not just the miniature one in Vegas?\" \"She's right,\" Stephanie agreed, pinching the edges of her styrofoam lunch tray. \"He used to be quite the explorer.\" Dubiously, I examined each of their grim faces, taut with sympathy. \"What do you mean by used to be ?What happened?\" Maria hastily looked around to see if anyone was listening in. \"A girl named Winnie.\" \"Winnie?\" I asked, utterly lost. \"Does she attend this school?\" Fan shook her head. \"No.\" \"Than who is she?\" \"No one knows,\" Stephanie admitted. \"But Jesse has her name tattooed on the inside of his wrist, and he has said no to every girl who's given him a shot.\" Her tone became bitter at the last part. \"I guess I feel kind of bad for him,\" I announced loudly, arranging my lunch debris on top of my tray. \"Obviously, he had some strong feelings for this girl.\" Collecting up my tray, I began to turn around, oblivious to the warning gestures of Stephanie, Maria and Fan. \"He must have never have gotten over this Winnie chick if he dumped his dreams like that...\" And I sent the remnants of my tuna casserole splattering down the front of Jesse Tuck's shirt.[Chapter 3] Hi guys, sorry this chapter is so short and it took me so long to update, but I swear I'll try harder to write faser next time. Secondly, I would like to thank kaci12, Guest, and . Enemy. 172 for reviewing, and kaci12, inmortalrose10, bookworm23821, VampireDiariesLuver, and EaglesFlyingFree for making my story a favorite. I would never be where I am now without you guys, so keep the love coming! The whole lunchroom went deathly silent. Internally, I wished I could just disappear, for something to break this conscious nightmare. Where's a fiery meteor when you need one? No matter how hard I prayed or dreamed up escape plans, the clenching of my gut told me I us just going to have to the navigate through the storm. Breaking away from my reverie, I did the typical thing: repeatedly apologized and mumbled unintelligible phrases, while I attempted to wipe up the stain with some spare napkins. Much to dismay, they appeared to only be making the mess worse the more I scrubbed. To prevent further staining, I hastily reached for some cold water. Naturally, I stumbled over my own two feet. Fortunately, before I could come into contact with the pavement, a strong pair of arms locked around my waist and steadied me. A gasp escaped my lips as I found myself gazing up into the deep blue eyes of Jesse Tuck, two deep pools in which I felt I could never touch the bottom. I weakly muttered, \"I'm sorry.\" Jesse nodded and released his grip. \"It's okay, I didn't like this shirt anyway,\" he reassured me with a smile, strained and fake like a cheap piece of plastic. Unease prickled under my skin as his eyes analyzed me, his expression undecipherable. Jesse was much more handsome up close and personal. Although he had a slender build, he was muscular with his abdominal muscles taut beneath his white t-shirt, and his biceps bulged beneath his sleeves. His dark wavy hair framed his sculpted face, but there was also some entrancing boyishness to his appearance in the roundness of his face, the subtle plumpness of his cheeks. Jesse cleared his throat awkwardly. My cheeks flared crimson as I realized in mortification that I had been staring. It was already bad enough he had heard me gossiping about his love life. \"I'll pay for your shirt,\" I offered instinctively, rummaging through my bag for my wallet. Jesse grimaced as I stepped forward with the crumpled wad of bills in hand. Hesitantly, he took a step back. \"Really, don't worry about it. I'll see you around.\" As he spun on his heel and bolted out of the cafeteria, I mumbled under my breath, \"By the way it's Emily, and it's a pleasure to meet you, too.\" I didn't make eye contact with anyone the rest of the day. Head down, eyes glued to the linoleum floor, this is how I staggered through the last few periods. Luckily, I only had one class with Jesse, whom I kept a great distance from, and avoided any deep-dish casseroles. His feelings also appeared mutual, as he made no attempt to strike up a conversation, for which I was grateful. I wasn't sure how much more my fragile dignity could withstand. Yet as I attempted to pay attention during the history teacher Mr. Edgar's lecture, I found my gaze kept wandering to the other side of the room where a pair of deep blue eyes was fixated ahead. Quickly, I would snap back to attention, and focus on the dull monotone of Mr. Edgar. Nonetheless, every now and then I would sneak a quick glance over my shoulder. When the dismissal bell rang, I am pretty certain I was the first out the heavy metal doors at three o' clock. A gentle breeze had picked up, and the sun's beating rays were soothing and warming among the placid environment of the sunny California afternoon. Inhaling a lungful of the fragrant air, I felt euphoric at the end of the school day. Although, I had to admit, it didn't go half as bad as I expected it to be. Of course, it wasn't all smooth sailing. But, I reassured myself, this was high school I was referring to. Safe until Tuesday, I jumped upon my bike and pedaled out of the parking lot. Though school hours may have been over, I still had my afternoon shift down at Rocking Rhythms. The community of Treegap was tranquil in the light of the afternoon recreation hours. Several elementary-school age children ran around the playground at the park, while dogs of all sizes barked at me behind picket fences as I rode past. I was completely at ease as I parked my bike at the curb of Rocking Rhythms. Overhead, the bell chimed above the door as I pushed it open. As expected, the store was a complete ghost town when I walked in. From behind a shelf of vinyl records, Mr. Quinn emerged, smiling and covered from head to toe in a fine layer of lint. \"Good afternoon, Emily,\" he rumbled in his deep, husky voice. He took my hand in his large, calloused one and shook it rigorously. \"You too, Mr. Quinn,\" I replied politely. Chortling, he insisted, \"Please, call me Michael.\" \"Okay, Mr. Qui – I mean Michael, sir.\" The evening passed quickly with only one visit from a usual customer named Dolores, who always showed up before closing time, with a basketful of homemade goodies and some sugar for Mr. Quinn. Although they weren't official, Mr. Quinn and Dolores had been harboring affectionate feelings toward each other for quite a long time – seven years, according to Dolores. Their anniversary had been in June. With a cinnamon bun made from scratch in one hand, I locked up the darkened store, before shuffling to my bike. But just as I gripped the handle bars, an explosion at my feet, followed by a deafening boom and vibrant neon colors whirling before my eyes, forced me to the ground.[Chapter 4] After the dense curtain of smoke passed, I still remained sprawled on my hands and knees,wincing in pain as I peeled my face off of the jagged pavement. In both of my ears, there was a harsh, sopranno ringing, in rhythm to the rapid beating of my pulse. My vision blurred and distorted, I watched in bewilderment as the fabric of my jacket darkened into a deep crimson. Despite my injured state, I was well aware that what had just occurred was no accident. There was a dull ache on the palms of my hands as I hefted myself back to my feet. With a brief glance, I could tell in the pale glow of the moon they were scraped raw. Thankfully, nothing serious, but it would be a challenge to engage in any activities involving my hands for the next week. All concern for myself pushed aside, I scanned the premises for my attacker. Tonight the dim streetlights cast a subtle hue on the quiet streets of Treegap, but all seemed empty and devoid of any human presence. The thought sent a shiver down my spine. Back in New York, the city was always teeming with life and noise. My mother had remarked that the silence of Treegap was peaceful, but secretly, I found it unnerving and lonely. An eerie, distant hoot of an owl was abruptly interrupted by rambunctious whoops. Instantly, I whipped around to the source of the noise. As soon as I analyzed the people before me, my suspicions were confirmed. Teenagers. There were four high-school-age boys, all clad in leather jackets and worn jeans. Their dark attire nearly camouflaged them as part of the night sky, but my sharp eyes were easily able to detect their distinct moving forms. None displayed any sort of guilt for nearly killing me. In fact, they didn't even acknowledge me at all; instead they were absorbed in laughing and stupidly shoving each other as they swore and joked among themselves. After several moments, a member of the insane boy pack finally noticed me standing there. \"Hey! Hey, bitch!\" he called at the top of his lungs. His friends chortled behind him. The speaker smirked, encouraged by the attention of his followers, and continued. \"How did you like the fireworks? I heard girls like explosive things, and baby, I am dynamite..\" Anger vibrated throughout my body, incinirating my veins like molten lava. At my sides, I clenched my hands in fury. Who did these assholes think they were? Not only did they come close to ending my life, but now they had shifted to verbally assaulting me. With words as rigid as my spine, I replied, \"What the hell do you think you're doing! I'm calling the cops.\" \"Wimpy slut,\" another boy interjected, snickering, \"she's just upset we made her ass harder to want than it already was.\" Although I'd been in many scenarios with disrespectful boys before, where I had handled it in a placid fashion, this time something snapped within me. None of them knew me, and I wasn't about to let them make false judgements. If anything, they should be in court, with a hefty lawsuit charged against them. Rather, I decided take justice into my own hands. Adrenaline sent me surging forward, charging toward the boys like an enraged bull. At about the time I started screeching, they got smart and made a break for it, dashing in all different directions. Instead of pursuing the slowest victim, I targeted the fastest boy, simply for the elevated sense of satisfaction I would have when I caught him. Challenges were always a thrill for me. Since I was young, I basked in competition, similar to the behavior of an addict when they are able to acquire their desired drug. A faint breeze whistled in my ears as the soles of my sneakers slapped against the pavement. Merely five feet ahead, I heard the panicked, uneven breathing of my target. He was quick on his feet, but not fast enough. Mentally I thanked my mom for all those painstaking years she'd made me participate on the track team. In one swift motion, I lunged using the soles of my feet, and then hooked my arms around the boy's neck, knocking us both to the ground. I was not a heavy girl, but because I distributed my body weight evenly, I was able to pin him on his back. Under me, my victim thrashed and cursed as he struggled to escape. \"Let go of me you... you bitch!\" he gasped, wheezing from exertion. On his breath I caught a whiff of the stale stench of alcohol. So he was drunk. Figures. \"Why did you do it?\" I interrogated, trying to place a name to a face concealed by the blackness of the night. \"Why did you attack me?\" \"I'm not telling you nothing,\" he slurred, the words garbled like had a mouthful of marbles. In the loudest tone I could muster, I ordered, \"You will tell me. Just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I can't kick your ass.\" When he remained unresponsive, I pretended to heave a sigh of reluctance before I dug my nails into the delicate flesh of his arms. Within several seconds, he was literally howling in pain. \"Shit! Okay! Okay, we were trying to get that looney old man who runs that music store with the stupid name!\" \"Mr. Quinn?\" I whispered, the rage in my voice replaced with puzzlement. Although I had spoken Mr. Quinn's name under my breath, the boy had apparently been listening as he agreed, \"Yeah, Mr. Quinn. My buddy Ricky has a score to settle with that fat bastard.\" \"Why? What did Mr. Quinn ever do?\" I persisted. \"None of your business,\" he snapped, his voice nervously cracking as it raised an octave. Cocking a brow, I glared at the stranger beneath me. \"Don't forget who has the upper hand here,\" I reminded him firmly, tightening my grip. \"Tell me everything you know about Mr. Quinn.\" The boy seemed to hesitate for a moment before he jerked upward, striving to throw me off of him. Prepared for his escape tactic, I swiftly put them to an end as I punched him in the left eye with crippling force. A brief dagger of pain shot through my knuckles as my hand connected with his eye socket, but I knew it was nowhere near as agonizing as what my victim was experiencing. Despite his screams as he covered his injured eye with his fingers, I couldn't help but feel a bit satisfied. In my head, my dark thoughts jeered he deserved it. And I found myself agreeing. Without warning, the other three teenage boys came tumbling out of the bushes, rushing to the aid of their fallen comrade. Although there were still so many questions I wanted my captive to answer, I accepted I was outnumbered. And according to tonight's earlier incident and the fact that these boys were as far from sober as anyone could be, I knew any fight with them they would win unfairly. Instead of opting for an early death, I released my grip on the boy. However, as he was staggering to his feet, a single car came coasting down the road, illuminating him in the glow of the headlights, and giving me a glimpse of my victim for the first time. My jaw dropped as I immediately identified the deep blue eyes of Jesse Tuck, his left eye nearly swollen shut and turning a nasty shade of purple. His good right eye widened as he realized who I was. For several moments that seemed like an eternity we both stood there, paralyzed, staring at each other with bewildered expressions. Jesse was the first to break out of his reverie. Brushing the dirt off his jacket, he proudly set his shoulders forward in a cocky manner. His mouth curved upward into an unattractive smirk. As he turned to rejoin his friends, he called over his shoulder, \"See you in school, bitch.\" At the conclusion of chapter 4, I just wanted to thank all of my readers, especially those who reviewed my story! I love positive feedback because it encourages me to keep pursuing my dream of being a future author. As always, keep reviewing! :-) Also, if you have any questions regarding any of my stories, you can always pm me.[Chapter 5] I'm sorry this chapter is so short. And to be honest, I'm not all impressed by it. Unfortunately, the next few chapters are going to be fillers, but please stick with me. I promise there will be big events. Thanks to all of my wonderful readers who have followed/favorite my story. Keep the reviews coming! Oh, and I guess I should add a disclaimer: I do not own Tuck Everlasting. I only own Emily and the other OCs. Promptly two weeks after starting Foster High, Jesse Tuck was officially on my shit list. After the night in which he and his friends nearly killed me, there had been undeniable tension between us, placing an irrevocable wedge in whatever relationship had been kindling. At school the next day, I had attempted to approach Jesse to make peace between the two of us. However, he seemed to be dodging my presence, as he skipped all classes we had together. My first thought was that he was avoiding me in order to preserve his ego. After all, I had messed him up pretty bad, but after three classes where he was a no-show, I was too pissed to even consider his dignity. Later, after I had devoured my turkey sandwich at lunch, I interrogated Stephanie, Maria, and Fan about Jesse's next class. With hesitant glances exchanged between the trio, they finally hedged the information. Coach Feldman seemed to react indifferently as I stormed into the newly renovated gymnasium, where students were pulling out weathered volley balls for a couple matches. Trying my hardest to maintain a facade of calm composure, there was still an undercurrent of seething anger in my tone as I inquired, \"Excuse me, Coach Feldman, could you please tell me the whereabouts of one of your students: Jesse Tuck?\" Without blinking, Coach Feldman made no response as he jerked his thumb to the metal bleachers in the corner of the gymnasium, before turning his back on me and retreating to his office. Under my breath, I muttered sarcastically, \"Gee, thanks for your help.\" I quickly ducked as a volley ball nearly took my head off. Apologizes were thrown my way; I quickly raced off the court in hopes of avoiding a young death. Briefly, darkness obscured my vision as I walked into the narrow space under the bleachers. Although the shafts of light streaming in through the bleacher's cracks were insufficient for my vision, I was still clearly able to spot the back of the tall, thin figure of Jesse Tuck. And, more importantly, my nose still burned as I inhaled a whiff of bitter cigarette smoke. \"Didn't anyone ever tell you smoking kills?\" I asked, maintaining my voice at a calm and collected tone. This approach needed to be civilized. \"You didn't seem very concerned about my health the other night,\" Jesse retorted, throwing his cigarette on the floor and grinding it under the heel of his boot, leaving a smudge of ash prominent against the polished gymnasium floors. Heat flooded to my cheeks as I stuttered, the words as intelligible as marbles in my mouth, \"I'm sorry.\" Still refusing to face me, he grumbled resentfully, \"Yeah, well, I don't accept.\" Like a pot of boiling water, I felt my anger inflate within me. \"What's your problem?\" I snapped, trying my hardest not to cry. Jesse Tuck didn't deserve my tears. \"You were the one who nearly killed me, remember?\" Jesse's voice darkened, becoming as icy as the frigid Arctic Ocean. \"What's so bad about death?\" At his words, I felt the hairs on the back of my neck prickle, and it seemed as if all the blood from my face had drained. My throat dry, I nervously croaked, \"What do you mean?\" \"You take 'the end' for granted, all people do. It's human instinct to fear the unknown.\" Jesse chuckled, his voice harsh as it echoed in my ears. \"In reality, what you really should be afraid of is getting stuck. Not being able to move on. Destined for an eternity of repetition.\" Shivers traveled up my spine at his words. Sympathy erased the anger I had been kindling inside. Despite his bad choices, Jesse seemed much wiser and wearier of the world than any seven-teen-year old who hurtles fireworks at civilians would be. Behind his bold, stubborn façade he displayed, by doing irresponsible actions, I could sense a deeper, powerful emotion. In a way, Jesse reminded me of a kaleidoscope, his moods constantly shifting, a jumble of different thoughts and feelings. Unfortunately, I'm terrible at deciphering such emotions, but it didn't take a mind reader to comprehend Jesse was hurting inside. Awkwardly, I grasped his shoulder, my cheeks burning as I whispered, \"Jesse...\" Like the tide drawing back out to sea, I felt the tension dissipate from him. No longer was his breath ragged and shallow, but now it was even and calm, as if my presence was actually comforting to him. After several moments of hesitation, he finally turned to face me. Mesmerized by his blue eyes, I persisted, \"What's hurting you?\" \"Too many things,\" he answered, twining my hand with his. Although his touch was making me more squeamish than I wanted to admit, I made a daring move by gazing up at his face, determined to not reveal how nervous he was making me. However, as I looked up into the face that I had battered the night before, I saw what I did not expect. Instead of being as black as ink and swollen, Jesse's eye was completely unscathed. By some uncanny force, Jesse had healed in less than a twenty four hour period. Unable to contain myself, I released a gasp, reaching to prod his flawless flesh. \"How is that possible?\" Jesse quickly intercepted my hand, roughly yanking it away. \"I have to go,\" he muttered, ducking his head and adverting his gaze. Without casting me a second look, he raced out onto the court and practically ran out the gym doors. Leaving me alone again.[Chapter 6] Warning: Before you read this, I should let you know it contains some material only suitable for mature audiences. If you are easily disturbed, I recommend you not read this. On a brighter note, I'm really proud of this chapter. There is major character development and trauma involved. Please, please, please review if you enjoyed! Disclaimer: I do not own Tuck Everlasting. Only Emily and other OCs. \"Emily Lorang, Dr. Isaac is ready for you ,\" the secretary at the oak front desk declared around her chewing gum. Shuffling through a pile of paperwork, her ivy green eyes encountered mine. Around her mid forties, she had curly dark hair tinted with silver streaks, a sharp pointed nose, and thin lips smeared with pale pink lip gloss. With her index finger, her fingernails painted a vivid crimson red, she indicated to the door to the left at the end of the hallway. \"Thanks,\" I voiced my false gratitude, hoping I didn't sound as entirely rude as I felt. Springing from the plush vinyl waiting room chair, I flung the crinkled issue of Teen Vogue back on the table concealed under a haphazard array of puzzles, coloring books, and newspaper articles. On the carpeted floor, the tread of my boots was inaudible as I trudged down the hallway to room 3A. Lightly rapping on the door, my touch as delicate as if I were handling glass, I stood rigidly, my voice caught in my throat as a female called out, \"Come on in, it's open.\" After I pushed open the door, I halted at the threshold of the room, uncertain. Did I really want to do this? I contemplated. Biting my lip, I acknowledged my hands vibrating at my sides. Despite my anxiety, coursing through my veins like nervous adrenaline, I managed to stride across the room and plant myself on the leather couch. Crossing my legs in an attempt to be polite, I felt a strong urge to burst into a ridiculous theatric of tears. I didn't want to go through this again. Sifting through my emotions was agony, as painful as bringing a serrated blade to flesh. I fixated my gaze on my hands folded in my lap, observing the faint sliver of a scar tracing up my thumb from the time I accidently cut myself on a Progresso soup can. \"Emily, I know it's hard, but will you please look at me?\" Dr. Isaac's tone was tender and placid. Inhaling a gust of air, I slowly raised my head to examine the large figure of Dr. Isaac, a colossal giant of a woman. Her ashy blonde hair was swept up in a ponytail, framing her round, freckled face. Darkened with the heavy ink of an eye pencil, her brows accentuated her warm teak eyes, swimming with concern and understanding. Though she was older, her skin as wrinkled as a plum, there were deep laugh lines that crinkled around her eyes, and she had a radiant smile, emphasizing the little beauty that marred her facial features. Although Dr. Isaac presented herself as nice enough, I had a sense of diffidence. I didn't know this woman at all. \"I don't want to be here,\" I murmured, my voice cracking. Like a bundle of cotton, Dr. Isaac's voice was soft and even, \"Trust me, I know. What you went through was excruciatingly painful.\" Anger cascaded through me as I proclaimed, \"Then why are you making me go through it again! I already did therapy in New York for six months. What more do you want from me?\" While I was a seething cauldron of rage, Dr. Isaac managed her collected composure. \"We have to process what happened to you. Now, I don't like it any more than you do... but Emily, I need you to tell your story just one more time. Can you promise me just this once?\" Through clenched teeth, I grumbled, \"Just this once.\" \"Of course,\" she conceded, whipping out her clipboard adorned with a crisp, clean white sheet of note paper. Clicking her ink pen, she scrawled a time and date across the top, then motioned me encouragingly to begin. Tears glistened on my cheeks as I explained the most traumatizing event of my life. Almost as if I'd traveled back in time, I suddenly wasn't in the bland beige room of Dr. Isaac's office, but rather in my old apartment in Manhattan. The putrid stench of cat piss fragranced the teal carpets hiding the rotted baseboard beneath. Floral wallpaper garnished the walls, curling in the corners where water leaked in through the stained ceiling. Comparable to the capacity of a refrigerator box, the small apartment barely contained my and my mother's bedrooms and the narrow bathroom and kitchen we shared. Connected to the kitchen was the living room, stinking of musty linen curtains. In front of a television set propped on a plastic crate as a substitute for a TV stand was my great-grandmother's rocking chair and a worn couch, a faded shade of navy blue. An old film flickered across the screen as I worked diligently on my homework for coordinate algebra at the kitchen table. Next to my elbow were the remains of my dinner: a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, reduced to a pile of crumbs on a blue china plate. Silence devoured the atmosphere except for the repetitive scratch of my pencil against paper and the faint hum of the television in the background. Content as a cloud watcher searching the azure haze of the noon sky, I was startled at the sudden urgent pounding at my door. As a result of the force exerted against the wooden frame, the door rattled on its hinges. Relentlessly, the stressor persisted hammering the door with an unforgiving fist. Fear slid through me, chilling me to the bone like the frigid atmosphere of a brisk winter day. Silently, soundlessly, I jolted out of the chair and padded to the door cautiously, acutely aware of the possible threat. On the beck of my neck I felt my hair raise on an end. As demanding as a wailing toddler, panic flared through my head. Swallowing hard, I gathered all the courage and demanded confidently, \"Who is this?\" \"Emily, open up, it's me, Mr. Carlyle,\" boomed a familiar gruff voice. Relieved, I unlocked the door to expose the towering stature of Mr. Carlyle, the manager of Caribou Residencies, the apartment complex where my mother and I resided. His steel-colored eyes trained on me, an arrogant grin etched across Mr. Carlyle's sharp features, and his crown of black curls lay in an arbitrary mess atop his head. Aside from being the size of the Empire State Building compared to the average person, Mr. Carlyle was burly with thick biceps, defined quad muscles, and washboard abs at age forty-three. Tonight he was clad in ripped jeans and an olive green shirt. Though he appeared intimidating in appearance, Mr. Carlyle had a reputation for being the most benevolent citizen to inhabit the streets of Manhattan. Six months ago, when my mother and I had first moved into Caribou Residencies, Mr. Carlyle had been the first one to knock on our door with an inviting smile and a helpful gesture of helping us carry our heavy boxes up to three flights of metal stairs. While he and my mother would occasionally flirt, I would always snicker and giggle behind my hands, my cheeks reddening to the color of an apple. However, no grin graced his face now. Rather than the inverse, his expression seemed apathetic, his gaze flat. \"Is everything all right, sir?\" I queried, curious as a young child exploring a funhouse, nervously leaning against the door frame. With false sincerity, he promised, \"Of course. There's just a minor malfunction with the electrical wiring.\" \"Oh.\" I acknowledged, awkwardly running a hand through my hair. \"Is it fixed now?\" \"Well, I wondered if I could come in for a moment just to inspect that there's no damage to the dry wall.\" An indifferent monotone, his words glided smoothly off his tongue, his speech persuasive. I hesitated, \"Well, um... I was kind of doing my homework, so...\" \"It'll just take a minute,\" Mr. Carlyle insisted, waving my argument away dismissively with his beefy hand. \"Could it wait until tomorrow when you can talk to my mom? She's working late tonight.\" \"No,\" Mr. Carlyle disputed, \"it needs to be handled tonight. It's quite urgent.\" Apprehension settled onto my shoulders like a boulder, digging painfully into the bone, damaging the tissue. Something felt completely wrong. Flickering behind Mr. Carlyle's eyes was an intense emotion that I was unable to decipher. In all honesty, it frightened me. \"I guess you can,\" I whispered, opening the door wider. \"Thank you,\" he appreciated. Trudging into the compact apartment, he smiled a cold, reptilian smile down at me. \"My Emily, aren't you a beautiful thing.\" \"Thank, you, sir,\" I nervously chittered. \"Such beautiful hair,\" he elucidated, pinching a strand of my hair between his fingers. In the light, it appeared as pale as a strand of fine white silk. Shivers arched down my spine; discomfort prickled under my skin. I wanted to scream at him to not touch me, but the words got caught in my throat. His eyes analyzing my body, he interrogated, \"How old are you now, Emily?\" Weakly, I stammered, \"Fourteen.\" Quick as a comment shooting across the night sky, Mr. Carlyle's hand yanked an object out of his belt. Before I could release a single scream, a silver switch blade was plunged into my side. At that instant I felt hot and cold as blood poured from the wound. Cries of pain rolled through my body as I jerked the reddened knife from my side. As I observed the handle speckled with my blood, my salty tears mingling with the crimson liquid, I was suddenly slammed against the wall by the body of Mr. Carlyle. My head cracked loudly against the baseboard as he engulfed me in his grip, covering my mouth with his hands so I couldn't call for help. Rough and calloused, they tasted of sweat the dirt of the street. Upon my instincts I bit down hard on his hand. His blood cascaded down my tongue, bitter with the tang of cruelty. Kicking my feet, I landed a blow to his groin. Yowling like a cat, Mr. Carlyle dropped me onto the floor as he clutched his sensitive spot. Scrambling away on my hands and knees I attempted to crawl over to the phone in the kitchen. Like a waterfall, blood trailed across the floor, turning the carpet into a vile rusty color. His eyes watering, Mr. Carlyle screamed, \"You bitch!\" Staggering over to where I lay, defeated, he grabbed me by the shirt and slapped me across the face, my flesh raw and stinging as his hand connected with my cheek. Effortlessly, he hefted me to my feet and hauled me over to the couch. Glass shards scattered across the floor, the results of uncontrollable rage, as Mr. Carlyle knocked aside a porcelain lamp and thrust me face down onto the scratchy material of the couch. Curled in a fetal position to protect myself, I began to sob as he jerked my legs into a straight position, my head reclined against the arm rest. Unstrapping his belt, Mr. Carlyle used it to bind my hands together in front of me, then concentrated on the area below my waist. Too shocked to object, I watched in horror as he jerked my plaid pajama pants down to my ankles. Lust burned in his eyes, as he salivated his lips, like a dog begging for a bone covered in hunks of thick red meat. His fingers probed under my Hello Kitty panties, stroking my vagina. He was a demon sent straight from Hell; his task was to enable the death of me. \"Please,\" I wept, desperation unimpeded in my sobs. For a moment, he hesitated, peering down at me with a cold, amused expression. Chuckles reverberated through his chest, mimicking the cruel sound of nails on a chalkboard. Terror deluged me, paralyzing my whole body as he traced his fingers up my shirt and under my bra. His fingers wound around my nipples and pinched them roughly, twisting. Wincing in pain, I allowed a sob to escape my mouth, a cry of a young child engulfed in darkness. Hooking his fingers in my panties, he pulled them down to join my pants, a peculiar combination: plaid, Hello Kitty, and polka-dot neon socks. Wet and warm like a summer rain, Mr. Carlyle slowly, sinfully, licked the flesh of my inner thigh, a guttural, deep growl rumbling in his throat. Unable to unveil the courage to resist him, I simply lay in shock, shuddering as he nipped me in a sensitive area. Several minutes slipped away in this fashion. As his hands roamed my petite body, they were rough, unyielding, harsh. However, much to dismay, the pain escalated as a new sensation ripped through my body. Glancing briefly at the hulking form of Mr. Carlyle, I witnessed his unzipped jeans, his boxers down to reveal a part of his body that permanently left an imprint in my memories. He jammed his massive penis into my body and an unfamiliar searing distress flooded throughout my body. Panting like a dog, he crudely slid his member into my core and vigorously thrust. I felt ready to burst at the sheer size of him. Unable to suppress it, I yelped in discomfort, tears streaming down my cheeks in a torrent of sadness and pain. \"Shut up!\" he thundered, gasping from exertion. Despite the sweat that glistened on his brow, the hunger in Mr. Carlyle's eyes had not subsided. Like an arrow, another wave of pain stabbed through my body as he continued to rip his member through my aching core, moaning, the noise resembling a homeless man begging for a scrap of food. Briefly I felt so nauseous I was afraid I would throw up and make him angry. Although I wanted to be anywhere but this moment, I could not escape to the solace of my imagination. I was stuck in the revulsion, doomed to what felt like an eternity of suffering. Squeezing my eyes shut, I welcomed the darkness, an unexpected gift in the violation of my mind and body. Without warning, Mr. Carlyle suddenly released his grip on me, and I was relieved of his weight pressing against my torso. Though I refused to observe my surroundings, I heard the thundering of his feet, and the sound of him tugging his zipper closed. In the distance, police sirens wailed, a single star in the black expanse of the night sky. The door slammed loudly, the hinges creaking in protest, and I was abandoned on the couch, shaking like a leaf, hysterical sobs racking my weakened and sore body. At that moment, four police officers, adorned in tan uniforms decorated with badges and complicated belts, exploded through the door and ambled through the apartment, their guns raised in defense. \"All clear,\" one with a bushy copper mustache informed his fellow officers. My mother came racing in, her mascara smudged and smeared, her eyes rimmed with red. Scooping me into her arms, she sobbed into my hair. \"My baby,\" she whispered. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Mommy,\" I whimpered, fixating my gaze on her loving hazel eyes, brimming with grief. Sniffling, I embraced her, afraid to let go. \"Later, the police filed a report that I had been raped by Jonathan Carlyle on October 10, 2010 at 9:17 pm.\" I met Dr. Isaac's unwavering stare, shakily taking a breath before continuing. \"Even though he was brought to trial and found guilty, I still feel empty. It's almost like he's stolen a piece of me, something I cannot recapture. Forever I will be scarred, unable to anticipate the future because I'm caught in my past.\" Dr. Isaac interrogated, \"How have you coped with it? According to your mother, you've been handling it pretty well for the past year.\" Chuckling darkly, I countered, \"I didn't used to.\" Her interest piqued, Dr. Isaac persisted, \"Tell me more. Fill in the blanks.\" \"The first few months, after the incident, when I was seeing dozens of therapists and on countless medications, I began cutting to balance the stress in my life.\" Voluntarily, I tugged my sweater sleeve to expose the horizontal scars marring both my wrists, silver lines against the pale flesh of my inner arms. \"When did you stop?\" \"After my mother caught me in the act,\" I admitted, my thoughts swimming with images of me standing before my bathroom sink, a razor blade speckled with blood in hand. \"My mother completely freaked out and threatened to send me to the hospital.\" I added, \"That's not all. I may have snuck a couple of cigarettes in the process, but the main point is that I was mess. For nearly a year it seemed like my entire life was unraveling at the seams. I was depressed. In addition to sleeping whenever I got the chance, I was never motivated to do anything. Activities I participated in required too much effort, so I rarely ever enjoyed them. Life became a hopeless abyss, where I felt I would keep falling and never hit the bottom. On Christmas I attempted suicide by trying to overdose on sleeping pills. I just saw no point to living in a world where the only emotions I could experience were loss and agony.\" \"What changed?\" Dr. Isaac scrutinized me with question, her eyes deep with perception and understanding. \"Well,\" I surmised, \"nothing really.\" Dr. Isaac cocked an eyebrow skeptically.\"You're serious?\" \"Yes. Why?\" I probed, irritation evident in my tone. \"According to your mother,\" opposed Dr. Isaac, \"you've made exceptional progress over the past year.\" Rolling my eyes, I snorted, \"She was the one who sent me here in the first place. Why would she do that if I was making alleged 'progress'?\" \"She was worried that the move would cause some old stress to resurface.\" \"It didn't,\" I retorted, angrily shoving my hands in my jean pockets. \"Can I go now?\" Sighing warily, Dr. Isaac allowed, \"I guess, since your time is up, but there's one more thing I want to ask.\" \"Go ahead.\" Propping her chin on her elbow, she interrogated, \"What is your perspective on yourself now?\" The question hit me like a punch in the stomach. Gasping, I uttered breathlessly, \"I'm unlovable, disgusting, irredeemable, and damaged. Does that answer your question?\" Wiping away the tears that had gathered in the corners of my eyes, I stormed out of the room, slamming the door loudly behind me.[Chapter 7] As startling as diving into a pond of frigid, frozen water, an unanticipated autumn gale nearly pushed me down on the pavement as I plodded outside after my sentimental therapy session. Shivering, I shoved my arms into my red Aero jacket, warm and comforting against my bare arms. With bated breath, I exposed my scarred wrist to the sunlight, grimacing as the opalescent rays made the pale white lines glow like silver. \"Ugly,\" I muttered, tugging the sleeve to conceal my mutilated flesh. Three feet away, a disheveled, balding man with a salt-and-pepper mustache dressed in a stained trench coat fished a pack of cigarettes out of his left pocket. With a pocket lighter, he ignited the tip, then took a long drag, exhaling a cloud of smoke. As piercing as sharp nails pinching skin, I bit down on my lip, desperately attempting to avert my attention away from the release and relaxation that nicotine provided me with. Anxiously tapping my foot, I battled the temptation, berating my pure thoughts with threats and pleas. After five minutes, the urge became so prodigious that I almost snatched a cigarette out of the man's hand. A beacon of sunlight among dark storm clouds, my mother pulled up in front of me in her red Subaru, laying on her horn insistently. Grateful, I yanked open the door and slid into the passenger seat. Adorned in a modest cashmere sweater, my mother's hair cascaded down her back in long waves of bleached blonde silk. Reeking of vanilla perfume, my mother disclosed, \"I had a busy afternoon.\" As bland as cotton, I apathetically persisted, \"What'd you do?\" After she shifted the gear to drive, my mother asserted, \"Well, I had a nice lunch at Burger Inn, I got my nails done, then I ran a couple errands at Treegap's outlet mall.\" As an obnoxious Lexus switched lanes unexpectedly, denying my mother the opportunity to turn right before the light switched to red, she cussed under her breath. \"Mom?\" \"Hmm,\" she sighed, \"oh yeah. There was a man named Ellis probably in his late forties dressed in a fedora and an ironed suit.\" \"A fedora hat,\" I wrinkled my nose in disgust. Giggling like a preschooler, my mother slapped me teasingly on the arm and retorted, \"Shut up, Em. He was totally hot. He looked like an older Corey Monteith. I bet you're jealous.\" Rolling my eyes, I muttered sarcastically, \"Sure I am.\" \"Too bad you're not my age,\" she bantered, \"otherwise I might share him.\" Despite my theatrical morose masquerade, it was easy to make me laugh; I guffawed in laughter, cackling like a deranged witch. Between chuckles, I inquired solemnly, \"Did you get his number?\" Her hazel eyes orbs of rich amber in the sunlight steeping in through the driver's window, my mother enunciated each word, \"I got every digit.\" Like a teenager witnessing their first car on their sixteenth birthday, I shrieked euphorically, \"Oh my God, Mom!\" Envisioning my mom in white with a ring on her finger was terrifying because I felt I wouldn't be able to tolerate an older man living with me after my trauma, but any cause that put a smile on my mother's face was enough to pump happiness into my heart. \"How was therapy?\" Like a dagger, those words pierced my heart, dropping the burden of pain and remorse on my shoulders. Even though I had been raped three years ago, these words etched a pristine picture in my mind, as if I had been taken advantage of only yesterday. As bristly as a cactus, I instigated, \"I don't want to talk about this.\" My nails were pressed into a sallow white as I dug my fingers into the armrest. Although she realized her mistake, my mother still ignored my infuriation. Rather than the inverse, she pressed, \"Oh Emily, would you stop shutting me out.\" \"How am I shutting you out?\" I demanded indignantly. \"It's my therapy, which I don't need.\" \"I still think you do.\" My voice as shrill as nails on a chalkboard, I wailed, \"Why?\" \"The move was stressful. Honestly, I think we could both benefit from some counseling. Doesn't it feel like such a relief to confide in someone about your emotions?\" With her eyes fixated on the road, my mother took a left turn into our neighborhood, placid as the brick houses were nestled among towering redwoods. \"No,\" I sulked, slouching in my seat. \"Besides, we've moved hundreds of times and I've never had a problem. Most of the time I'm ghost; I hardly have any friends. It's just new scenery.\" Tears as crystalline as diamonds glistened in the corners of my mother's eyes as she sobbed, \"This is what I'm talking about!\" My cheeks deep crimson and blotchy, I protested, \"What do you want from me?\" \"I just want you to be happy,\" she wept, as grievous a widow at their spouse's funereal. Trembling in rage, I exhaled, \"Mom, I was raped at fourteen . My body was violated, I cut myself, and I attempted suicide. Do you expect me to be smiling and singing songs?\" Torrents of tears splashed on my mother's jeans. \"Why can't you heal? I thought you were better, but I saw you cutting again. You have this wound but it never seems to form a scab.\" \"I'm sorry... I was just stressed.\" Guiltily, I glanced down at my wrist were a coarse line of burgundy skin peeked out among the red fabric. \"It's not easy,\" I admitted solemnly, my eyes as azure as the ocean, distant and melancholy. In exasperation, my mother slapped the wheel. \"It was hard for me, too, when my parents divorced. But a year later I escaped depression; I was perfectly fine.\" Despite the unshed tears glistening on the red rims of my eyes, I giggled hysterically, \"I think my situation was a little more traumatizing than yours.\" \"Doesn't matter,\" she snapped. \"Normal people are able to bounce back.\" Offended, I prompted, \"Oh, so now you want me to be normal? I guess you don't like me the way I am.\" \"No, Emily,\" she blustered urgently, \"I...\" Like an unreliable rusty pickup truck, she broke down completely, howling and sniveling. \"What do you want me to do?\" I queried, tentatively placing my hand on her shoulder to coax her. Her face buried in her hands, my mother whispered, \"I just want my baby back.\" As if I'd been shocked with an electric current, I snapped my hand back, repulsed by the contact with the woman who had given birth to me. \"Your baby is gone. I thought you were the one person who understood me, who loved and accepted me no matter what. You say I have a wound that will never heal, but what you just said has infected it. I don't know if I can forgive you.\" As the car puttered along the street, I popped open the door, setting of an alarm, before jumping out. Blinded with tears, I sprinted forward, ignoring my mother's cries. Variegated leaves of orange, red, and green garnished the branches of the surrounding trees. My heavy tread muted by the stirring of the leaves in the wind, I darted into the dense foliage. As fast as a cheetah, I barreled through the forest, dodging shrubs and snarled tree branches. Stumbling on an adjacent tree root, I was sprawled on my stomach and the palms of my hands. \"I can't do it,\" I bawled, sitting on my bottom with my knees pulled to my chest. Swiping away the dampness on my cheeks with dirt-caked hands, I reluctantly forced my body to stand up. There was nothing left for me here. \"Keep running,\" I mandated myself. With one foot in front of the other, I scurried at an even more rapid pace; I just wanted to disappear. Visions of Mr. Carlyle pulling his pants down, Hello Kitty panties, a silver razor blade tarnished with gore, a dark room with the shades drawn to shut out the world, and the hazy, distorted sensation of prescription pills haunted my mind. \"Go away!\" I screeched, shaking my head vigorously to terminate the reminder of the mistakes that I've made. Through a thicket of shrubs, I stumbled into a clearing teeming with white lilies, the pale hue as luminous as pristine white snow. At the far edge of the clearing a mighty oak tree skimmed the azure sky, its roots bumpy and uneven and stretching around the tree in all directions. In front of the robust trunk was a rectangular gravestone, the letters engraved in the limestone weathered from several years exposed to the elements. Donned in an faded Hard Rock Café t-shirt and ripped jeans was Jesse Tuck, his focus fixated on the marker of the deceased. \"Jesse,\" I gasped. Like he had been scalded by boiling water, Jesse whipped around, his mouth agape as he absorbed my presence. Instantly I felt like an intruder. \"Emily,\" he pressed slowly, \"What are you doing here?\" \"I'm sorry,\" I stuttered, desperately trying to smooth the creases out of my rumpled pants. \"I was just hiking, and I sorta found it.\" Incognizant of the lie I had just made, Jesse enlightened, \"It is beautiful, isn't it? I always come here when I feel like the world is closing in.\" \"Yes,\" I conceded, then I recalled the gravestone. \"Were you visiting somebody?\" As I indicated the gravestone with my index finger, the bewildered expression subsided on Jesse's face. \"Just an old friend,\" he affirmed. As gentle as a summer breeze weaving through a field of daffodils, Jesse's suspicious blue gaze softened into sympathy as he noticed the tears on my cheeks. \"What happened?\" \"What? Oh yeah,\" I substituted the sleeve of my jacket as a Kleenex. \"Nothing.\" \"That's a lie,\" Jesse objected. Aromas of pine needles mingled in my nose as he pulled me into an embrace. Surprised, I nearly jumped away at the contact, but then I melted into his warmth. Lust kindled and resurfaced within me, roaring like a lion; my limbs ached. All I wanted was this boy right here and now. Standing on my tiptoes, I pressed my mouth against his, drinking in the taste of him contently like he was exquisitely aged wine. Halting, Jesse held me out at shoulder length, his gaze scrutinizing. \"Please,\" I murmured, \"kiss me.\" Diffidently, he seemed to contemplate my offer, but then he leaned in and molded his tender lips with mine. His breath as warm and gentle, Jesse sucked on my bottom lip. Cocooned in his heated embrace, I passionately used my tongue to explore the inner regions of his mouth. Up his slender, flawless neck I planted feathery kisses, my nerve endings tingling as I tasted his skin, as soft and supple as bread dough. Applying gentle pressure on my cheek, Jesse tilted my mouth back to his. Slowly, he lowered me into the lilies, their perfume as saccharine as powdered sugar. Clutching the folds of his shirt, I yanked it over his head, tossing it haphazardly behind me. For a moment he eyed me like he was imploring my consent. With a small nod of my head, he unbuttoned my jeans, pulling them down to my knees. Straddling me between his muscular legs, his eyes mirrored worry as well as desire. \"Are you okay?\" he queried, pushing an astray wispy lock of blonde hair behind my ears. \"I need you,\" I whispered, staring into his cobalt orbs, seeing the fear evident on my reflection's face. With his hardened member, he gently delved into my core. Moaning in ecstasy, I felt dynamic as he thrusted once, twice. Despite the pain I had to withstand, I'd never felt more like a queen, royal and cherished. Synchronized, both Jesse's and my heart pounced erratically in our chests, flurried and rapid like a hummingbird as it flaps its wings. Panting like he had run a marathon, Jesse converted back to peppering kisses on my collarbone. Placing all his weight on me, he licked my neck, then nibbled my right ear with his teeth. While he continued to have intercourse with me, I had become as rigid as stone, not returning any affection. What had I done? Horrified by my actions, I wanted to hide away under a blanket, to conceal myself away from the sexual ambitions of men. It seemed as only yesterday I was a victim of rape, but today I was a slut, hooking up with boys who were practically strangers. In the wilderness I had exposed my body, grateful for the presence of hands on my hips, but now I was repulsed. Rather than the slender, warm hands cupped around my small breasts, they felt like reptilian skin, rough and jagged, chaffing my pliable flesh. With the palms of my hands, I callously pushed Jesse off of my body, cutting him abruptly from the series of kisses he had been placing on my inner thigh. Half naked, he stared at me, bamboozled. \"Emily...\" he started. \"Don't,\" I interrupted. \"I'm sorry, just forget this happened.\" Springing to my feet, I buttoned my shirt with agile fingers, pulled my jeans back over my legs, and slipped my jacket back on. \"Come on, Emily, we can talk about this.\" Torrents of emotions bubbled inside my heart, but instead I just pinched Jesse's shirt between his fingers and tossed it back to him. \"Put your clothes back on,\" I asserted. When I had laced up my Converse, I dashed back into the autumn leaves. Overhead, the sky had become black and yellow like an ancient bruise, promising a storm. To the north I heard Jesse calling my name, beseeching me to come back, but I was too far gone. Squirrels with bushy brown tails scampered up the trees; some were scavenging for acorns on the forest floor. Deeper among the verdure a deer was munching on wild grass. With eyes as large as softballs, the doe captivated my presence. Jealousy gnawed at me like terminates weaken wood; I wanted the innocence and purity of the young doe. Perhaps she belonged to a herd who adored her, who protected her, who were not afraid or resentful of what she had become. A sudden snap of a twig made the deer jolt to attention, before bounding away. Petrified Jesse had found me, I began running to evade his apologies. Several feet away, I could see the wooden picket fence that opened into my backyard. Relieved that it was unlocked, I shoved it open. Rain was showering down in sheets of ample drops. Trudging through the sodden grass, I climbed up the stairs ascending to my back porch. As alluring and comforting as homemade chocolate chip cookies, the heat was switched on in the house as I staggered into the threshold, sending shivers spiraling down my spine. Dropping my drenched coat over the heater, I nearly had a heart attack when I noticed my mother sprawled out on the beige microfiber couch. Despite my earlier antagonism towards her, I exploded into a mess of tears. When my mother outstretched her arms, I curled into my her warm body, cocking my head so I could listen to the steady thumping of her heart. As she rested her chin on the top of my head, the gesture reminded me of when I was five and I would wake up in the middle of the night with excruciating fevers. For hours she would lay awake with me until I drifted into sleep. \"I'm sorry you lost your baby,\" I mumbled into her shirtfront. \"What are talking about?\" My mother chuckled hoarsely, her voice cracking with emotion, \"My baby's right here.\" I know some of my reviewers wanted a happy chapter, but you're just going to have to stick with me for these next few chapters. They're going to be depressing, but I promise the story will be more bubbly and fluffy later. At least I reconciled Emily with her mom. :) Please review, it makes my day. ","Summary":" EMILY A loud ringing shrieked in my left ear. My tired eyes fluttered open. Glancing around my dark"},{"Movie":"Picture Perfect","Title":"frozen heart","Author":"nymeria-danvers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12869931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chloe opened her eyes, a smile adorning her face. She looked out the window to see the sun rising. She loved waking up with the sun, it made her feel alive. In her four years of existence, Chloe had not seen something as beautiful as the sun rising, but she knew that was going to change one day. She sat up and looked to the bed next to hers. Her older sister Aubrey, fast asleep. Chloe looked up to her in so many ways, they were best friends. She got out of her bed and slowly patted over to her sister's. She got onto the bed and jumped on her sister making the older girl groan. \"Aubrey! Wake up! Wake up Wake up!\" She kept jumping on top of her sister to disrupt her sleep. \"Chloe, go back to sleep,\" the blonde said, pushing her younger sister to the floor. The ginger landed with a huff and quickly stood up. \"But I can't, the sky's awake, so I'm awake and I have to go and play!\" Chloe threw herself onto her sister again only to get pushed off, again. A mischievous smirk grew on the little girl's pale face as she decided what to tell her sister. \"Do you wanna build a snowman?\" The older girl smiled and quickly got up. The two girls ran down the stairs, Aubrey shushing her little sister's giggles along the way. Chloe loved playing with her older sister, it made her feel ultimate joy, especially when her sister used her magic. The magic she was blessed with when she was born, the magic Chloe sometimes wished she had. She wanted to be able to conjure snow out of nowhere, it looked fun. \"Do the magic, do the magic,\" the four-year-old chanted rather excitedly. She clapped her hands and squealed when the blonde started using her magic. The floor was covered in ice and snow, it was cold on Chloe's arms, but she didn't care because she was having way too much fun. Both girls were giggling as they ran around the ballroom playing. Aubrey created a small snowman, making Chloe giggle even louder. \"Hi, I'm Amy and I like warm hugs,\" Aubrey voiced the snowman. She was behind it making its arms move about. Chloe shrieked and threw herself on the snowman. \"I love you, Amy.\" The little ginger crushed the snowman in a big warm hug. She tried her best not to break it. The cold snow was against her exposed skin, making her realize she was colder than she originally thought. Aubrey noticed redness in her sister's arms from the snow being in direct contact to her sister's arms. She then started to get worried, was the snow hurting Chloe? \"Chloe, your arms are red, are you sure you're not cold?\" Aubrey took a step closer to the younger girl. Chloe looked down at her arms. She had felt the cold on her body, she didn't know it was having this reaction. She rubbed her arms against her torso and arms, then let out a shiver. She smiled brightly at the older girl. \"I'm fine, Aubrey,\" she reassured the worried girl. \"Come on let's play!\" She pulled her sister to the other side of the room. Aubrey started making snow piles around the room, the ginger's blue eyes lit up with excitement. The blonde loved the look on the younger girl's face, she loved making her little sister happy. She made a gesture for her sister to started climbing on the piles. \"Catch me!\" Aubrey kept making little snow piles to catch her sister, each one harder than the last. Chloe was going too fast. \"Again! Again!\" The seven-year old's face contorted into a worried look. She couldn't keep up. \"Slow down!\" Aubrey moved to keep up better, but she slipped. She was falling backwards as Chloe had jumped. Magic shot out of her hands to see if she could catch her sister, it didn't. It hit Chloe's head, the girl falling unconscious in one of the snow piles. The blonde felt her heart stop, she had hurt her sister. She ran towards her. \"Chloe!\" She took her in her arms; Chloe was growing cold. A white streak then formed in the girl's ginger hair, Aubrey gasped. She needed to tell her parents, they needed to know what had happened. This was all her fault, why hadn't she just stayed in bed. \"Mama! Papa!\" The room was growing colder by the second as Aubrey's fears were growing. Her parents suddenly burst through the door. \"Aubrey, what have you done,\" her father, John, asked, worried and angry. \"This is getting out of hand!\" Her parents kept looking around, too shocked about what was around them. Her mother, Holly, looked down at her older daughter's arms noticing Chloe. \"Chloe!\" She took the little girl in her arms. Aubrey felt her blue eyes well up with tears, guilt weighing like boulders on her shoulders. She looked between her parents, both of them terrified and disappointed. She joined her hands, clasping her dress. She felt a tear escape her eye, become ice as it fell. \"It was an accident, I'm sorry.\" She sniffled. She didn't mean for her sister to get hurt, she just wanted to play. Tears kept falling out of her eyes. The room grew colder and colder. Her parents were shivering slightly as they examined their youngest daughter. \"She's ice cold,\" Holly pointed out. The king stood up from the ground, helping his wife as he did. He wrapped his daughter up in his cloak and took her into his arms. \"I know where we have to go.\" He disappeared, coming back two minutes later with a map. The family got on their horses, going to their destination. Aubrey's nervousness kept growing, making a trail of snow and ice as they galloped though the woods. She hoped that wherever they were going they were going to help her sister. As they passed leaving the trail of snow, they didn't notice a sleepy little girl named Beca with her reindeer friend. They passed quickly, leaving the little girl with her reindeer grew wondered. Her steel blue eyes grew large as she saw her favorite thing in the world, ice. She looked at her reindeer then back at the ice. \"Ice,\" she asked her friend. Both young lings moved excitedly. The little brunette got on the small reindeer to follow the ice path. They started running after the horses. \"Faster, Jesse!\" The horses stopped in a valley. Beca tilted her head in confusion, what were they looking for? She ducked behind a rock pulling Jesse with her. She looked as the adults moved towards a bunch of other rocks, a small girl in the man's arms. There was a frightened blonde next to the woman, the girl left an ice path as she walked. \"Did you see that, Jess?\" She nudged her best bud, pointing at the ice at the girl's feet. The reindeer nodded excitedly. They laughed. \"Please somebody help my daughter,\" the man shouted. The rocks started to move and tumble all around. Some had started to fall down the valley heading directly towards Jesse and Beca. The two let out little yelps as they tried to avoid them. The rocks stopped at the man and woman's feet opening to reveal happy faces. \"Trolls...?\" Beca was confused. The rock in front of Beca opened, revealing a friendly troll. The troll smiles at the two and holds them close. \"Shush, I'm trying to listen.\" She holds them close as they watch the people talk in front of them. Jesse likes the troll's face. The troll looks at them both. \"Cuties, I'm gonna keep you.\" Where the King and Queen were standing, the tension was high, Aubrey was still very terrified. An old troll rolled down, they called him Gran Pabbie. He knew all there was to know about magic. He was as old as the Earth, after all. He gives the king and queen a respectful nod. He approached them, peaking to see their youngest daughter. \"Your majesty,\" he spoke. He looked towards Aubrey and asked, \"Born with the powers or cursed?\" The blonde girl stood closely to her mother, still afraid of what was going on. \"Born, and they're getting stronger,\" the king replied. Aubrey looked at her father and then at her hands, she didn't want these powers anymore. They hurt her sister and they were growing stronger. She didn't want to deal with potentially hurting whoever she was with be it her parents, her sister or a new friend. The troll motioned for them to bring Chloe towards him. He looked at her, examining her deeply. He put his hand to her forehead, feeling the coldness on her forehead. \"You're lucky it wasn't her heart. The heart is not easily changed, but the head can be persuaded.\" \"Do what you must,\" John said, worry was written all over his body. \"I recommend we remove all magic, even memories of magic to be safe.\" Aubrey's widened, her sister won't remember her powers. Everything was going to change because of it, she couldn't be herself around her sister. \"Don't worry, I'll leave the fun.\" The troll said, sensing the little girl's sadness. At least Chloe's memories of them having fun where still going to be there. Grand Pabbie pulled out a blue energy from Chloe's head. He changed all the memories that included magic to normal memories, all the indoor snow activities changed to them playing outside in the winter. He takes the memories and puts them back in the ginger's head. \"She will be okay,\" he assured them. Aubrey let out a small sigh a relief, her sister was fine. Then she remembered, one thing was going to change. \"But she won't remember my powers,\" the blonde asked, a pout on her lips. She felt a hand on her shoulder, it was her father. \"It's for the best,\" he told her. Aubrey silently nodded. She understood, they needed to keep them safe. \"Listen to me, Aubrey,\" Grand Pabbie spoke, \"your power will only grow.\" The northern lights showed up in the sky, they showed an adult Aubrey making snowflakes. \"There is beauty in your magic, but also great danger.\" the blue in the lights changed to red, and fear quickly grew over the princess. \"Fear will be your enemy.\" \"No. We'll protect her,\" the king interjected. \"She can learn to control it. I'm sure. Until then, we'll lock the gates. We'll reduce the staff. We will limit her contact with people and keep her powers hidden from everyone... including Chloe.\" The two adults looked at each other, silently agreeing with each other. Aubrey frowned, everything was going to change and be worse for her. She was going to be secluded and concealed from everyone, including her best friend. The next day the changes started to happen. She packed her stuff up and moved to the room across the hall from her old one. As she walked away she looked back to find her sister, sadness in her baby blue eyes. The blonde felt a pang of sadness in her gut, but she couldn't do anything, it was all decided. She waved at her sister, sadly, then closed the door. She slid against it and sat on the floor. Tears escaped her eyes as she thought about how her life was going to be.[Chapter 2] Chloe strolled through the castle, she was bored out of her mind. She was a child, she needed other children to play with. She walked around the library and moved up to where the telescope was, stepping on a chair to be able to see. It was day time, there were really no stars to look at, so she just looked outside of the castle. She saw all the children playing, how she envied them. There was on little girl running around with a reindeer, it made Chloe giggle, they looked ridiculous. Maybe if she asked nicely her parents would let her leave the castle so she could play with the other children outside. She went to her parents' study and tugged on her father's coat. He looked at her and then pulled her up to his lap. He was working on some important king things and the ginger knew she wasn't supposed to interrupt him when he was working. \"Papa,\" she said, \"can I go outside and play with the other children?\" She used her signature puppy stare; her big blue eyes were very convincing. Her father looked at her, pity in his stare, she knew he was going to say no. \"I'm sorry, Chlo, you can't go outside today,\" he told her. The little girl crossed her arms and jumped down from her father's lap. \"Then when? You said that yesterday and the day before and the day before. I need to go out and play!\" She was throwing one of her usual theatrics, all of which she used to get her way. John looked at his daughter with a frown, he was thinking. Chloe thought she had him where she wanted, until he shook his head and went back to his work. The little princess let out a groan, storming out. She then had a brilliant idea, Aubrey, maybe they could play today. She saw the snow start falling outside, excitement bubbling in her chest. She went up to her sister's door. \"Aubrey,\" she called out. No response from the other side of the door, making the ginger frown. \"Do you wanna build a snowman? Please! Let's go and play! We used to be the bestest friends ever, and now you don't even talk to me! Why? Do you wanna build a snowman?\" She moved her mouth to the keyhole and spoke, \"It doesn't have to be a snowman.\" \"Go away, Chloe,\" came her older sister's voice. Chloe pouted. \"Okay, bye,\" she whispered, sadly. She moved away from the door with nothing to do and feeling sadness. She felt like she was never going to play with her sister anymore. Inside her room, Aubrey sat by the window, she felt sad when she rejected her sister. She cheered herself up by looking outside, it made her happy to think about the old times. She stares longingly at the outside, wanting to go again. She then feels ice under her hands, the windowsill is covered in ice. She gasped and called her father. He came and looked at the room then went to fetch something, returning quickly. \"The gloves will help,\" he explains. He slipped leather gloves into the blonde's hands. He took one of the small gloved hands into his own. \"See? You're good...\" They looked at each other and he signaled for her to start saying their mantra. \"Conceal it.\" \"Don't feel it,\" the princess continued. \"Don't let it show,\" they finished together. Years pass , Chloe goes to her sister's room every day, to ask her if she wants to play, getting rejected every day. Her boredom grew stronger and stronger, but she didn't want to show it. She read every day, she also liked to look at the people in the plaza through the telescope. \"Be careful,\" she yelled/whispered as she looked through the telescope. The person she saw the most when she looked at the plaza was a girl with her reindeer, who was back today after a long disappearance. The two always play rough and it made Chloe nervous. They almost fell into the water this time, the reindeer catching the brunette before she fell. \"One day you're going to hurt yourself, reindeer girl.\" She laughed. She jumped down from the chair and ran out of the library. She walked around the castle stopping before Aubrey's door. She did her signature knock on the door. \"Aubrey! Do you wanna build a snowman? Maybe we can ride our bikes around the halls, and even down the stair!\" She giggled. \"I really need company around here, sis. I'm bored and I have no one to talk, well if you count the painting.\" She got no response, as always. The ginger got up and walked away. She went through the hall. Why was her sister always ignoring her? She was always ignoring all she wanted was to have her sister back. Aubrey was being a jerk and she really needed to stop being a jerk. She climbed up the stairs, quickly lying down in front of the clock. She watched time pass, clicking her tongue as the bell moved. In her room Aubrey, now twelve, was pacing around. Her powers had been stronger than usual. She was freezing everything whenever she took her gloves off, but it happened the most when Chloe came to her room to see if she could play. It made her upset and feel very guilty, not to mention the flashbacks of hitting Chloe with her magic. \"I'm scared! It's getting stronger!' She looked at the wall behind her, it was frozen. She had done that, she really didn't mean to. \"Getting upset makes it worse,\" her father warned. He was trying to help her, but Aubrey was just too afraid to listen. He tried to give her a hug comfort, but she shrunk into herself, moving away. \"No,\" Aubrey cried out. \"Don't touch me. I don't want to hurt you.\" Her parents looked at each other, sadness in their gaze. Aubrey couldn't help but feel that she was letting them down. After a while , Chloe stopped going to her older sister's room. She knocked sometimes, but she was straight up ignored. She read all that she could which was everything in the library. She also still looked through the telescope, enjoying the view of the plaza. Her favorite thing to do in the day was to see the people having fun. Today was no different, Reindeer Girl was back after a three-month disappearance. The ginger had grown to miss the brunette and her silly reindeer. She had grown, and her brunette hair was longer and pulled back into a ponytail, she looked beautiful. It made the princess yearn for a friend, and for more than a friend as well. She had read of all these princes who came and gave their princesses love and support, and she couldn't wait for that. When she was little she thought she would've been married by now or at least promised, she is fifteen after all. Her sister wasn't promised either and she was eighteen. All in good time, she guessed. Her parents were leaving on a trip to visit some family. They told Chloe to stay behind in Barden just in case she was needed in the castle. She didn't understand why they would need her, Aubrey was next in line, then again, the blonde didn't really talk to anyone. She walked through the halls of the castle, on her way to say goodbye to her parents. She walked past her sister's room, looking at it in sadness, as she did now a day. Then she ran to her parents' quarters. She ran into her parents' arms, laughing. \"See you in two weeks,\" she giggled. She hugged them individually and wished them safe passage. Later that day, Aubrey curtsied to her parents, afraid to touch them in any way. Her powers had grown all these years. She had accidentally frozen so many objects in her room, she wanted it to stop. Her parents were going away now, they were her only friends as she shut her sister out. She didn't want them to go. \"Do you have to go,\" she whispered. Maybe her mother could stay, or maybe they both could. She looked at them with her sad blue yes, hoping for them to change their minds. \"You'll be fine, Aubrey,\" John assured his daughter. Maybe everything was going to work out. A few weeks passed since their parents left. Chloe was up to her usual business, looking at the plaza through the telescope. There were performances in the square today and they were so good. The princess giggled as she saw the people dance and sing. \"Excuse me, Princess Chloe,\" a servant called out. The ginger turned around, her smile fell from her face when she saw the sadness in the servant's eyes. He held out a scroll to her, she took it carefully. Her blue eyes went from the scroll to the servant to the scroll again. She opened it slowly. She fell to the floor; a sob escaped her mouth when she read that her parents perished at sea. The servant raced to her side, he held the sobbing princess. Aubrey had also received the news of her parents' death. She refused to see anyone. Her room was frozen, as she had a tiny melt down when she received the news. She felt guilty, even though it was no one's fault. She should've done something to make them stay, but she just let them go. She let her tears fall. Her body slowly fell to the grown as she sobbed. Her chest was heaving, and her sobs became choked. \"Why,\" she sobbed, wrapping her arms around her knees. After her parents' funeral, Chloe had nowhere to go. She didn't want to look at the town, they were mourning just like her. She passed her parents' portrait, it was covered in a mourning cloth. A tear fell from Chloe's eye. She stopped at her sister's door, hoping that maybe this time she would open the door and they could cry together. \"Aubrey,\" she called out sadly. \"Please open the door. People have been asking where you've been. They're saying that we should have courage, and I'm really trying to. I'm here for you, sis, please let me in.\" She slid down the door, her head against it. \"We only have each other, it's just you and me. What are we going to do?\" She then whispered to herself, weakly, \"do you wanna build a snowman?\" She then started to sob against her knees. On the other side Aubrey was doing the same. She cried harder when she heard her sister's quiet sobs. Her room was frozen, snowflakes hanging in the air, suspended with grief. She wanted to open the door and comfort her sister, but she couldn't lose her either. The girls stayed grieving silently, alone on their respective sides of the door.[Chapter 3] Three years pass, the kingdom of Barden had been waiting for this day faithfully. It was coronation day. Ships were pulling up at the docks, guests were running close to the castle, all ready to see the soon to be queen. Everyone was dressed in their best clothes, that included Beca who was now twenty-one. She and Jesse were ready like everybody else, although they didn't care as much. She wanted to get back to work, ice was her passion after all. \"What do you want, Jesse,\" Beca asked her best friend. She runs her hand through his fur, he nuzzles against it like a dog. She leans forward and speaks for him, as if he could. \"Give me a snack,\" she said in a gruff voice, Jesse face reflecting what she just said. \"What's the magic word,\" she ordered. Jesse looked at her kindly. \"Please,\" she said as Jesse again. Beca laughed and pulled a carrot out of her shirt pocket, handing it to the reindeer. He tried to bite the whole thing, pulling it into his mouth. \"Hey, hey, hey,\" she shouted. \"Share!\" Jesse spit it out and took a small bite. The brunette then took a bite herself, not bothered by the reindeer slobber. She then proceeded to play with her best friend, laughing as she did. On the docks a small Duke got out. His name was Bumper of Weselton. Two thugs followed him as they walked. \"Ah, Barden,\" he sighed, \"our most mysterious trade partner. Open those gates so I may unlock your secrets and exploit your riches.\" He then realized what he just done. \"Did I say that out loud?\" He laughed awkwardly. At the castle, an eighteen-year-old Chloe was fast asleep. Her hair was disheveled, and she looked to be in an uncomfortable position. She was snoring slightly as a line of drool feel from her mouth. There were two knocks at the door. \"Princess Chloe..,\" servant called. Chloe sat up, her disheveled hair moving all over the place. She coughed and snorted, removing hair from her mouth. She was asleep, but she tried to act awake. \"Huh? Yeah,\" she replied. Lying her head against her hand. \"Sorry to wake you, ma'am but-\" \"No,\" Chloe cut him off, \"you didn't wake m. I've been up for hours.\" She started to fall asleep against her hand again, snoring slightly. Her head dropped forward making her wake up. \"Who is it?\" \"It's still me, ma'am. Time to get ready.\" Chloe's confusing rose. \"Ready for what?\" \"Your sister's coronation, ma'am.\" \"My sister's cor-neration...\" She opened one eye, catching sight of her coronation dress. She bolted wide awake, buzzing with excitement. Today was coronation day, the day everything was going to change. \"It's coronation day.\" She dressed as quickly as she could, trying to calm down from her excitement. They were opening the gates today. She was going to meet other people today. She ran out of her room. She looked at the room around and she couldn't help but sing to herself, as she did when she was alone. \" The window is open! So's that door! I didn't know they did that anymore. \" She watched the servants pass around, preparing for the day. Carrying all kind s of things for all the guests. \" Who knew we owned eighth-thousand salad plates...? \" \" For years I have roamed these empty halls Why have a ballroom with no balls? \" She slid across the ballroom. \" Finally, they're opening up the gates! \" She shook hands with a suit of armor, breaking it as she did. She looked around in fear and hide the evidence. \" There'll be actual, real life people- It'll be totally strange. But wow am I so ready for this change! \" Chloe went out a window and jumped out on the window washer's pulley. She raised herself up to see the ships arriving. \" For the first time in forever, there'll be music, there'll be light. For the first time in forever, I'll be dancing though the night. \" She walked thought the garden, following a family of geese. Her excitement still high on it's peak as she ran around. \" Don't know if I'm elated or gassy, but I'm somewhere in that zone 'cause for the first time in forever, I won't be alone. \" She crouched down to the floor. She touched the geese, grabbing a few of them in her hands. She giggled as they quaked around her. They were adorable, and the ginger loved adorable. \"I can't wait to meet everyone,\" she told the geese. Then she suddenly gasped, \"What if I meet the one?\" She ran inside. She looked at the set up for the night, she loved it. It was beautiful, they had done a wonderful job with it. \" Tonight, imagine me gown and all \" She twisted herself in a velvet drape acting like it was a gown. She acted like she looked gorgeous and ready for any man, but she looked ridiculous. \" Fetchingly draped against the wall. The picture of sophisticated grace .\" She spun the drape's sting around then she accidentally hit herself on the cheek. \"Oof.\" She looked at the bust across the room. She had no idea who that was, but it was always there. She looked at the bust all googly-eyed. \" I suddenly see him standing there, a beautiful stranger tall and fair .\" She moved next to the dessert table. Looking a all the sweets. \" I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face! \" She stood next to the bust and pretended to be in a conversation with it. \" But then we laugh and talk all evening, which is totally bizarre. Nothing like the life I've led so far, \" she sang as she danced with the bust around the room. She finished then threw the bust on top of the cake and ran out of the room. She burst into the portrait room, her high calmed down, not up for singing anymore. She looked at the paintings all around the room, most of them had something romantic in them. She couldn't wait to be in one of those scenarios. The princess used to pretend to be in those paintings when she was younger, loving the thought of being someone's, well, someone. Aubrey, now twenty-one, looked out the window as the guests arrived for her coronation. She was growing more and more nervous as time passed. \"Don't let them in, don't let them see,\" she whispered to herself. \"Be the good girl you always have to be.\" She moved from the window to look at the painting of her father at his coronation. It wasn't the same, he didn't have powers that he had to worry about. He looked very calm, but a little bit nervous. He was holding the orb and the scepter, that was what she was worried about, she didn't want to freeze them. She took of her gloves, to practice. She took a candlestick and an ornament to mimic the orb and scepter. Conceal. Don't feel. Put on a show. Make one wrong move and everyone will now, she thought. The objects began to ice over. Aubrey gasped and slammed them down the table. It was only for today, she was going to make things go back as they were after today. She put on her gloves again. She just needed to control them for today. The two sisters were feeling two very different emotions. Chloe's excitement was all over the halls while Aubrey's nervousness was tense in her room. The blonde opened her doors and ordered, \"Tell the guards to open up the gates!\" Chloe cheered when the gates opened. She ran out, interacting with the people who were passing by. She loved the look of joy on people's faces as they went inside. She took it all in, it was the only day she had to socialize and have a good time. She ran outside the castle into the village square. As she looked around, she saw all the things she had grown accustomed to seeing through her telescope. The princess looked up at the sky and took in a deep breath. She wished she could do this every day. She wasn't looking as she walked, so she slammed against something. She fell back and landed in a small wooden boat. The boat tipped of the dock, she was heading overboard. A bucket fell on her head as she fell. Suddenly, a horse slammed his hoof into the boat and steadied it. \"Hey,\" she cried, frustrated. She took the bucket off her head. A hand extended in front of her. 'I'm so sorry. Are you hurt,\" he asked. Chloe looked up and saw the man, he was handsome and held himself regally. She had never seen anyone like that, was this the prince she was waiting for all her life. \"Hey. I-ya, no. No. I'm okay.\" She felt herself blush. She had never felt anything like this before. \"Are you sure?\" \"Yeah, I just wasn't looking where I was going, but I'm okay.\" He stepped closer to her. \"I'm great actually.\" \"Oh, thank goodness,\" he sighed. Their eyes met, green and blue. The ginger felt a pull she had never felt before, it almost felt right. He helped her to her feet. She was giggling like crazy. \"Prince Chicago of the Southern Isles,\" he bowed. The princess felt a rush when he said he was a prince, it felt exciting. \"Princess Chloe of Barden,\" she curtsied. \"Princess,\" he questioned. \"My lady,\" He dropped to his knees and bowed his head. The horse bowed as well, curling his hoof up and out of the boat. The boat tipped, making Chicago tumble on top Chloe, awkwardly. \"Hi... again.\" She felt a bit weird being close to him, but not a good weird like she hoped to feel. She still liked his company, so it wasn't that bad. The horse slammed his hoof back into the boat to stabilize it, again. The two royals tumbled the other way, but this time Chloe fell on top of the prince. \"Oh boy,\" he whispered. Chloe turned as red as her hair, this was very embarrassing. \"Ha. This is awkward,\" she stumbled. He started to get up. \"Not you're awkward, but because we'r-\" She pointed between them as Chicago helped her up. \"I'm awkward. You're gorgeous.\" Did she say that out loud? \"Wait, what?\" Chicago quickly got up to his feet and helped Chloe up, again. \"I'd like to formally apologize for hitting the Princess of Barden with my horse... and for every moment after.\" He inclined his head and then smiled charmingly. \"No. No-no,\" Chloe proclaimed. \"It's fine. I'm not THAT Princess. I mean, if you 'd hit my sister Aubrey, that would be- yeash! 'Cuz, you know...\" She went towards the horse, smiling at it. She patted its head. \"Hello.\" She turned to Chicago again. \"But lucky you, it's-it's just me.\" \"Just you,\" he said, confused. He smiled at her, he was very amused. She smiled back. They just stared at each other like a bunch of idiots. The bells of the castle started ringing, but Chloe didn't notice as she was captivated by the man's handsomeness. \"... The bells. The coronation. I-I-I better go. I have to... I better go,\" Chloe stuttered. She hurried off, then stopped, and turned back, giving Chicago a little wave. \"Bye!\" As she rushed off again, Chicago waved back. The horse waved too, once again taking his hoof of the boat. \"Oh no,\" Chicago whispered. The boat fell with Hans in it. It landed upside down in the water. He raised the boat off himself, gasping for air.[Chapter 4] The coronation started in the Church Chapel. Aubrey was standing at the alter, ready for what was to come. Chloe was off to the side, peeking out to the audience. Chicago waved at her from the pews, making her smile. The crown was placed on Aubrey's head. She was very nervous, she kept thinking about freezing the scepter and orb. They were on a pillow before her. She slowly reached for them. \"Your Majesty, the gloves,\" the bishop whispered. Aubrey looked at her hands, she had forgotten about them. She took a deep breath, still very afraid, and slowly took them off. She hesitated before taking the orb and scepter, but then she grabbed them quickly, hands shaking. She turned to her people. \"Sehm hon hell-drr in-um hell-gum ayg-num ok krund ee thes-um hell-gah stahth, ehk teh frahm fur-ear u-thear...,\" the bishop said in Old Norse. She felt herself getting more and more nervous by the second. She starts to feel the orb and scepter start to freeze over. She thought this was it, this was when people were going to know the truth. \"...Queen Aubrey of Barden,\" the bishop exclaimed. \"Queen Aubrey of Barden,\" the crowd responded with enthusiasm. Chloe hollered for her sister, she was thrilled. Aubrey set down the orb and scepter back on the pillow, just in time before anymore noticed the ice. She picked up her gloves and slipped them on. She did it. She was done for now, all she needed to do now was try and keep away from as many people as she could. Later that night, music filled the Great Hall. Guests were dancing, eating, and laughing. The trumpets sung. \"Queen Aubrey of Barden,\" their servant, Benji, announced. Aubrey entered, poised and looking surprisingly content. She stood unfer a formal awning. \"Princess Chloe of Barden,\" Benji announced, again. Chloe stumbled into the room and waved awkwardly. Benji ushered her over to stand next to her sister. \"Here? Are you sure,\" she asked him. He left, ignoring her completely. The sisters sneaked awkward glances at each other. They hadn't seen each other in over ten years. Chloe was wondering what to say, same for Aubrey. \"...Hi,\" the blonde broke the silence. Chloe looked at her and then behind her. \"Hi me...,\" she asked awkwardly. Aubrey nodded. \"Oh, um hi.\" She waved awkwardly at the now queen. \"You look beautiful,\" the older woman commented. Chloe blushed. \"Thank you. you look beautifuller. I mean, not fuller. You don't look fuller, but more beautiful,\" the ginger rambled. She cleared her throat, trying to divert from her awkward ramble. Aubrey chuckled. \"Thank you.\" There was a silence. Both of them looked at the party. \"So, this is what a party looks like?\" \"It's warmer than I thought,\" Chloe giggled. \"And what is that amazing smell?\" They both closed their eyes and inhaled. The sweet smell filling up their nostrils. \"Chocolate,\" they said in unison. They open their eyes and start laughing together. Aubrey looked back to the party, but Chloe looked at her sister. She had so many things she wanted to say to her, but she can't think of where or how to start. When she finds her way, Benji interrupts. \"Your Majesty,\" he bows. \"The Duke of Weaseltown.\" A tiny man approached the two sisters. Bowing respectively. \"Weselton,\" he argued. \"The Duke of Weselton.\" He turned to the queen. \"Your Majesty, as your closet partner in trade, it seems only fitting that I offer you your first dance as queen.\" The Duke did a funny flitter of his feet along with a few weird dance moves, scaring the royal sisters, slightly. \"One, two, three. Jump.\" He was in a deep bow, his hand out, head down, toupee out of his head. Chloe giggled, not being able to hold it in. Aubrey looked at her sister, stifling a giggle herself. \"Thank you... only I don't dance.\" Chloe tilted her head at her sister, confused as to what she was saying. \"Oh,\" Bumper asked clearly offended. \"But my sister does,\" she replied. She was hiding her amusement from her sister. The Princess looked at the blonde shocked. \"What,\" she exclaimed. \"Lucky you,\" Bumper said. \"Oh, I don't think-\" Chloe got cut off by the Duke grabbing her arm and yanking her to the dance floor before she could protest. \"If you swoon, let me know, I'll catch you,\" he advised. The ginger looked at her sister, desperately. She needed an out. \"Sorry,\" the Queen mouthed to her sister. The Duke did a bunch of funny moves around Chloe, making a little scared. He was making moves that the ginger didn't know where humanly possible. He was so awful and so close to her, she hated the entire thing. She tried to make the best of it by thinking about the hunky prince she met before, but it wasn't working that much. \"Like an agile peacock... Cluck-cluggle-cluck,\" he shouted. Chloe looked at him strangely. He landed on her feet, making her wince. \"Ow, ow, ow,\" she mumbled. \"Speaking of, so great to have the gates open. Why did they shut them in the first place? Do you know the reason? Hmmm...\" He got really close to her face, suspicion in his eyes. Chloe was confused, but she tried to be normal about it. \"No...\" He eyed her, trying to figure out the truth. \"Oh, all right.\" He let it go, they continued dancing or whatever it was. \"Hang on. they don't call me the little dipper for nothing.\" He spun Chloe and then dipped her. Aubrey peaked at the crowd, barely holding in her laughter. Chloe kept shooting her sister 'help me' looks, that were ignored. They finished dancing, much to Chloe's happiness. She started to limp back towards her sister, a little bit winded. \"Let me know when you're ready for another round, m'lady,\" Bumper shouted after her. \"Well, he was sprightly,\" Aubrey laughed. Chloe reached towards her feet, rubbing them. \"Especially for a man in heels,\" the younger girl sighed. \"Are you okay?\" \"I've never been better. This is so nice. I wish it could be like this all the time.\" Chloe was loving talking to her sister. They hadn't talked in so long and talking now felt so right. She smiled at all the people that were dancing. \"Me too,\" Aubrey said. She slumped slightly at the thought of never having a party again, but it couldn't happen. She stiffened and looked away from her sister. \"But it can't.\" \"Why not? If-\" \"It just can't,\" Aubrey cut her sister off. Chloe's smile drops and she tires her hardest not to cry. The blonde felt guilty for hurting her sister. She opened her mouth to apologize, but Chloe spoke first. \"Excuse me for a minute,\" Chloe said. She walked away. The queen watched her sister go, she felt sad for hurting her sister. As she pushed her way through the crowd, the princess bumped nito a bowing man's butt. She fell, but before she hit the floor, she was caught. She looks up to see Chicago who was smiling at her. He looked perfect to her. \"Glad I caught you,\" he teased. \"Chicago,\" Chloe smiled. Chicago held her, and then led her to the dance floor where they shared a romantic dance. They hung out for a while. Talking and learning about each other. Laughing and just spending time together, it was Chloe always dreamed about. She couldn't wait to marry him, she was sure she was going to. They were sitting in the balcony, still talking and having fun together. \"What's this,\" he asked, pointing to her white streak. \"I was born with it,\" Chloe said, a little insecure, \"although, I dreamt I was kissed by a troll.\" She tried to hide it, but he grabbed her hand and stopped her. He brushed strand with his hand. Chloe blushed. \"I like it,\" he smiled. They laugh and start to make jokes at each other, having a good time. \"Okay wait, wait,\" Chloe's laughs calming down. \"So, you have how many brothers?\" Chicago calmed down his laughs too. \"Twelve older brothers,\" he told Chloe. She let out a small wow. \"Three of them pretended I was invisible... literally... for two years.\" \"That's horrible,\" Chloe gasped. Chicago waved his hand to dismiss her reaction. He didn't seem to think it was a big deal, but Chloe found it completely wrong, she went through the same her her life, sort of. \"It's what brothers do,\" he shrugged. \"And sisters,\" Chloe added. He looked at her, listening. Chloe loved having all his attention, she had never received any while she was growing up. \"Aubrey and I were really close when we were little. But then, one day she just shut me our, and I never knew why.\" She looked down, feeling all that sadness flow back. It dialed down when she felt a hand take hers. \"I would never shut you out.\" He leaned towards her. Chloe felt a little suffocated for a second. She leaned back a little. \"Okay, can I just say something crazy?\" \"I love crazy.\" She jumped off the ledge they were sitting on. \"All my life had been a series of doors in my face.\" She closed the door and turned to the prince. \"And then suddenly I bump in to you.\" He smiled at her. \"I was thinking the same thing. I've been searching my whole life to find my own place, and maybe it's the party talking or the chocolate fondue.\" He stroked her cheek, leaning in. The red head giggled and moved away from him. \"It's like we were meant to meet, meant to be with each other. You're so different from everybody I've met.\" \"Can I just say something crazy,\" he asked. Chloe nodded. \"Will you marry me?\" He got down on one knee. Chloe gasped, she couldn't believe it. It was all happening so fast, it didn't feel right, but yet again, Chloe didn't care much. \"Can I just say something even crazier? Yes!\" Chloe pushed through the crowd, Chicago in tow. She on the way to see her sister and ask her for her blessing. She felt overjoyed with the news, but there was something gnawing in the back of her mind which she decided to ignore. She could feel that growing little by little, it was going to be a problem in the future. \"Oops,\" she said as she bumped into someone. \"Pardon.\" She kept pushing through the crowd. \"Sorry.\" She stopped in front of some people. \"Can we get around you there?\" They nodded, moving to the side. \"Thank you.\" She threw them a bright smile. \"Oh, there she is! Aubrey!\" Aubrey turns towards her sister. Chloe curtsied, awkwardly. \"I mean... Queen... Me again.\" She giggled and cleared her throat. \"May I present Prince Chicago of the Southern Isles.\" The blonde gave a polite curtsy. \"So, um...\" The ginger looked between her sister and her now fiancee. \"We would like,\" she grabbed his arm. \"-your blessing,\" Chicago cut in. \"-of our marriage,\" they exclaimed at the same time, smiling at each other. Aubrey blinked, slowly. \"Marriage...,\" she inquired. The ginger nodded. \"Yes!\" She jumped slightly. \"I'm sorry, I'm confused.\" The queen looked at them with a confused expression, waiting for them to elaborate. \"Well, we haven't worked out all the details ourselves. We need a few days to plan the ceremony. Of course, we'll have soup, roast, and ice cream and then- Wait. Would we live here,\" Chloe rambled one. Aubrey tried to keep up with what her sister was saying, but she was so overwhelmed. She could feel herself start to get stressed which was not good. \"Here?\" Aubrey eyed the two again. \"Absolutely!\" Chicago beamed. \"Chloe-\" \"Oh, we can invite all twelve of your brothers to stay with us-\" Aubrey shook her head, but it went unnoticed. \"What? No, no, no, no, no,\" the blonde said. \"Of course, we have room. I don't know. Some of them must-\" \"Wait,\" Aubrey interrupted, finally catching the princess' attention. \"Slow down. No one's brothers are staying here. No one is getting married.\" Chloe blinked and shook her head. \"Wait, what?\" Aubrey took her sister's hand. \"May I talk to you, please. Alone.\" Chloe took her hand back and scowled at her sister, but the scowl wasn't powerful because of the sadness in her eyes. Chloe looks at the prince, looking at his worried face and pulls him close. \"No. Whatever you have to say, you- you can say to both of us.\" Aubrey looked between them and took a deep breath. \"Fine. You can't marry a man you just met.\" Chloe gasped. The blonde closed her eyes and waited for the fight that was about to begin. \"You can if it's true love!\" \"Chloe, what do you know about true love?\" \"More than you. All you know is how to shut people out.\" The queen felt hurt at that statement. It wasn't her decision to shut Chloe out, but it was for the best. Clearly she knew about love and sacrifice, two things involved in love. \"You asked for my blessing, but my answer is no,\" Aubrey concluded. \"Now, excuse me.\" She turned to leave, but Chicago caught her attention. \"Your Majesty, if I may ease your-\" \"No, you may not. And I-I think you should go.\" Aubrey could feel her emotions getting out of hand. She was starting to feel very overwhelmed. The thought of ice started to grow in her head and she felt scared. She walked away. She spotted the Royal Handler and ordered, \"The party is over. Close the gates.\" \"What,\" Chloe asked. She looked as her sister walked away, telling orders to close the gates. \"Aubrey, no. No, wait!\" She ran after her sister, grabbing her hand and accidentally pulling off her sister's glove. Aubrey gasped, spinning around and reaching for the glove, panicking. \"Give me my glove!\" Chloe held it away from her sister's reach. \"Aubrey, please,\" the red head begged desperately, clutching the glove in her hand. \"Please. I can't live like this anymore.\" Aubrey tried to hold her emotions back, but it wasn't working, she could feel the tears welling up in her eyes. Her sister was feeling the same way. \"Then leave...\" She looked at her sister's heartbroken blue eyes. She felt like it was too much, so she turned away and tried to ran away. At this point, the party had gotten silent as everybody was watching the two sisters. \"Enough, Chloe.\" \"No. Why? Why do you shut me out?! Why do you shut the world out?! What are you so afraid of?!\" Chloe's voice was cracking as she yelled at her sister. She felt very hurt. Then it all felt like to much to Aubrey and she snapped, \"I said, enough!\" Ice shot through her hand as she turned around, spikes forming on the floor. The people around gasped and cried out in shock, backing away. \"Sorcery,\" Bumper said from behind his men. \"I knew there was something dubious going on here.\" \"Aubrey...,\" Chloe said. She was confused as to what had happened, she didn't know about her sisters powers. It made her head hurt slightly. She didn't know what to do. She instantly felt guilty for pushing her sister too much. The blonde rushed out of the room. Panic filling every bone in her body. She ran to the courtyard, bursting through the door. That caused everyone to look at her, making her even more overwhelmed as the people cheered. She ducked through the crowd, holding her bare hand. She backed away from the citizens, knocking into the fountain grabbing the edge. The water froze, making her powers known to the other citizens of Barden. \"There she is! Stop her,\" Bumper exclaimed. Aubrey gasped and started to run away. \"Please, just stay away from me,\" she told him. \"Stay away!\" Magic shot out of her hands on accident and froze the staircase. The crowd panic as a snowstorm begins to form as Aubrey fled. Chloe ran out of the palace door, still carrying her sister's glove. \"Aubrey,\" she called out. Chicago was close by her as she ran. Aubrey ran over the shoreline, freezing the water as she ran on it. Chloe started to call her. \"Aubrey! Wait, please!\" The blonde glanced back at her sister, but then turned away. \"Aubrey, stop!\" The princess ran over to where her sister was, slipping in the process. \"Chloe,\" Chicago said. He rushed towards her side. \"No,\" Chloe whispered to herself as she saw her sister's form get farther away.[Chapter 5] Aubrey was walking in the cold mountain, alone. Alone like she was so used to being, but this time it felt different. She was afraid of what she was doing, of what she caused back at Barden. Things like that were the reason she kept hidden all her life. It was all so overwhelming, all these powers she was taught to suppress all her life. At that she thought of her parents, were they disappointed in her for losing control. Did they lose all the happiness they gained from watching her become queen? She hoped not. She looked back where she came from seeing all the ice she left in her trail up the mountain. Why was she cursed with such powers? It wasn't fair that she couldn't live a normal life the rest of the people around. She hoped no one got hurt back there, if so, she would never forgive herself. Wait, what about Chloe? Yeah, they had fought, all sisters do, but she was still worried. All this time without seeing her and the first time they see each other in over ten years, she ruins the reunion. She's just a disaster waiting to strike, no matter what she does to prevent it. Aubrey really thought she was going to be okay through this day and maybe just maybe keep the door open to her sister, but after all this, she could never face her again. She started walking again and then she realized, she was free. No more closed gates, no more closed doors, no more concealing. She was finally free of all the pain and sadness she went through in her life. The Queen could finally be herself without the judgement of other people. She could use her powers however she wanted to use them, and no one could tell her it was wrong or tell her they were afraid. She was finally free to do whatever she wanted. She started walking again, more confidence in her step. She moved her hands, making snowflakes as she opened her palms. She smiled at her magic. She finally was starting to see it as somewhat of a gift instead of a problem like she had always thought. She felt the snow under her feet growing. Then Aubrey thought of a phrase that she had heard all through her time growing up in her room. Do you want to build a snow man? *Flashback* \"You know,\" a young Aubrey said to her little sister, \"there's a recipe to making a proper snowman.\" The girls were in the ballroom, breaking all the rules their parents had set for them, but it was for fun as Chloe said. \"Really,\" Chloe replied, her eyes shining in innocent curiosity. \"Uh huh.\" The blonde nodded. Chloe smiled and waited for her sister to explain. \"A little bit of you,\" she motioned towards her sister then towards herself, \"a little bit of me. A part that loves to dream.\" \"A part that swings from a tree,\" Chloe exclaimed. \"I think I'm getting it!\" She hopped next to her sister, overly excited. \"A little bit like you, a little bit like me!\" \"A part that's nice.\" \"A part that's naughty too.\" The two sisters laughed. They were having their innocent fun, even if their parents didn't see it that way. \"A loyal friend no matter what.\" The older girl nodded. She started to make and shape the snowman. The red head looked at it with excitement and wonder. \"A big round belly.\" She shaped the body. \"Don't forget it's big bouncy butt.\" Chloe jumped excitedly. Aubrey motioned for her little sister to go towards her to help her. They started to make him together, laughing as they did. The two sisters were having so much fun. Chloe had begged far too much to be able to be playing that night as they were scolded far too much already. \"He'll love warm hugs and the bright sun.\" \"And he'll really love summer!\" The youngest princess jumped, almost tumbling the snowman down. Aubrey held her still, laughing as she did. \"But he'll melt,\" the blonde pointed out. \"Yeah, you're right.\" Chloe stayed silent, but then she lit up again. \"Oh! So, we'll built it back together!\" Aubrey smiled. \"Yes, together, that's the key. A little bit of you and me.\" The girls laughed and finished the snowman. They admired their work. Chloe looked at the snowman with a giant smile on her face, she was so happy. \"Okay, time for bed!\" Chloe gasped. \"What? No! Time for more magic, please and thank you!\" Aubrey rolled her eyes at her little sister's persistence. Chloe looked like she wasn't going to give up on what she had said. She had her arms crossed and a scowl on her face. \"Chloe, you know I'm not supposed to even be doing this!\" Chloe pouted and held her sister's hand, so she couldn't move. \"But your magic is the most beautiful, wonderful, perfectful thing in the whole wide world!\" The oldest princess' heart softened at her sister's words, she didn't Chloe felt that way about her magic. Although, she could be saying to stay up and keep playing. \"Do you really think so?\" \"Yes! So, do it, please, before I burst from inside to outside!\" Chloe was jumping as she said it. Aubrey stopped her, laughing. \"Okay, okay, don't burst.\" Aubrey shot her magic through the whole room once again for the second time that night. \"Whoa!\" They kept playing. Then Chloe decided to start jumping on snow piles. \"Chloe!\" She screamed as she hit her sister in the head. *End of Flashback* She shook her head out of those negative thoughts and just thought of the fun the two had that night. A little bit of you, a little bit of me. She waved her hands and created a snowman, the same snowman her sister and her created over ten years ago. Aubrey missed those times, but it was for the best. She created a staircase, running up the stairs. She settled on the mountain. As she looked around the empty space, she noticed that it was a good place to live in. She needed a home after all. Aubrey stomped on the ground created a base. She moved her hands and arms, creating walls. She felt her power flourishing through the air as she made her ice castle. She finished making her castle. There were thing missing obviously, but she would cover that later. She let her hair out and made herself a new dress. She walked outside and looked at Barden, her kingdom. She felt empty as she looked at it. She was never going back there, no matter what. She felt new and rejuvenated as she stood in her new ice castle. Aubrey was finally happy, away from all the stress that boiled up inside her and made her want to puke. The Queen smiled to herself and muttered, \"The cold never bothered me anyway.\" Chloe saw her sister run away and all she felt was guilt. All of it was her fault. Her sister freaking out, the ice shooting out of her hand because she removed the glove, all of it. There was ice spreading all around the fjord, locking the ships in place. Plus, the plaza was starting to freeze too. What had she cause? The it started snowing. Chloe gasped looking around. \"Snow,\" a guard said. \"It's... snow... in July.\" He caught some of it in his hand in disbelief. \"Are you alright,\" Chicago asked her. She wasn't processing yet, she didn't feel okay. \"No,\" she replied, still in shock. The Princess kept looking around the plaza. \"Did you know?\" \"No.\" She shook her head. She felt like crying, but it didn't feel very appropriate. Everyone was panicking, and her crying wouldn't help. \"Look,\" the Duke exclaimed. \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" He told the people around. Chloe looked at him unsure of what to do. \"The Queen has cursed this land! She must be stopped\" He turned to his goons. \"You have to go after her.\" Chloe rushed towards him. \"Wait, no!\" Bumper hid behind his goons as he saw the red head approaching. He pointed at her. \"You! Is there sorcery in you, too? Are you a monster, too?\" Chloe stopped. Did he call her sister a monster? Wait, he also called her a monster. \"No. No. I'm completely normal and-\" She was cut off by Chicago. \"That's right she is...\" Chloe looked at him. \"in the best way of course.\" He smiled at her, but she just looked at him, expressionless. \"And my sister's not a monster!\" The Duke scoffed. Chloe crossed her arm, she felt so close to losing it and punching that man. \"She nearly killed me!\" \"You slipped on ice,\" Chicago defended. Chloe was grateful for that. \"Her ice!\" The Princess rolled her eyes and put a hand to her head. She felt headache coming on and she was so close to tears again. \"It was an accident,\" Chloe said. \"She was scared. She didn't mean it. She didn't mean any of this,\" she gestured around. \"Tonight, was my fault. I pushed her. So, I'm the one that needs to go after her.\" Chicago was nodding along until she mentioned that she was going to get her sister. \"Yes,\" Bumper agreed. \"Fine. Do.\" \"What,\" the Prince said. \"Bring me my horse, please,\" the red head ordered. She saw the Royal Handler rush away. \"Chloe, no. It's too dangerous.\" Chloe shook her head. \"Aubrey's not dangerous. I'll bring her back, and I'll make this right.\" She took her horse and said a small thanks to the Royal Handler. \"I'm coming with you.\" \"No, I need you here to take care of Barden.\" He sighed and nodded. \"On my honor.\" She smiled at him. She put on her cloak and hopped on her horse, in all her coronation outfit. \"I leave Prince Chicago in charge!\" The crowd whispered around. Chloe went to snap the reigns, but Chicago stopped her. She was so close to losing it and although he was being sweet, he was going to be a reason for her to snap. \"She's my sister, she would never hurt me.\" She snapped the reins and started to ride out. She was going to apologize to her sister and she was going to come back and make things right. Chloe didn't think too much of consequences, but right now she wished she had back there. She also wished she had known of her sister's powers, but that's all in the past now. She was just going to think about bringing her back to bring summer back.[Chapter 6] As she went up the mountain, Chloe felt the cold seeping into her skin, making her uncomfortable. Her horse was having trouble riding through the snow, as it was two feet deep. She shivered as she kept riding. \"Aubrey,\" she yelled, her voice quivering. \"Aubrey! It's me, Chloe,\" she shivered, \"your sister who didn't meant to make you freeze the summer. I'm sorry. It's all my f-f-f-f-f-fault.\" They kept riding as it got colder and colder by the minute. Chloe and the horse struggled through a tree area. There was a sudden wolf howl. \"Of course, none of this would've happened if she'd just told me her secret... ha... she's a stinker.\" A branch from a nearby tree snapped and startled the horse. Chloe flied off, landing face down in the snow. She sat up, spitting out the snow. The horse then ran away. \"Oh no. No. No. No. Come back. No. No. No. No...\" She saw he wasn't coming back. \"Oo-kay.\" She grabbed a branch and tried to pull herself to her feet, but the tree snapped upright and released all its snow on to her. Chloe groaned. She stood up and started to walk under the Northern Lights. She walked up the hill, struggling and getting out of breath. It was terrible to try to breath with all the cold around her. She felt like it was squeezing her lungs. \"Snow,\" Chloe cursed, \"it had to be snow, she couldn't have had tr-tr-tropical magic that covered the f-f-fjord in white sand and warm-\" She looked up and saw smoke rising in the distance. \"Fire!\" She got excited all the sudden, but it went away when she felt her foot slip. She tumbled down the hill, landing in an icy stream. \"Cold, cold, cold, cold, cold...\" Her dress was frozen, stiff. She shook of the snow of herself and off the sign in front of her. \"Wandering Pieter's Trading Post.\" The sign shook, and snow fell, revealing a smaller sign. \"Ooh! And Sauna...\" She stepped thought the door cautiously, she didn't know what to expect. The door hit her butt and knocked her into the center of the shop. It hurt a little, but it helped that her butt was completely frozen. She looked around, only seeing summer supplies. \"Hoo hoo,\" she heard a voice say. She looked up to see a man sitting behind the counter. She guessed it was Pieter. He was tapping his fingers against the counter. \"Big summer blow out. Half-off swimming suits, clogs, and a sun balm of my own invention, yah?\" His accent was thick around his words making it a little hard for Chloe to understand. \"Oh, great,\" Chloe said. \"For now, how about boots. Winter boots... and dresses?\" \"That would be in our winter department,\" he replied, slightly disappointed. The red head looked towards where the man was pointing, her face falling as she only saw one outfit, a pick ax, and a lonely pair of boots. She then thought about asking about her sister, maybe he saw something. \"Oh.\" She started walking towards the winter department. \"Um, I was just wondering; has another young woman, the Queen perhaps,\" she picked up the clothes, fiddling with the fabric in her hands, \"I don't know, passed through here?\" She took the things in her hands and walked towards the counter again. \"Only one crazy enough to be out in this storm is you, dear?\" Chloe felt somewhat offended at that statement and also disappointed to hear that her sister hadn't passed by. The front door swung open, revealing a woman covered in ice. She shook of the ice on her clothes and removed her hat. The Princess felt as she had seen that girl before. Then she remembered, it was reindeer girl, she looked so grown up. \"You and this woman.\" Said woman looked up. \"Hoo hoo. Big summer blow out.\" Reindeer girl walked over to where Chloe was, stepping right in front of her. \"Carrots,\" she said, right into the red heads face. \"Huh.\" Chloe scrunched up her face in question. \"Behind you,\" the brunette replied, pointing at the counter. Chloe let out an awkward laugh. \"Oh, right. Excuse me.\" Feeling as awkward as ever, she moved out of the way. She watched as reindeer girl. well woman, grabbed a bunch of carrots and tossed them om the counter then left to get other supplied. \"A real howler in July, yah,\" Pieter asked the woman. \"Where ever could it be coming from?\" \"The North Mountain,\" she replied, completely unfazed. Chloe's ear pricked up as she heard the new information. \"The North Mountain,\" the Princess whispered to herself. She looked back at the counter to see if she could gather new information. \"That'll be forty, \" Pierter told the brunette after counting the items' prices. \"Forty? No, ten,\" she negotiated. Pierter clasped his hands together, trying to be as good as he could be. \"Oh dear, that's no good. See these are from our winter stock, where supply and demand have a big problem.\" He was trying to remain as sweet as he could be, but the woman wasn't having it. \"You want to talk about a supply and demand problem? I sell ice for a living.\" She pointed outside where her sled was filled with ice and covered in snow. Chloe cringed at that, it was a huge problem for the poor woman. \"Ooh, that's a rough business to be in right now,\" Chloe butt in to the conversation. The brunette looked at her, a serious expression on her face. \"I mean, that is really,\" she shot her a glare and Chloe cleared her throat, \"Ahem. That's unfortunate.\" \"Still forty,\" Pieter continued. \"But I will throw in a visit to Pieter's sauna. Hoo hoo! Hi family!\" He looked the family. Chloe and the woman turned towards the direction of the sauna to see a family waving. \"Hoo hoo,\" they all said. The women shared a look then turned back towards the sails-man. \"Ten's all I got,\" the stranger said, disappointingly. \"Help me out.\" Pieter took the carrots and isolated them from the rest of the supplies. \"Ten will get you this,\" he gestured at the carrots, \"and no more.\" The brunette took a deep breath. The red head was trying to think about the North Mountain while she watched the exchange between the other two. She couldn't get her mind to work, so she decided to ask. \"Okay,\" she said to the reindeer woman, \"just tell me one thing; what was happening on the North Mountain? Did it see magical?\" The woman turned to the Princess, rolling her eyes. \"Yes,\" she answered, firmly. \"Now, back up while I deal with this crook here.\" Pieter stood up, his face hurt, and also reveling his six-foot stature. \"What did you just call me,\" he said. Both women's eyes widened. Chloe looked at the brunette who was frozen to her spot. Pieter slung reindeer girl over his shoulder and threw her out of the door. \"Bye bye,\" he said. He slammed the door. Beca sat up, rubbing her head. She saw Jesse canter over to her. He started to nudge her arm, expectantly. \"No Jess, I didn't get your carrots,\" she told him. Jesse huffed her face in annoyance. Beca frowned and looked around. She spots a barn in the distance. It's old, but it works. \"But I did find us a place to sleep. And it's free.\" She motioned Jesse to follow her. They set up a small pile of hay to work as a bed, so they could rest for the next day. Beca laid down and took out her lute. She tuned it and shuffled close to Jesse. She strummed. \" Reindeers are better than people. Jess, don't you think it's true?\" She looked over to her reindeer friend. \" Yeah, people will beat you and curse you and cheat you ,\" Beca lowered her voice as if she was talking through her reindeer friend. \" Every one of em's bad, except you. \" \"Oh, thanks, Buddy,\" she said, scratching behind his ear. She strummed her lute again. \" But people smell better than reindeers. Jess, don't you think I'm right. \" \" That's once again true, for all except you.\" Jesse looked at her in a smug manner, well as smug as it could get for a reindeer. \"You got me. Let's call it a night.\" \"Good Night.\" \" Don't let the frostbite bite. \" She strummed one last time then let out a breath. She closed her eyes and tried to rest. Her day hadn't been the best, especially since the whole ice storm in the middle of July ruined her business. The barn door opened, letting the breeze in. Beca groaned. \"Nice duet,\" the person commented. Beca sat up trying to see who it was. \"Oh, it's just you,\" Beca sighed. \"What do you want?\" The other woman stood up straighter and put her foot down, literally. Beca rose her eyebrow in her direction. \"I want you to take me up to the North Mountain,\" she demanded. The brunette rolled her eyes. \"I don't take people place.\" She then laid back down, closing her eyes. This woman thinks she can march in and demand things who does she thinks she is the Princess of Barden. Then again, she did look familiar. \"Let me rephrase that.\" A brown bag landed on her lap. She sat up and looked in the bag, all the supplies she wanted to buy earlier. This stranger was really eager. \"Take me up to the North Mountain... Please.\" She looked the begging woman up and down. \"Look, I know how to stop this winter.\" She thought it over for a second then lied back down, sliding her hat over her eyes. \"We leave at dawn,\" Beca informed. The other woman let out a sigh of relief. \"And you forgot the carrots for Jesse.\" Suddenly, a bag hit Beca in the face. \"Ugh! What the heck?\" \"Oops. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry,\" the ginger stammered. \"I didn't- We leave now. Right now.\" The woman left the barn. Beca took a carrot from the bag and offered it to her best pal. He took a bite, she then took one after, lost in thought. \"Let's do it,\" she told Jesse. ","Summary":" Chloe opened her eyes, a smile adorning her face. She looked out the window to see the sun rising. "},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Love Never Dies","Author":"fanwriter1245","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11468910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, after 13 consecutive Christian Bale stories, I guess it's time for me to finally move on to other places. Sad face. Oh, well, it was bound to happen eventually! Winnie Foster and Lena Bennett could not have been closer. While Lena was four years older than Winnie at age nineteen, she loved Winnie like a little sister and they could nearly always be found together. Winnie's mother considered Lena a mentor for her daughter, but to Winnie, Lena was so much more than that. Neither girl had many friends so it was a lovely change to find someone they could be so close to. Both girls agreed that the formality required of them was utterly stifling. It was exhausting having to live up to the expectations of society, it was painful to wear the horrid corsets, and it was annoying to hear Winnie's mother constantly reprimanding them, more so Winnie, for their improper behavior. Who decided what was proper and improper anyway? They would spend hours envisioning a life where they were free to live the way they wanted, free from society's rules, with a man somewhere out there to love them. School had just let out and the two girls were eager to spend some time doing something other than schoolwork. Winnie was being pushed to work on her etiquette and classical studies. Lena was being pushed to find a husband and start making a name for herself. After all, she was almost twenty and most girls her age had already been married off to someone or were about to be married off. But Lena wanted to marry someone she loved with all her heart. Not just anyone just so she could please the people around her. Lena and Winnie lied down on the grass in Winnie's front yard, looking up at the beautiful clouds. \"I want the man I marry to be as carefree as the wind,\" Winnie said. \"Someone who doesn't care about me not being proper enough.\" \"I want a man who can provide for me and some children,\" Lena replied. \"But above all, I just want someone who cares for me and loves me more than himself.\" Winnie turned to look at her as she propped her head on her arm. \"Lena, why haven't you gotten married yet? You're the right age.\" \"I just…haven't found the right person yet.\" \"How will you know if you've found him?\" \"When it comes to love, Winnie, sometimes, you just know.\" \"Winifred!\" Winnie's mother's shrill voice pierced the air. \"Lena! Get off the ground! You're getting dirty! How many times must I tell you? Lena, come help Winifred practice her piano.\" They two girls quietly groaned and then stood up to head inside the house. Winnie sat at the piano while Lena stood behind her. Every now and again, Lena would gently push on Winnie's shoulders to get them to relax. She tended to tense up a lot when she played, but Lena knew that was a result of trying to please her mother. \"Very good, Winnie,\" Lena told her when the song was done. \"But make sure you relax your shoulders and keep a steady tempo throughout.\" If anyone else gave her instructions like that, Winnie might've rolled her eyes and completely ignored them. But she knew that Lena hated doing this just as much as she did. And for that reason, she actually did what she was told. \"Winifred,\" Winnie's mother said. \"Take a seat please.\" Winnie got up from the piano bench and sat across from her parents while Lena stood by her side. \"There's something we need to talk to you about,\" her father told her. \"A proper education gains one entré into society.\" \"Your mother and I have given this a great deal of thought.\" \"Middlehouse Academy for Girls in Pensford has an excellent reputation.\" Lena felt her mouth go dry. Middlehouse was 500 miles away from Treegap. She would hardly ever see the little girl she called her best friend. How was she supposed to live in this awful place without her? Who else was there to talk to about the awful expectations of society? \"Middlehouse?\" Winnie said horrified. \"But that's a terrible place. Everyone says so. It's like a jail.\" \"Nonsense!\" her mother insisted. \"Girls emerge from there as refined young ladies, well-versed in etiquette and manners, both of which you are sorely lacking.\" \"But I don't want to be one of those girls.\" \"Which is precisely why you must go.\" \"I want to stay here with Lena.\" \"Lena is past school age now and will remain in Treegap to try to find a husband and start making a living. But I cannot let your unbridled nature ruin your chances for a respectable future.\" \"Winifred,\" her father said apologetically. \"I'm sorry. But we have to do what's best for you.\" Winnie looked up at Lena and then back at her parents. \"I won't do it,\" she said firmly as she stood up. \"I'm not like those girls. I won't go!\" \"Winifred!\" her mother said in a berating tone. \"I won't go!\" \"Winnie!\" Lena called. She ran after the girl and saw her take off outside the fence of her house. It was a while before Winnie finally stopped running and Lena caught up with her. \"Winnie! What are you doing?\" \"You heard them! They want to send me away from Treegap! Away from you!\" \"Running away isn't the answer. Let's just go back and talk about this reasonably.\" \"Can we please just stay out a little longer? I've never been in these woods before. It's so…peaceful.\" Lena wasn't going to deny that Winnie was right. These woods were beautiful and neither of them had ever set foot in them before, thanks to always being busy with lessons. \"Alright,\" she conceded. \"Just a few minutes longer and then we will return to talk about this whole mess.\" The girls walked in silence, letting the crunch of the leaves below their feet be the only sound amongst them. Unfortunately, when they both went to turn back home, they quickly realized that neither of them had any idea how to do so. They took several twists and turns, but each one just seemed to lead them deeper into the forest. Just when they were about to lose hope, they spotted a boy drinking water from the base of a tree. He couldn't have been much younger than Lena or much older than Winnie. He was indeed quite handsome, and by the look on Winnie's face, Lena was certain she had come to the same conclusion. When the boy turned around, he froze at the sight of them. \"How long have you both been standing there?\" he asked them. \"Not long at all,\" Winnie replied. \"We were only walking past, and we…\" \"Well, you shouldn't…be in these parts of the woods. It's best you both turn around and go home.\" Winnie and Lena looked at each other, wondering why he was so nervous around them and so eager for them to leave. \"Well, go on, now, get!\" the boy ordered when he saw neither of the girls were moving. \"Excuse me,\" Winnie answered, \"but I own these woods, and we'll 'go on and get' when we want to.\" \"You own these woods?\" \"Yes, I do.\" \"What's your name?\" \"Winifred. Winnie. Foster.\" \"A Foster? Well, I'll be. Is that a fact?\" Winnie nodded her head, trying to appear part of the upper class which made Lena want to burst out laughing. This was certainly a new side of her that she hadn't seen unless it was forced on her, usually by her mother. \"You a Foster too?\" the boy asked Lena. \"No, I'm just a…friend of the family, so to speak. My name's Lena Bennett.\" \"Well, Winnie Foster and Lena Bennett, like I was saying you need to turn around and go home.\" \"It just so happens that we were on our way home before you made your rude suggestion and we would be happy to continue on our way. If we only knew which way to go…\" Winnie said sheepishly. \"In other words, you're lost?\" the boy asked, looking like he was trying not to laugh. \"I'll point you home.\" He began to lead them away from the tree. \"I'd be much obliged,\" Winnie said politely. Then she spun around and began to walk to the tree. \"But I want a drink first.\" \"Wait! No! No!\" the boy said stopping her from walking any further. \"What?\" Winnie asked. \"You don't want that water. Uh, it's poisoned.\" \"I saw you drink some.\" \"Well, now I'm feeling sick.\" It was obvious to Lena that that was a total lie, but she couldn't help but wonder why he didn't want them drinking any of that water. What could possibly be wrong with it? \"You don't look ill,\" Winnie countered. \"Winnie,\" Lena said. \"Maybe you should listen to him.\" \"I just want some water. I'm dry as dust.\" Winnie went towards the water again, but the boy roughly grabbed her and tried to pull her away from it. \"I said leave it alone!\" \"Let go of me!\" Winnie screamed wrenching herself out of his grasp. \"My father will have you arrested!\" \"Well, you're not going to go and tell him now, are you?\" Lena looked at the boy and sighed before taking off in a sprint after her friend. \"Winnie!\" \"Hey! Come back!\" the boy called after the both of them. \"Don't run away!\" Lena finally caught up with Winnie…right as they both slammed into someone's hard chest. \"Where you going so fast, Misses?\" the man asked them as he firmly grasped both of their arms. \"Miles, wait!\" the boy cried as he caught up to the two girls. \"You know what Tuck said, Jesse,\" the man said to the boy. \"No exceptions.\" Tuck? Who was Tuck? No exceptions about what? Lena's mind was racing trying to figure out what in the world was going on. \"Help!\" Winnie screamed as she tried to get away. \"Let us go!\" \"Don't do this!\" Lena cried. \"Stop!\" The man dragged both of them away and put all three of them on a horse with Winnie in front and Lena in the middle. \"Just stay calm,\" Lena said in Winnie's ear. \"I'm not going to let anyone hurt you. I promise.\" They continued to ride for a while before coming upon a log cabin. The man, Miles, slowed the horse. \"We're stopping here,\" he said roughly. He got off first then yanked the two girls off the horse as well. \"Not a word out of either of you, hear me?\" He began dragging them towards the house as Winnie tried to squirm out of his grasp. \"Miles!\" an older woman exclaimed as she ran over to them. \"What are you doing? Let the poor girls go!\" Miles released them and Winnie collapsed onto the ground. Lena quickly went next to her and put her arm around her while her other hand squeezed Winnie's. \"There's no reason to be frightened, young ladies!\" the woman insisted. \"I caught them at the spring with Jesse. She's a Foster, and the other one's a friend of theirs.\" \"Oh, Lord. It's finally happened.\" \"I want to go home, please, I want to go home!\" Winnie begged. Lena looked up at Miles and could've sworn that a brief flash of guilt crossed his face for taking the both of them, but it was gone just as fast if it had even been there at all. Lena began quickly studying him and came to the conclusion that he couldn't be much older than she was. He looked angry, but she could also see that he had a sadness in his eyes that could only be seen if one looked hard enough. \"There, there, child. Please don't cry,\" the woman said in the tenderest voice Lena had ever heard as she came down to their eye level. \"We're not bad people. We'll take you both home just as soon as we can. I promise.\" The woman stood up and faced Miles. \"Miles, go find your father. He's across the lake. He'll know what to do with them.\" \"Tell Jesse I'm going to fix that mouth of his,\" Miles said as he led the horse away. Lena sent him a death glare that he managed to catch before he was out of their sight. Lena rubbed Winnie's shoulder and held her close to her. The woman took out a little music box and began playing it. \"I've heard that,\" Winnie mumbled. \"Have you?\" the woman asked with a smile. \"It's my little music box. I found it in the forest one day. Just waiting for me, I expect. I've had it a long, long time. I put my baby boys to bed with it every night. Gave 'em such sweet dreams.\" Winnie looked about ready to burst into tears. Lena continued to hold her so she would feel safe. \"You're going to be okay,\" she said quietly. \"No one is going to hurt you.\" Winnie rested her head on Lena's shoulder and Lena could just barely make out a few tiny sobs. Her hand rubbed Winnie's tangled hair softly. She looked over at the woman and saw her smiling at her kind actions towards the poor, frightened girl.[Chapter 2] The woman, who introduced herself as Mae Tuck, brought the two girls into the house. \"I'm sure my boys didn't mean either of you any harm,\" she said as she brought them some water. Lena had never experienced such kindness from someone in a long time. The way she spoke just made her feel so at ease despite the situation. \"Then why did they bring us here this way?\" Winnie asked. \"Why are we here?\" Mae sighed. \"You have every right to be upset. And I know your families must be worried sick about you.\" Lena scoffed lightly and it looked like Mae was about to question her, but the sound of the door opening caught their attention. Winnie jumped a little and a frightened look crossed her face, so Lena wrapped her arm around her once more. \"Where are the children?\" a male voice asked. A man, whom Lena assumed was the father, came in followed by Miles then Jesse. They all looked over and stared at the two girls. \"They're no children, Angus,\" Mae said to him. Angus Tuck came over to them and knelt down a bit to their eye level. Both girls felt very uncomfortable under his intense gaze. The family gathered together and started talking in hushed whispers. Lena could only make out a few words here and there, but she did manage to guess that she and Winnie knew something they weren't supposed to. \"Know what?\" Winnie asked. \"Winnie,\" Lena said quietly. She knew that in these kinds of situations, one probably shouldn't speak unless spoken to. \"Miss Foster, Miss Bennett, this is my husband, Angus Tuck. Angus, meet Miss Foster and Miss Bennett.\" Angus walked over to them again. \"Hello, Miss Foster,\" he said, extending his hand. Winnie made no move to take it, so he held his hand out to Lena. \"Miss Bennett.\" Lena hesitantly shook his hand lightly, trying to appear at least a little polite considering she was older and it was expected of her. \"They're the most important event that's taken place in this house in eighty years.\" Lena's brow furrowed. Eighty years? Surely there must've been some other people living in the house before them if that was the case. Angus Tuck couldn't have been over fifty. \"You hungry?\" he asked. \"Oh, well, let's all eat,\" Mae said with a smile. Lena looked over at Winnie who was sitting there with an overwhelmed expression on her face. She gave her shoulder a comforting squeeze, then noticed that Jesse was smiling at Winnie. Broadly, at that. And there was this look in his eye that did not go unnoticed by Lena. She and Winnie slowly got up and made their way to the table where everyone began setting out dishes. To Lena's disdain, she was forced to sit next to Miles while Winnie sat next to Jesse. Mae set a plate in front of the two girls and they began passing food around. Winnie made no move to eat anything, but Lena wasn't going to pass up the chance for food, especially since it all smelled amazing. She took very, very small portions and ate quite slowly so as not to upset anyone by taking too much. \"Jesse, pass your mother a plate, please,\" Angus told his son. \"Where's the fish?\" Jesse asked. \"Oh, they weren't biting for some reason,\" Mae said. \"Cause Pa can't fish?\" he joked. \"Don't matter. There's plenty.\" Mae brought out some more food, and Lena took a little bit more. \"I catch fish,\" Angus said. \"If there's no fish, there's no fish if you keep scaring the fish away.\" \"Mmm, this looks good!\" Jesse exclaimed as Mae finished setting the food out. \"Oh, isn't this nice?\" she said as she took a seat. \"Everybody sitting down together and having Miss Foster and Miss Bennett here. It's just like having a party.\" \"My father will come looking for me,\" Winnie said bluntly. Lena looked up at her and looked at her with wide eyes to try to make her stop talking. If there was anything not to say to a family of kidnappers, that was at the very top of the list. \"Your father will cut down the entire forest the way things are changing around here,\" Angus said to her. \"Make himself a very rich man.\" \"Oh, now, let's not ruin a perfectly good meal with a lot of talk,\" Mae said. \"My father has plenty of money,\" Winnie continued. \"He'll pay. Anything you want.\" \"We don't want your father's money, Miss Foster,\" Angus answered. \"Then let us go home.\" \"We will,\" Mae said tenderly. \"We'll let you both go home. Just like I promised.\" \"Directly,\" Angus added. \"We'll need to be able to trust them first before we're sending them back to their folks.\" \"Trust them?\" Miles exclaimed angrily. \"We can't trust them. Or any normal people. They'll turn on us in a second.\" Normal people? What made the girls normal and the family not normal? Lena was beyond confused about what was going on here. It seemed like every minute, a thousand more questions formed in her mind. \"No, they won't,\" Jesse said quietly, but adamantly. Miles glared at the boy. \"You're a fool. You don't even realize what you've done here.\" He angrily got up from his seat and left the house. Despite it all, Lena noticed that a lot of the tension seemed to die down when he went away. And it was getting stressful sitting next to the person who had taken them in the first place. She still didn't know why exactly they had been taken. What was the point of all this? She had so many questions. There was one thing she was most curious about though. What had happened to make Miles so hard-hearted? Mae set up a couple of makeshift beds for Winnie and Lena in the corner, then put up a blanket to give them some privacy. She handed them both a nightgown to sleep in, so they began removing their dresses. \"Angus made that cradle,\" Mae commented, noticing Winnie looking at the wooden creation. \"Brought it all the way from Scotland. Oh, it's rocked a few Tucks.\" She came down from the chair she had been standing on in order to pin up the blanket. \"There you go. The breeze off the lake will keep you both cool all night. The boys sleep up in the loft when they're home so you'll have your privacy.\" Winnie and Lena removed their top layer which revealed the corsets they had on. Mae looked at them. \"Oh, those corsets look painful. May I help one of you off with it?\" Winnie and Lena looked at each other for a second before Lena said quietly, \"If you can get mine off, I'll get Winnie's.\" Mae smiled and went to work on Lena's corset while Lena went to work on Winnie's. \"Oh, honestly, I can't understand why women torture themselves this way. It's no way to live.\" Lena allowed herself a small smile. She couldn't understand why they were forced to wear corsets either. It didn't seem right to have to wear one for the sake of beauty. \"Do you have a daughter?\" Winnie asked Mae. \"A granddaughter. And a grandson.\" She showed the two girls a picture of each of them in the locket around her neck. \"Anna and Beau. Oh, Miles loved them so.\" \"What happened?\" Lena asked. \"They died,\" Mae answered with a sigh. \"Their mother, too.\" In that moment, Lena understood why Miles was so angry all the time and why she had seen that sadness in his eyes. She couldn't imagine what it was like to lose a child, two at that, and a spouse. Miles was just so young for that to happen to him. He must've been around twenty-one or twenty-two. If that was the case, it must've been somewhat recent that this all happened to him. \"I'm afraid the good parts of Miles died along with them,\" Mae continued. \"You'll have to forgive what's left of him.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Winnie said quietly. \"Well…it's the way things are, Miss Foster. Can I call you Winnie? And Lena?\" The two girls turned to the kind woman and slowly nodded. Lena hadn't felt this kind of warmth towards her in such a long time. \"Do you have brothers and sisters, Winnie?\" Mae asked. \"No, it's only me.\" \"What about you, Lena?\" Lena's breath hitched in her throat. The truth of the matter was that her family situation was fairly complicated and she didn't feel like sharing it with a woman she had just met, no matter how nice she had been this whole time. \"I had a little brother. He died many years ago.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" Lena shook her head, signaling she wished to say no more. Winnie decided to make more conversation to get the subject off Lena, which she was more than grateful for. \"My mother decided she wanted to put all her focus on making me the perfect woman in society. I think she's taken it upon herself to do the same for Lena.\" Mae smiled. \"I decided to let my boys travel. I didn't want them to be bound down by society's rules.\" \"So where do they go?\" \"Oh, they go different places, do different things. Miles can do carpentry and he's good with his hands. Jesse, now, he seems to have settled himself. Of course, then, he's young yet.\" The two girls' corsets were finally off and both of them took in some very deep breaths, something they hadn't been able to do since they put that torture device on. Mae helped them both into the nightgowns she had given them. \"Well, I hope you both will be comfortable here. It's a good feeling having more women here. Try and get some sleep now.\" \"Thank you, Mrs. Tuck,\" Lena said. \"Oh, please. Call me Mae.\" The two girls smiled at her and watched her depart. Winnie climbed into the bed Mae had made for her. \"Lena, why are we here?\" she asked. \"I don't know. I guess they think we know something we're not supposed to.\" \"Like what?\" Lena shrugged her shoulders. \"I have no idea.\" \"Are we ever going to go home?\" \"Of course. You heard Mae. You'll be back at home before you know it. Now, you should be getting some sleep.\" Lena knelt down next to her bed and gently ran her hand along Winnie's arm. She began singing softly to her: All night, all day, angels watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day, angels watching over me. When at night I go to sleep Angels watching over me, my Lord Pray the Lord my soul to keep Angels watching over me. All night, all day, angels watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day, angels watching over me. When Lena finished singing, Winnie was asleep. Lena went over to her own bed and closed her eyes. When she had started this day, she never expected something like this to happen. But at least she was here with Winnie and as long as they had each other, they could get through this.[Chapter 3] When Lena awoke, Winnie was not in her bed. She panicked a little at first, thinking she had tried to escape and was now lost in the woods, but she soon learned that Jesse was gone too and it didn't take long for her to put two and two together. \"Lena, did you sleep well?\" Mae said after Lena had finished dressing. \"Yes, thank you.\" \"Can you do me a favor and take these biscuits out to Miles? He's down by the lake doing some fishing.\" Lena nodded and took the plate from her. She headed down to the water's edge and saw Miles with a fishing pole, waiting for a bite. She nervously cleared her throat and he turned around. \"Um, Mae said to bring these to you.\" \"No thanks,\" he said shortly. Lena took a deep breath and set the plate down next to him. \"I'll just leave them here in case you change your mind.\" She turned around and headed back up to the house. Over the course of the day, Lena helped Mae do some cooking and cleaning around the house. Miles stayed out for the most part, but when he did come in, the plate she had given him was empty. She smiled a little when he wasn't looking. At one point, the two of them made eye contact, but neither allowed it to last for very long. Miles still made Lena really nervous, even though she knew a bit more about his history. He was just so cold towards everyone that it was hard to like him. At this point, despite what Mae had told her, she still felt hatred towards Miles for kidnapping her and Winnie. Mae looked at the both of them, taking note of their small wordless interaction. When Miles left again, she went over to Lena. \"He still frightens you, doesn't he?\" Lena just barely nodded, avoiding eye contact. \"I understand. But Miles really does care about us, and the longer you talk with him, the more you'll see that what he did was just to protect this family.\" Lena remained silent, thinking about Mae's words. But how could she ever learn to like someone who seemed to only feel hate towards her and stole her away from everything she ever knew? When Jesse and Winnie returned, Winnie looked like a whole new person. She was eagerly smiling and laughing and it didn't take much for Lena to guess why. Sure enough, when the two girls were about to go to sleep that night, Winnie explained to her that Jesse took her to his \"Eiffel Tower\", a very high cliff that they could climb to the top. Lena sang softly to her to get her to sleep again, but Lena stayed awake for several minutes staring up at the ceiling. While she was glad that Winnie was okay and she didn't have to worry about her anymore, she herself was a different story. She hadn't had anyone to bond with like Winnie with Jesse and while everyone, aside from Miles, seemed nice, she still didn't want to be away from what she knew. Winnie began spending nearly all of her time with Jesse while Lena stayed back with Angus, Mae, and sometimes Miles. Mae was the nicest woman Lena had ever met. As the days went by and Lena helped her with the chores around the house, the two women talked and conversation came quite easy to her. They hardly ever ran out of things to talk about. The longer they talked, the more comfortable she became. Sometimes, Lena would sit outside and just watch Angus make small creations out of wood. It was so mesmerizing to watch him transform a block of nothing into something with extremely intricate designs and patterns. Miles was another story. No matter what Lena did, or how nice she was despite the fact that she couldn't stand him, he was always rude to her. He never looked her way, he ignored her as much as possible, and when he did talk to her, he used a tone that suggested that it was the last thing he wanted to do. \"Lena,\" Mae said to her as she swept up the floor. \"Take this out to Miles. He hasn't eaten all day and he needs some food.\" Lena nodded and took the basket of food from Mae then headed outside. \"Miles!\" she called. \"I brought some food for you.\" \"I don't want any food.\" \"Mae said you haven't eaten all day. You're going to make yourself sick.\" Miles just laughed, and she couldn't understand why the idea of him becoming ill was so amusing. \"Will you please just eat a little something? It would ease her mind.\" \"I said I didn't want any,\" he snapped. \"Just take it back and leave me alone.\" That was the last straw for Lena. She could not handle his attitude any longer. She slammed the basket down on the ground and took a step towards him. \"You're hurting,\" she said sharply. \"I get that. Mae told me what happened with you and your family. But you should look beyond your own pain and realize that you are not the only one suffering!\" Miles looked at her incredulously, shocked that she was talking to him in such a way. \"My mother gave birth to a little boy when I was only three years old. An hour later, he died from complications. I had a brother for only an hour. And after that, my mother and father couldn't look at me because I only reminded them of what they lost. They sent me off to boarding school at three years old so they didn't have to look at me anymore! Eventually, they couldn't afford to send me to school, so I was forced to come back home. When I was there, they both ignored me all the time. So you should consider yourself lucky that you at least have a mother and a father and a brother who love you! It's more than I ever had.\" Lena whipped around and headed back up to the house, wiping hot tears off her cheeks. She hadn't meant for all of that to come out. But she was sick and tired of Miles acting the way he was. She may not have experienced that kind of loss, but she didn't even know what it was like to have anyone out there who loved her. At least he had a family. She never even had that. Lena stayed out of everyone's sight until she had calmed down. The last thing she wanted was to have to explain why she was upset. \"Are you alright, Lena?\" Winnie asked as they prepared to go to sleep. \"Hmm?\" Lena said as she turned around. \"You've been acting strange all day.\" Lena sighed and sat on Winnie's bed next to her. \"I…I told Miles about me.\" \"You mean…everything?\" \"Everything.\" \"Why?\" \"He was just being so rude to me that I kind of just…snapped.\" \"Well, Mae told us what he's been through. It's been hard on him.\" \"I know.\" Winnie hugged her friend, fully realizing that sharing her history with someone was not an easy thing for her to do.[Chapter 4] Winnie continued to bond with Jesse as the days went on while Lena stayed back with Mae. Miles had become nearly silent ever since Lena's outburst towards him. Every time she looked at him, he looked almost guilty which made her feel guilty herself. There was one day when she went out into the forest to try to ease her mind about her whole situation. She was almost jealous of Winnie for getting the chance to explore with someone like Jesse who really seemed to care for her. She hadn't gone very far when the smallest hiss made her stomach drop to her feet. She looked down and there on the ground looking up at her was a snake. She had no idea if it was poisonous or not, but she wasn't going to take her chances. Keeping her eyes on it, she ever so slowly began to back away from it. In turn, it began slithering towards her. It reared its head up and looked like it was preparing to strike. Lena began backing away faster, but it whipped its head at her and she immediately felt pain on her ankle. Suddenly, Miles appeared and grabbed the snake around its neck. She watched as he wrestled with it a bit before killing it. Then he ran over to her and grasped her by the shoulders. \"Are you alright?\" When she didn't respond, he said urgently, \"Lena! You have to tell me. Did it bite you?\" Lena looked down and lifted the bottom of her dress up a little. There, just above her ankle, were two holes that were dripping blood. She looked back up at him with terror in her eyes. Then she saw black and fell over. Miles quickly caught her, then hefted the unconscious girl up into his arms and gently rushed her back to the cabin. \"Miles!\" Mae called when she saw him approaching with Lena in his arms. \"What happened?\" \"Snake bite,\" he answered as he took in the cabin and placed her down on her bed. \"It wasn't poisonous.\" \"Even so, I'll need to clean it and bandage her up. Grab me a couple of dishtowels and some cold soap and water.\" \"What happened to Lena?\" Winnie cried running into the cabin with Jesse. \"She's been bitten by a snake,\" Mae told her. \"What?!\" Miles brought Mae the soap, water, and towels. \"She got a snake bite?!\" \"Winnie, I'm going to need you to calm down. I promise you that she's going to be fine.\" Mae took one of the towels and cleaned off the snake bite on Lena's ankle while Winnie anxiously gripped Lena's hand. \"Miles,\" she said once she had finished. \"Bandage her ankle while I clean this up.\" Miles took some cloth and wrapped it around the bite mark. Mae then came back over and placed a cold cloth on Lena's forehead. \"She'll be okay,\" Mae said to Winnie. Towards the end of the day when the sky was turning to a dark blue, Lena's eyes slowly opened. \"Lena!\" Winnie exclaimed hugging her tightly. Lena softly groaned. \"What happened?\" she asked all of the people standing over her. \"You were bitten by a snake,\" Mae said to her. \"If it wasn't for Miles finding you and bringing you back here…\" \"You helped me?\" she said to Miles weakly. He simply nodded to her. \"Luckily for you, the snake wasn't venomous,\" Mae told her. \"So why did I faint?\" \"I suppose it was just the shock of it all. But don't you worry. You are going to be just fine. You need to rest now.\" Winnie and Mae stayed by her side while the rest of them left to let her sleep. Mae pulled out her music box and began playing it to soothe Lena and help her rest easier. \"Miles?\" Lena called before he departed. He turned back to her. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" By the time she awoke again, Lena felt better than ever. She smiled as she realized Winnie had once more gone out with Jesse. She slowly got out of bed, but once she stood up, her bad ankle faltered and she fell to the floor. \"Lena!\" She looked up and saw Miles rushing over to her. He gently helped her up then he put her arm around his neck and helped her limp over to the chair by the table. \"I wouldn't walk on that until it's had a chance to heal some more,\" he said to her. \"You're probably hungry. Do you want something to eat?\" She nodded at him and he prepared a plate for her with a couple of pancakes Mae had made that morning. \"Thanks,\" she said quietly. Miles nodded to her and then turned to leave. \"Miles…how did you know where I was?\" \"I had to make sure you weren't trying to escape and go running back to the town,\" he replied roughly. \"There's more to it than that. Isn't there?\" Miles sighed and took a seat across from Lena. \"I haven't been able to stop thinking about what you said.\" Lena sighed. \"I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to say that my situation was worse than yours. I just—\" \"I know. The point is that you've been through a lot too. It's not that either of our situations are worse, but that they have both hurt us. And that's why I wanted to apologize. I didn't realize you had been through so much. I can't imagine what it's been like to grow up like that.\" \"I can't imagine what it's like to lose the ones you love so much.\" For the first time since Lena had been taken, she was beginning to see that she and Miles were more alike than she initially thought. Once Lena's bite was fully healed and she was able to walk on her own, she went outside to breathe in the fresh forest air. \"Lena,\" she heard Miles say as he walked over to her. He held out his hand. \"Come with me. I want to show you something.\" Lena looked at him. Sure she was thankful that he saved her from the snake, but that didn't mean she was fully ready to just completely trust him. He had still taken her away from her home and her life. She couldn't just pretend that never happened. \"Please.\" She hesitantly took his hand and allowed him to escort her wherever it was they were going. \"Where are you taking me?\" she asked him. \"Just wait a little bit longer.\" When they had walked for a little while more, Miles turned to her and put his finger to his lips, signaling her to be quiet. She slowly nodded, wondering what in the world he had planned. Miles quietly stepped closer to one of the numerous trees and motioned her over. She finally saw what he was looking at. A small bird's nest rested on top of one of the branches with three speckled eggs inside. Miles gently picked one of them up and handed it to her. \"Just think,\" he whispered. \"A little bird is sitting in there, waiting to come out.\" Suddenly, Lena felt the egg move and part of it cracked in her palm. She gave a small gasp and then a smile to Miles and they both watched as the bird inside ever so slowly made its way out of its little shell. When it finally made it out, it shook its wet feathers and hopped around on her palm. Lena gently rubbed its small head with her finger. That had been the most incredible thing she had ever seen in her life. Being able to witness new life like that was like nothing she had ever experienced before. She gently put the small little bird back inside its nest to wait for its siblings to hatch. \"Wow,\" she breathed. When she looked over at Miles, she saw something she never expected to see. There was a smile on his face. \"So that's what a smile look like on you,\" she said to him. \"I like it. You should smile more often.\" And that was when the walls Miles and Lena alike had built up around them finally began to come down.[Chapter 5] Lena began noticing a small change in Miles. It was hard to put into words exactly, but he was definitely different than when she had first met him. They exchanged few words throughout the next couple of days. However, it seemed that they didn't need any words to communicate. It was almost like their eyes said everything to each other. It was strange, but she found herself growing to actually like it. Lena was doing some chores around the house to help Mae, but her hair was driving her crazy. It kept falling into her face which forced her to pause her activity to tuck it behind her ear only for it to fall right back. \"Lena,\" Mae said with a smile. \"Would you like me to help you with your hair?\" Lena smiled and nodded. Mae directed her to a seat and began brushing out her hair. Lena had never had someone do this for her before. Her mother certainly wasn't going to help her, so she had taught herself to fix her hair up. Half the time, it didn't look very presentable, but there was nothing else she could do. Here with Mae brushing her hair, she felt so relaxed and at ease. Mae took her time brushing it out, not in a hurry just like with everything else they did. Then she began to pin it in different ways. \"You know,\" she said to Lena as she continued working. \"I believe that you've done something for Miles than none of us have been able to do.\" \"What's that?\" Lena asked. \"You've opened him up again. He's changed since you and Winnie both arrived here. It's a much needed change too.\" Lena laughed a little. \"Well, I just wish I didn't have to get bitten by a snake for this change to start.\" Mae chuckled lightly. \"I know you're not exactly here of your own accord, but it's been quite nice to have the company. We don't usually get visitors.\" There was a pause before she continued, \"Miles told me about what you said to him a while ago.\" Lena immediately felt incredibly guilty. \"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have invaded in his personal life. I should've held my tongue.\" \"Lena, you don't need to keep quiet about who you are and where you come from. I'm sorry to hear that you've had such a hard time at home.\" \"I've learned to accept it.\" \"Though the circumstances are quite unusual, you will always have a home here with us Tucks.\" Lena paused and no words came to her mind. Mae had just told her that she had a home here. A real home with people who cared about her. Mae finished Lena's hair and stood in front of her to admire her work. She had made two braids that connected in the back and looked like one long continuous braid while the rest of her curly hair hung down her back. \"There's just one more thing,\" Mae smiled. She took three very small white flowers and intertwined them throughout her braid. Then she gently took Lena's chin in her hands and said to her, \"You look beautiful.\" Lena suddenly forgot how to breathe. That was the first time anyone had ever called her beautiful. \"Thank you,\" she mustered out. \"Why don't you go outside and take a break for a little while?\" Lena nodded and began to walk around outside the cabin. \"Lena!\" she heard Miles' voice. She looked over and saw him sitting in the little canoe she had seen him and Angus take out onto the water several times. When he saw her and her new look Mae had given her, there was a very noticeable pause. She gave him a small bashful smile and began to notice her cheeks getting a little warmer. Wait a second. Her cheeks were getting warmer? \"Get in,\" Miles said, shaking them both out of their reveries. Lena was about to decline, but then decided that it couldn't hurt anything. Miles took her hand and helped her sit across from him in the canoe. Then he began rowing out and they stopped in the middle of the lake. \"It's so beautiful out here,\" Lena remarked. \"It's a great place to think,\" Miles answered. \"Or just get some peace and quiet.\" \"I love it.\" They sat in silence for a little while as Lena took in her surroundings. She leaned over and put her hand in the water, feeling the coolness of it send a small tingle through her arm. She'd only been to a real lake once or twice while at boarding school, but that was nothing compared to the crystal clear water beneath her. \"You're so lucky to get to live in a place like this,\" Lena said. \"It almost feels like…nothing is wrong with the world and everything is how it should be.\" \"I've never thought about it that way before.\" \"Well, maybe you should stop focusing on yourself and take the time to look at what's around you. And I mean really look.\" \"Lena Bennett, you are unlike any other girl I've ever met.\" \"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?\" \"It is most definitely a good thing.\" The two ended up talking for a long time, and it was only when Mae called them in for dinner did they realize that they had spent three hours out on the lake. The next day, Lena was outside watching Angus craft a block of wood into whatever creation he had in mind. \"Would you like to help, Miss Bennett?\" he asked her. \"Oh, no, I would just mess everything up.\" \"Nonsense. Come over here.\" Lena slowly did as she was told. Angus took her hands and put them on top of the carving tool he was using to shape the wood before he began the actual designs. \"Shave off the top part of this wood to make it smooth and easier to work with.\" He showed her how to use the tool and then left her to do it herself. Beads of sweat began forming on her forehead but she kept going, actually enjoying the feeling of being able to get dirty. \"Not so rough,\" she heard behind her. Miles stood behind her and put his hands on hers. \"Gently run it over the wood.\" Lena felt herself blush at their close proximity, but she couldn't deny that…she kind of liked it. Angus came back out soon after and examined the wood. \"Perfect.\" He took the newly formed wood and handed it to her. He then handed her a small carving knife. \"Now you need to shape it down to what you want it to be.\" \"Well, what is it supposed to be?\" \"Anything you want.\" Lena looked at it and began attempting to shape it into a fish. She began to quietly sing to herself. \"Oh, so it's you who's been singing downstairs every night,\" Miles said, making her jump a little. \"You've heard me?\" \"Hard to not hear it. It's a small house.\" \"I'm sorry if I've been disturbing you. I was only trying to help Winnie fall asleep.\" \"I'm not complaining. It helped me fall asleep too. Which is saying something because I've been having trouble sleeping lately. That is…until you got here.\" Lena's cheeks grew warmer again. \"Thank you.\" After a few hours, the wood she was working with resembled a trout somewhat. In fact, for someone who had never even looked at a block of wood much less carved one, it was quite impressive. She took the tip of the knife and made a small eye on either side of it. \"Not bad, Lena,\" Angus said as he looked it over. \"Not bad at all, especially for a beginner.\" He handed her some sandpaper. \"Now smooth it all out and you'll be done.\" Lena rubbed the course material over her fish until she was sure it was impossible to get a splinter by touching it. She rubbed her thumb across her creation and felt a tingle run through her hand. \"Very good,\" Angus praised as he looked over it once more. \"This deserves a place of honor.\" He took the piece of wood inside and placed it on the mantle above the fireplace. Lena felt something that she had never felt before. She couldn't exactly explain what it was, but she definitely could say that she really liked the feeling.[Chapter 6] That night, neither Winnie nor Jesse nor Miles were at the cabin. Mae and Angus didn't seem worried, but the same couldn't be said for Lena. Though she knew there was probably no cause for concern, she couldn't help but wonder where everyone was. When the two adults were busy, she wandered outside into the forest, hoping to find some sign that the three of them were okay. Her heart was pounding and she was quite nervous about running into any kinds of animals. She certainly didn't want a repeat of her snake adventure. Lena turned to look behind her and when she turned back around, she ran straight into Miles's hard chest. She gasped heavily in surprise. \"Miles!\" \"What are you doing out here?\" he said to her. She could smell alcohol in his breath. \"You shouldn't…be out here alone.\" \"Miles, you're drunk.\" \"I'm fine.\" \"Yeah. Come on, I'll take you back to the cabin.\" They had only walked for a little bit before Miles turned his head. She followed his line of sight and saw the faintest glow from a fire. That must've been Winnie and Jesse. Miles started walking towards it. \"Wait. Miles!\" Lena called quietly. She followed them and they managed to hear some of Jesse's conversation with Winnie. \"You are the first human I've ever met I wanted to know the truth,\" Jesse said to Winnie. \"Jesse Tuck, you're the first human I've ever met that I've ever wanted to…to…\" She gently kissed him on the lips. \"…to do that.\" Jesse put his hand to her head and they kissed again. Lena couldn't help but smile as she saw the girl she could almost call a sister finally find someone she loved. Her thoughts traveled back to when they had been on the grass discussing the prospect of finding someone who loved them. \"Winnie, listen,\" Jesse said when they pulled apart. \"Remember the giant oak tree at the center of the wood where we met? The little spring bubbling up you saw me drink from? You remember when I told you I was 104 years old?\" Winnie nodded slowly. \"Well, it's the honest truth. I'm going to live forever. I'm never going to change. The same with Miles and Tuck and Mae. Something happened to us. As far as I know, I'm going to be seventeen until the end of the world!\" Lena's head began spinning. Jesse Tuck was actually 104? So how old did that make Miles? And how on earth did they still look this way? While it seemed that many of her questions were answered, a thousand more formed. \"It's the spring, Winnie,\" Jesse continued. \"The water, something's wrong with it. It stops you right where you are. If you had a drink of it today, you'd stay just like you are.\" Miles chose that time to reveal his and Lena's hiding spot. \"Don't you wish he'd told you before you kissed him?\" Miles said, a bit on the drunken side. \"Did he tell you immortality isn't all the preachers crack it up to be?\" \"Hey, leave her alone, Miles,\" Jesse said sharply. \"Oh, now…you want her to hear it, Jesse boy. She's the first person you want to tell the truth to!\" \"You just don't want me to have what you lost.\" \"Jesse,\" Lena said with the tone she used to berate Winnie sometimes. \"Stop this,\" Winnie said quietly. \"Both of you. And tell us the truth. We want to know.\" Miles took a couple steps forward, while Lena stood next to where Winnie was sitting, and began his story. \"We all had a drink. Except for the cat. That's important. The water tasted like…heaven. Floated over your tongue like a cloud. Tuck carved a 'T' in the trunk to mark where we'd been. We moved on west, looking for a place to settle down. Put up a house for Mae and Tuck and a little shed for Jesse and me. That was the first time we figured there was something…peculiar. Jesse fell thirty feet, landed right on his neck. He was up on his feet again before Mae could work up a good cry. Didn't hurt him a bit. No broken bones…nothing.\" Both Lena and Winnie took a deep breath trying to take all of this in. \"That's not all,\" Miles continued, noticing their expressions. \"Not by a long shot. Things began to happen. Some brushpoppers mistook Mae's horse for a deer. Thing is, the bullets didn't kill him. Barely even left a mark. Then Tuck got bitten by a rattlesnake, and you know what? He didn't die! But the cat did. Of old age.\" Miles paused and began fiddling with the ring on his finger. \"And Miles got married,\" he said softly lost in the memory. \"Beau. Little Anna.\" Lena had never seen Miles like this before. He was so…vulnerable. \"Tuck figured it early on. It's the spring. We all drank from it, even the horse. Had to be. The source of our changelessness.\" He began to get choked up. \"I begged her to come back. For me. And find the spring and drink from it. The children, too. It was our only hope to be together. She made up her mind I'd sold my soul to the Devil…and she left me. She took my babies with her.\" Lena felt tears begin to form in her eyes. She had just been given a whole new definition of what Miles had been through. It was no wonder he was so hard and closed off. \"Everyone…pulled away after that. There was talk of witchcraft…black magic. I went looking for wars to fight. And I saw brave men die at Vera Cruz, and then Gettysburg. Thousands, in the blink of an eye.\" War changed people. Someone who had already been through so much put himself through even more pain. \"But not me. I couldn't die.\" Tears formed in his own eyes and his voice cracked. \"Like little Anna. The influenza took her before she's fifteen. And Beau. He'd be almost eighty now if he were still alive. And my sweet…my sweet young bride. She died in an insane asylum. Old and alone. But I'm still here! I'm still here!\" He turned away and began to walk off. Lena looked at Winnie and Jesse for a second before quickly wiping away a tear and running after him. \"Miles!\" He turned to face her. She had never known that someone like him could be acting like the way he was at that moment. \"I am so sorry,\" she said softly. \"I had no right to yell at you when I didn't know the whole story.\" He said nothing so she slowly approached him and took his hand in hers. \"You have been through so much more than one person should ever have to go through.\" There was silence following those words, but it wasn't awkward. On the contrary, it was a much needed silence. What was there to say? The two of them returned to the campfire and that's where the four of them stayed until morning. When they all returned back to the cabin, they were met by Mae and Angus. One look told them that they knew both Winnie and Lena knew their secret. \"Winnie Foster, Lena Bennett,\" Angus said to them. \"You both are the only other people in the world who know about us. We'll have to have a talk.\" He took Winnie's hand from Jesse's and then took Lena's and led them out onto the canoe where Miles and Lena had sat just a couple days before. He began rowing and stopped once they were in the middle of the lake. \"Look around you,\" he said. \"It's teeming life. It's flowers and trees and frogs. It's all part of the wheel. It's always changing. It's always growing. Like you two. Your lives are never the same. You were once children. Now, Winnie, you are about to become a woman. One day, you'll grow up and you'll do something important. You'll have children, maybe. And you, Lena, are already a woman. You are on your way to making a name for yourself and understanding more about what it means to be an adult. You've taken care of Winnie as if she were family to you. You've greatly matured from the young girl you once were. And then one day, you'll both go out…just like the flame of a candle. You'll make way for new life. That's a certainty. That's the natural way of things.\" Lena loved the way Angus said things. She had never had someone tell her that she was grown up and mature. It was nice. \"And then, there's us,\" he continued. \"What we Tucks have, you can't call it living. We just…are. We're like rocks, stuck at the side of a stream. Listen to me. Girls, you know a dangerous secret. If people find out about the spring, they'll trample all over each other to get to that water. There's one thing I've learned about people. Many will do anything, anything not to die, and they'll do anything to keep from living their life. Do either of you want to stay stuck as you are right now, forever?\" When neither girl responded, he said, \"I've just got to make you understand.\" Lena had no idea if she would want to drink from the spring or not. It was one thing to stay young, but it was another thing to stay young forever. \"I don't want to die,\" Winnie said. \"Is that wrong?\" \"No,\" Angus said tenderly. \"No human does. But it's part of the wheel. The same as being born. You can't have living without dying. Don't be afraid of death, girls. Be afraid of the unlived life.\" Lena looked at the man in front of her and the girl beside her. When the summer started, she certainly had no idea that she would eventually be questioning whether she wanted to live forever or not. The three of them stayed out a little longer, but Lena couldn't shake the uneasy feeling that they were being watched. The next day, Lena decided to head out into the woods for some quiet time. Winnie had told her about the waterfall and she wanted to see it for herself. It didn't take long to find as it was rather close by. The water looked so cool and refreshing and clear. Looking around her to see if she was alone and finding that she was, she dove right in. It felt amazing and she immediately felt so much better. She swam around for a little while, taking in the amazing fresh water with the loud falls behind her. \"You shouldn't be out alone!\" Lena quickly turned around to find Miles standing in the same place where she had jumped in. \"I can take care of myself!\" she called back to him. \"Oh yeah, you proved that when you got bitten by that snake!\" \"It was one time!\" Miles just laughed. Then to her surprise, he dove into the water, clothes and all. Lena smiled and waited for him to come back up. But he didn't. \"Miles?\" she called spinning around in the water to try to find him. \"Miles?\" Suddenly, she felt a hand on her ankle and she was pulled underwater. When she came back up, Miles was laughing hard. She splashed water at him angrily. \"Don't do that!\" she scolded. But she couldn't help but smile too. \"You know what?\" she said. \"It was worth it to see you laugh.\" \"How did you find this place?\" he asked. \"Winnie told me about it. She and Jesse came here a couple days ago. That surprised me actually because Winnie can't swim. But I'm sure Jesse took that as an opportunity to flirt with her.\" \"I'm sure he did.\" \"I never thought that Winnie would fall in love with someone here. She wasn't happy about being brought here in the first place, and I could barely calm her down.\" She noticed a guilty look cross Miles's face. \"Oh, I'm sorry!\" she said quickly. \"I didn't mean anything by that!\" \"No, I'm sorry. I jumped to conclusions when I first saw you both. I was only doing what Tuck told us to do.\" \"I understand. I'm sure Winnie is quite happy you did so now. And…I am too.\" The two of them made eye contact and went closer to each other. Before Lena knew what was happening, Miles pressed his hand to the back of her head and pulled her closer to him until their lips were touching. The kiss was gentle and kind and everything Lena ever wanted as they both treaded water near the small little waterfall.[Chapter 7] It didn't take long for the rest of the Tuck family and Winnie to realize that Miles and Lena fancied each other as much as Winnie and Jesse. It was certainly a shock to them all because they never thought that Miles could move on from his first love, but there he was all the same. Late that night, when everyone in the house was asleep, screaming loud enough to shatter the windows pierced the quiet air. Winnie ran over to the screaming girl in the bed next to her. \"What's going on?\" Miles asked frantically as the whole family ran to join Winnie next to Lena's bed. \"She gets night terrors sometimes,\" Winnie explained quickly. \"They're rare, but they happen.\" Lena continued screaming and thrashing around in her bed, threatening to hit Winnie at any moment. \"What can we do?\" Mae asked her. \"It'll pass soon. All we can do is wait.\" Miles went next to her bed and grabbed her arms before she hurt anyone including herself. When she stopped trying to hit the air, he placed his hand on the side of her face and gently stroked it. \"Shh, shh,\" he whispered to her. The family watched in awe at Miles's gentle touch. It had been so long since he had been capable of acting like this. Eventually, Lena calmed down and resumed a peaceful sleep. \"She's fine now,\" Winnie told everyone. \"You can go back to sleep.\" Angus, Mae, and Jesse started walking away, but Miles didn't move. \"I'll think I'll stay just a little longer,\" he said. The three Tucks exchanged surprised glances, but no one chose to say anything. Miles leaned over her and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead. The next morning, Miles found Lena washing some clothes in the lake water. \"How was your night?\" She turned to look at him with a smile. \"It was fine.\" \"You don't remember anything…unusual?\" \"No…did something happen?\" \"You had a…what did Winnie call it? A night terror.\" Lena's closed her eyes and sighed. \"I did? I'm so sorry. I probably woke up everyone, didn't I?\" \"No one's upset. You couldn't control it.\" \"It really doesn't happen often. But every now and again…something happens in the middle of the night and I panic. But I never remember it when I wake up.\" She sighed again. \"I'm so, so sorry.\" Miles put his hands on her shoulders. \"Lena, you don't have to apologize. If you have night terrors, you have night terrors, and that's okay. It doesn't change anything about you.\" Lena smiled and the two of them shared a gentle kiss. Unfortunately, their luck was quickly running out. Angus brought everyone inside the cabin that evening and they gathered in the living area, Miles next to Lena and Jesse next to Winnie. \"Girls,\" Angus began. \"We've all enjoyed your company. Some more than others.\" The four youngest ones quietly laughed, but no one liked where this was going. \"However, as Winnie said on her first night with us, her father is looking for her. And I know that right now, they are very close to finding her. If anyone does find either of you, this whole family will be sent to jail for kidnapping.\" \"Well, we'll just tell everyone that you didn't kidnap us,\" Winnie insisted. Angus gave her a sad smile. \"I'm afraid no one will listen. Their minds are set against us. We are going to take you both home, and then we will have to be on our way.\" Lena's heart sank. Home was the last place she wanted to go. Especially after living in what she considered paradise with such kind people and…someone her heart belonged to. But she also knew that Angus was right. No one in Treegap would let them go after this. \"We understand,\" Lena said softly, trying to be the mature one. She noticed Mae looking at her even more sadly than Angus was. It dawned on her that Mae knew about her life at home and she probably didn't want the girl to have to go back to such a lifestyle. \"We best start packing up as much as we can,\" Angus said. All members of the Tuck family began loading up as much as they could in crates and trunks. Lena ended up going out onto the porch and looking out at the beautiful water. She would give anything to stay here with the Tucks. \"Lena,\" Mae said softly as she joined the girl on the porch. \"I know you don't want to go back.\" \"You certainly right about that,\" Lena mumbled. \"If we're being honest, I don't want you to go back either. It's been nice not being the only woman in the house. But more than that…you and Winnie have been like daughters to me. The daughters I never got.\" Lena looked over at the woman with tears forming in her eyes faster than she could control. After living with a family who wanted nothing to do with her, she had found someone who really loved her as a daughter. The two women embraced as tears began rolling down her cheeks. Lena helped the Tucks pack up everything they needed as Winnie and Jesse tried to force out a painful good-bye. \"It isn't fair, Tuck,\" Mae said quietly as Miles loaded up a couple of trunks into their cart. \"No, it isn't,\" Angus replied. \"But when has life ever been fair?\" Those words could not be more true when it came to Lena's life. Miles hopped down from the cart and took Lena's hand in his. \"You've taught me how to love again,\" he said quietly as he pressed his forehead to hers. \"I never thought anyone could do that.\" \"You've made me feel…special,\" Lena answered. \"Because you are.\" Miles gently kissed her when they heard a man's voice say, \"Forgive me for interrupting such a tender moment.\" The four young adults turned to find a balding man in a faded yellow suit. \"Hello, Winifred. Lena,\" he said to the two girls. \"Everyone's been so worried about you.\" Lena lightly scoffed. Maybe everyone was worried about Winnie, but Lena? She couldn't find it in her to believe that. \"I'm relieved to find you both so well.\" \"You know this man?\" Jesse asked the girls. \"I met him once,\" Winnie answered. \"I haven't,\" Lena said. \"Who are you?\" The man did not answer her for it was at that time that Angus and Mae had noticed the stranger's presence. \"Hello, Mr. Tuck,\" the man said. \"You have no idea what a pleasure it is to meet you.\" \"You're the man who's been following my boys,\" Angus said calmly. \"Been expecting you.\" \"Yes, and here I am. Tell me, is it a relief to finally be discovered? Over a century of hiding out must have taken its toll on you.\" \"Who are you?\" Mae asked of him. \"And how do you know so much about us?\" \"I first heard about your family from my grandmother. She knew a woman in a mental facility who used to rant and ramble about a family who never grew old and never died. This woman, she used to call out a name. What was it, now? Anna.\" Lena's widened eyes looked over at Miles. It had to have been his past wife and daughter this stranger was talking about and no doubt the talk of them was cutting into him deep. She took his hand in hers and began squeezing it. His eyes were locked onto this strange man who knew too much about the family. \"Crazy old woman,\" the man continued. \"Kept on talking about a music box. It seems the melody had a calming effect on her children. I'm sure you know it, Mrs. Tuck?\" He began whistling the same melody from Mae's music box that Lena had heard nearly every day since she had been brought here. \"You have no right to come to our home and bring us such pain,\" Mae said sharply. \"There, good mother. I mean no harm.\" \"Tell us, sir,\" Angus demanded as he walked towards him. \"What is it you want?\" \"Well, you see, the Fosters have given me these woods in exchange for bringing young Winifred and Lena back home. I have the papers, all signed and legal. Gives me the rights to the forest and everything in it. Don't be alarmed. I'll let you stay here on my land if you prove cooperative.\" \"Cooperative?\" The man nodded slowly. \"I want you to take me to the spring.\" Now his intentions were clear. He knew about the spring and he wanted some. Lena's hand squeezed Miles's even tighter and she could feel his arm around her waist pulling her closer to him protectively. \"I don't know what you mean,\" Angus told him. \"Don't insult me, Mr. Tuck. It's immediately clear to me that the water's powers have been wasted on…unimaginative people like you. I intend to make this 'fountain of youth', as the simpletons would call it, available to those who deserve it. For a price, of course.\" Angus slowly stepped towards the man. \"You'll die of old age before I'll take you.\" \"Is that so?\" The man whipped out a gun from his bag and grabbed Winnie, aiming it at her head. \"Then perhaps Winifred will!\" \"Winnie!\" Lena screamed. \"No!\" Jesse shouted at the same time. The man took the gun and shot Jesse right in the stomach. \"Jesse!\" Winnie cried. Lena tried to go to him, but Miles held her back. Slowly, Jesse stood back up. Now after what Miles had told them, both girls knew that none of the Tucks could get hurt. But seeing that actually happen in person was something entirely different than just hearing about it. \"Yes!\" the man said in a whisper. \"Bravo!\" He started walking backwards with Winnie as everyone but Mae stood on the porch watching the unfolding scene in horror. \"Come now, Winifred. I'm feeling thirsty. Show me where the spring is. Perhaps I'll let you have a drink. After all, then we can spend eternity together.\" Suddenly, Mae took a shotgun and whipped the man on the back of the head with it. Lena flinched in surprise and she felt Miles's hand around her waist tighten. The man slowly sank down to the ground with Winnie on top of him. The strike had killed him instantly. Jesse and Lena ran to Winnie. \"Winnie, Winnie, come here,\" Jesse said as he helped her up. \"It's okay. It's okay, I gotcha.\" Winnie clutched onto Jesse while Lena pressed her hands onto her back and shoulders. She had almost lost the girl who was like a sister to her. She couldn't even fathom the thought. Angus went over to Mae, who was sobbing on the ground at what she had just done, and knelt down to hug her and comfort her. Suddenly, the sound of dogs and shouts rang out in the quiet forest air. \"Pa,\" Miles said urgently. They listened as the shouts and barks got louder. \"There they are!\" someone shouted. Everyone looked over and found a bunch of men swarming around them like spiders. \"Winnie Foster! Lena Bennett!\" more shouted. \"I see them!\" \"Go,\" Angus ordered firmly. He bolted up the porch and went inside the cabin. \"Jesse, come on,\" Miles said to his brother. Jesse started after him when Winnie suddenly stopped. \"It's my father,\" she said quietly. \"Let's go!\" Miles shouted. Lena ran up to him right before he hopped up onto his horse and firmly pressed her lips to his in a good-bye kiss. Jesse and Winnie held hands as long as they were able to before he was forced to get on the horse with Miles and they two of them rode off. Smoke started pouring from the house and Lena realized Angus had set it on fire to prevent them from finding anything they shouldn't. Winnie's father ran up to the girl and embraced her tightly. \"You're alright! You're alright!\" he exclaimed. \"We found you. You're safe.\" He looked over to Lena and touched her arm. \"Are you alright?\" She nodded a little before he went back to hugging his daughter. Lena's parents were nowhere in sight. She wasn't the least bit surprised, but she found that she was still hurt.[Chapter 8] Lena found herself in Winnie's parlor not long after they were back home with the rest of Winnie's family and the Treegap judge. Both girls were silent. \"We just want to understand what happened,\" Winnie's father said tenderly. \"Girls, try, please.\" Lena and Winnie made eye contact. Lena sighed and gave her a small nod. Winnie turned back to her family. \"They didn't kidnap us. We were with them because we wanted to be.\" Winnie's mother snapped her fan shut. \"She doesn't know what she's saying.\" \"The Tucks were kind to us. They're our friends.\" \"If they didn't kidnap you, why on earth did that woman club that man over the head with a shotgun?\" her father demanded. \"Because Mae Tuck was protecting me.\" \"That man had a gun to Winnie's head!\" Lena put in. \"Mae saved her life!\" \"Doesn't matter anyway,\" the judge said. \"That fella died. It's a murder charge now. I didn't much like the man, but that won't stop that poor woman from hanging. Misses are eyewitnesses. They'll have to testify.\" Winnie's mother looked about ready to faint as she left the room. The judge looked at Lena and took something out of his pocket. \"That man wanted me to give you something. Wouldn't take no for an answer.\" Lena gasped as he handed her the little wooden fish Angus and Miles had helped her carve. While her father escorted the judge out, Winnie and Lena went up to Winnie's room. Winnie sat on her bed, lost in thought. Lena sat next to her and took her hand. \"I miss them too.\" The two girls embraced for a long time and refused to let go. When Lena left, she journeyed back into the woods and found the same spring from what seemed like centuries ago. Memories flooded back to her all at once from when they first met Jesse to when Miles kidnapped them. She couldn't help but smile as she remembered that she now had feelings for someone she used to hate. Lena went up to the water and put some of it in a small vial. Truth be told, she was contemplating taking it, but it was a big decision and she needed some time. For now, she had to face the tasks set for her at hand and that included making sure Winnie wasn't alone throughout all of this. That night, Lena was lying in bed staring up at the ceiling. A huge storm was starting up outside that made her uneasy. \"Lena!\" she heard a familiar voice call out in a whisper. She turned her head to find Miles at her window. \"Miles!\" she exclaimed quietly. \"What are you doing here?\" \"We're in trouble. If Mae goes to the gallows, she won't die. Everyone will discover our secret. We need to get them out of there. Jesse's getting Winnie right now. I'll explain the plan on the way there.\" Lena nodded. \"I'll be right out.\" Miles disappeared and Lena threw on a nearly translucent cover over top of her white nightgown. Then she grabbed the vial of the spring water she had gotten earlier and tucked it into the pocket. Quietly, she nimbly went down the stairs without waking anyone, and slipped outside. Miles explained to her what he and Jesse were going to do and what Winnie and Lena would do. They all met up not far from the sheriff's station. \"You know what to do?\" Miles asked the both of them. Both girls nodded and got ready. Miles and Jesse put on the clothes they wore when they traveled in addition to the swords they owned. \"Let's do this,\" Lena said to Winnie. The two girls turned and bolted into the sheriff's station. They began banging on the door to where the night guard was, yelling and crying together. When the night guard finally opened the door, the two girls bolted inside. \"Help us! You have to stop them! They're after us!\" Winnie cried. \"Miss F—Miss Fo—Who's after you two?\" the night guard asked sleepily. \"The people who kidnapped us! They're going to take us away again! Our parents couldn't stop them! They're right outside!\" \"Don't let them take us away again!\" Lena pleaded. \"Please!\" \"You have to stop them! They'll kill us if they find us!\" The night guard grabbed his gun. \"Please, they're going to kill us, please!\" \"Stay right there!\" he ordered. \"I'll handle this.\" He left and the two girls smiled at each other broadly. \"Help!\" Winnie called out with a smile. Lena looked at her friend. \"You get Mae and Angus and I'll go keep watch.\" \"You got it!\" Lena went to the door and stood behind the night guard to watch what happened. She had to admit that both of the boys looked pretty intimidating dressed in such dark clothes in the middle of a storm with their swords out. \"Come out and meet your doom!\" Jesse screamed. \"Hell is upon you!\" Lena couldn't help but roll her eyes at his extremely overdramatic words. \"Stop right there!\" the night guard said. The boys continued to approach him in a dramatic fashion. \"You're under arrest! Stay back, now! I'll shoot!\" He took his shotgun and shot Jesse twice. Miles opened up his jacket in an invitation. The night guard took it and shot Miles twice as well. Lena couldn't help but wince as the bullets came in contact with him. The two boys lay motionless on the ground for a few seconds before they stood up without a scratch. The night guard took one look at them and ran off. \"And he's supposed to be the brave one,\" Lena mumbled. Angus, Mae, and Winnie ran up behind her. \"The coast is clear,\" she told them. Miles got the horses and the cart and they all prepared to leave. \"My dear, sweet Winnie and Lena,\" Mae said as she hugged the girls. \"What I wouldn't do to keep both of you. I wish you were ours for Jesse and Miles. For all of us.\" \"You have to hurry and get away from here,\" Winnie said with tears in her eyes. \"Winnie!\" Jesse said as he ran up to her. \"Winnie, come with me. There's nothing for you here. We can be together forever.\" \"If she comes with us, they'll hunt us down,\" Angus insisted. \"They'll never stop looking.\" \"Tuck is right,\" Winnie told him. \"If I go with you, it'll be too dangerous for all of you.\" Jesse looked at her with tears in his eyes. \"I can't go without you.\" Winnie tearfully kissed him and hugged him. \"You have to.\" \"Go back to the spring. Drink from it. When it's safe, I'll come back for you.\" \"Will you?\" \"I have to show you the Eiffel Tower, don't I?\" \"1,652 steps to the top.\" \"Winnie, until we're together again…wake up with the dawn.\" \"I will.\" Lena looked over at Miles and Angus and Mae. After all of the events that had taken place, she knew that she could never be apart from any of them. Not when she had learned what it felt like to be loved after sixteen years. She took Winnie's hands in her own. \"Winnie,\" she said softly. \"You'll always be my best friend. You know that. But I can't stay here.\" At those words all of the Tucks looked at her intently. Tears began rolling down Lena's cheeks. \"I've finally felt what it's like to have a family. I can't lose that now. I can't just go back to the way I was living. With parents who don't even want me.\" \"Are you saying you want to come with us?\" Angus asked her. Lena nodded. \"My parents want me gone anyway. I'll be doing them a favor in the end if I go with you.\" \"Lena,\" Mae said. \"If you come with us, you can't come back for many, many years. You know that right?\" \"Yes. And not being able to see Winnie will hurt me, but how can I stay when…I'm in love?\" Miles's head whipped over to her and he immediately dismounted from his horse and went over to her. \"You love me?\" \"So much.\" \"I love you too.\" Lena turned back to Winnie, feeling her heart beating faster in her chest at hearing the words she had longed to hear ever since she could remember. \"I told you at the beginning of the summer that when it comes to love, you just know. And right now, I know. Winnie, he's lost the woman he loves once. I can't put him through that again. I want to be with him forever.\" She reached into her pocket and pulled out the vial. \"Is that water from the spring?\" Miles asked her. Lena nodded slowly. \"Yes.\" \"Lena,\" Angus said warningly. \"If you drink that water, you have to make sure you know the consequences of that decision.\" \"I would rather spend every second of every day with you all than stay here with a family who doesn't even want me. I know what I'm doing. I've thought long and hard about it. I want to stay with you forever.\" She put the vial to her lips and sipped the water. It tasted unlike anything she had ever put in her mouth before. It was incredible and she could almost feel its powers course through her body. \"Winnie,\" she said, taking the girl's hands again. \"You have been the sister to me that I always wanted. You were there for me when I needed someone and I can never thank you enough for that. I will always love you.\" The two girls shared a tight and tearful embrace. \"Come on,\" Miles said softly. \"We gotta get out of here now.\" \"Good-bye,\" Lena whispered. \"Bye,\" Winnie whispered back. They held hands as long as they possibly could before the space between them was too much and their hands slipped away from each other. She felt multiple tears slide down her cheeks as she mounted Miles's horse and sat in front of him. \"Winnie Foster!\" she heard Jesse call out as the cart took off. \"I will love you 'til the day I die!\" While Lena could not have been more heartbroken about leaving Winnie, the girl she loved more than anything, she was grateful that she could be with the Tucks, people who loved her for who she was, literally forever.[Chapter 9] 1999 Lena took a deep breath and entered the room where a very old woman was lying down on a bed, obviously very close to her final days. \"Hi, Winnie,\" she said to the woman. The woman slowly turned her head and smiled at the girl at the door. \"Lena Bennett. You haven't aged a day.\" Lena couldn't help but laugh. \"Thank you.\" \"I guess I'm finally older than you, aren't I?\" \"Nice try. I'm 104, still four years older than you.\" Winnie laughed lightly. \"Nonsense. You don't look a day over nineteen.\" She looked over at the young girl and noticed something. \"Is that a ring I see?\" Lena smiled broadly. \"Yeah. Miles and I got married about a year after we left Treegap. We ended up having two beautiful girls and a boy. Mattie, Olivia, and Ben.\" \"How are they?\" Lena knew very well what she was asking. She wasn't asking simply how they were getting along. She was asking if they were even alive at all and what age they were if so. \"When they were old enough to understand, we told them about the spring water and we allowed them to choose whether they wanted to drink it or not. None of them decided to. Mattie passed on a few years ago. Olivia too. Ben is about 78 now and he is still as wild as ever.\" \"What have you been doing?\" \"Well, after we left, we found a place to stay pretty far from Treegap. We all stayed together for a while. Then after the wedding, Miles, Jesse, and I would all go away for ten years and then reunite with Angus and Mae and spend some time together. Right now, I'm alone. They don't even know I'm here.\" \"It's hard to believe that Miles has found someone to love so much.\" Lena smiled and fingered her ring. \"We've had some arguments, but we love each other just as much as we did that one summer. But there will always be a huge part of him that loves his first wife. Just like there will always be a huge part of Jesse that loves you.\" \"Has he…found anyone?\" The tone of her voice suggested she was almost afraid of the answer. \"No, no one. He just hasn't found anyone that he loves as much as you.\" Tears formed in Lena's eyes and began making strides down her cheeks. \"He's missed you. We all have. Especially me.\" Winnie smiled weakly. \"I'm glad I got to see you one more time.\" Lena took Winnie's hand. \"Me too. I love you, Winnie. And I always will. I promise.\" \"I love you too, Lena. I always have. And I've never stopped thinking about you.\" \"And I you. You will always have a special place in my heart. And just like me, that will never die.\" She gently kissed her good friend on her forehead. \"Good-bye.\" Lena left the room slowly, making the last moment she had with the woman she still called her sister never end. Once outside, tears freely flowed down her cheeks. Winnie was always her best and truest friend. And nothing, not even immortality, would ever change that. ","Summary":" Well, after 13 consecutive Christian Bale stories, I guess it's time for me to finally move on to o"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Forbidden Love","Author":"Emi Fumiko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7451043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jesse tuck's point of view I kneel-ed down at Winnie's grave. She was gone at I couldn't believe it. I stared at her grave. 1899-1999, wow 100 years old, probably a grandmother. The thought hurt me, she probably got married. There was rustling in the trees and bushes behind the grave. A beautiful girl with long black ringlets appeared. \" oh my goodness you scared me,\" she yelled. She gave me a questioning look,\" who are you anyway.\" I sat there wondering the same thing. I spoke,\" I was a friend of Winnie's.\" Which was true of course in some manner. The Young girl stopped staring at me at said, \" Oh, I am her youngest granddaughter, the youngest of seven sisters. I was my grandmother's favorite she used to tell me all the time. My name is Rose Foster and I'm 15.\" I sat there staring at the young girl, she was breathtaking. She was waring a dark purple t-shirt and black jeans, she was thin and probably came to my shoulders in height. Besides her black ringlets, she had dark green eyes and was waring black lipstick. Her skin was a beautiful pale white color that looked gorgeous against her raven black hair. I realized I had been staring and answered. \" Hi, I'm Jesse Tuck, I'm 17 and I have an older brother Miles.\" I stopped talking when she looked at me with astonishment. \"Wait Jesse tuck, would your parents be Mae and Angus tuck.\" I nodded my head. Her astonishment turned to excitement. \"I will explain. My grandmother told me a story about a young boy he never grew old or died.\" Rose explained the whole thing to me and told me the story's her grandmother had told her, when she was finished she said, \"I was the only one grans told, I always believed her. Things changed when she died. I felt less happy and things began moving slower and holding no meaning. You see I was closer to grans then any other family member, even my own mother.\" She looked shocked and horrified for a second and I wondered why she then said quickly.\" I am so sorry you came here to see my grans I am so bothering you now right, I should go, I am also sorry for loading all this on to you, I just fell ;like I know you because of grans story's.\"she then got up and slowly placed a rose on the gravestone. \"You see,\" she said, \"grans named me after favorite flower, roses, I love them too.\" As she walked back to the bushes behind the head stone she turned back and said, \"don't you worry I won't tell anyone your secret, it used to be a secret between me and grans, now its a secret between you and me.\" With that she disappeared into the bushes. I looked at the headstone one more time then left felling to much grieve to stay, at I couldn't help but think of Rose all the way back to my home and family, she was right I would never grow old and never die, nether wold my family. HOPE YOU LIKED IT. THERE WILL BE ANOTHER CHAPTER. IS JESSE FALLING FOR ROSE? WILL ROSE FALL FOR JESSE KEEP READING TO FIND OUT. PLEASE![Chapter 2] Rose fosters point of view I ran back to my house. I admired it from the outside. Grans always used to tell me that the house looked exactly the same as it did when she was a child from the outside, but the inside was completely different. I didn't want to go inside, my seven sisters were awful. The three oldest never left each other sides and they hated my, they were major control freaks and crushed on every hot guy they looked and always ranting on about love, I never wanted to fall in love, love was a stupid emotion, you always get hurt no mater how much you try not to. They're always thinking the world revolves around them and that every one loves them. I am just sick of it. The two middle sisters were twins and it always seemed I was the only one that could tell them apart good god even mother couldn't tell them apart. They were fine I guess, we got along and all, but I wouldn't call us close friend. Only grans could fill the loneliness I felt. The sister before me was kind and sweet she stayed by herself. I miss her a lot, she is staying in the hospital because she had a curable cancer mother refuses to tell me which kind, but it got worst so she is staying at the hospital during the time she is being cured. I know I have to go in so I walk into the living room and Lizzie the oldest sister greets me. \" Oh look, and here is our depressed baby sister. Your late for lunch you idiot.\" With that she walked off. \"Honey how are you, did you visit your grandmother again today, you go every day I am beginning to worry its been 3 years you have to move on.\" That voice hurt me, I could never move on. I turned to see mother. She was waring a tight black dress. \"You going out again mother.\" I asked even though I know the answer. \"Of course honey.\" With that she walked out the door. She left me in a house full of people who hate me. You could call the strangers. Yes she left me in a house full of strangers, but as I thought about it she was also a stranger. I went to my room on the second floor, it used to be grans room. I had painted the walls black after grans died. My sister was right I was depressed, but my only loved one that loved me was gone, how could I not be. I flopped onto the black comforter that rested neatly on my bed and thoughts of Jesse came to my mind. He looked so sad as he stared and my grans grave stone, at lest he under stood my pain. He looked just like grans had said he had when grans was 15. He hadn't changed a bit, grans said he wouldn't. He never would grow or change. His dark brown hair reminded me of hot chocolate and he had warm brown eyes, just like grans said. Had they really loved each other so much that he would appear 85 years later to find her. See, love only hurts. I wanted to talk to him again, he under stands my pain, he was the only one that under stands my pain. I will go to see grans just like any other day, it was summer so I will right in my diary out there, I haven't written out there in at least one week . I would wait for Jesse. It was only to discuss our pain, but I know there another reason I what to see him but I don't no what it is. My heart rushes when I think of him. It is not love, I will never fall in love, grans thought me that real love will only hurt, she didn't know she had, but she had, love, never, not for me. DOES SHE LOVE JESSE. WILL A LOVE TRIANGLE APPEAR. DOES TRUE LOVE ONLY HURT. KEEP READING TO FIND OUT.[Chapter 3] Miles point of view I dressed for the warm day ahead. My family and I are going to see Winnie Foster's grave. I sat on the porch and am watching the lake and trees. Winnie used to be so sweet. She always had good intentions no mater what, I wish I could see her again. I am excited to meet, rose. Jesse tells me see is beautiful and knows about us, and she cared a lot about Winnie. \"Come Miles,\" Said Mae. I turned around to see Mae waring a nice sun dress and Jesse and Tuck waring cloths that had come from this time. I was over 200 years old, but I looked 21. I hate immortality. Tuck spoke first, \" Come Jesse shows us were it is,\" I could see Tuck was carrying a Lily in his right hand. \" Oh,\" he continued, \" Make sure we meet this Rose girl.\" \" I will,\" Jesse said, \" She is living in the house Winnie... used to live in.\" When he finished in was evident he was felling much grieve. Jesse lead them through the forest to a very small clearing. \" Here it,\" he stopped and I could see his head directed in a different direction. I looked over, oh my gosh she was flawless. Her hair shown like ebony in the afternoon sun and her pale white shin almost seems like porcelain that could easily break if held to hard, but she had this strange strength to her. She's waring all black, she is goth like as Jesse described.. I walked forward but accidentally stepped onto a twig. After the snap the girl look up and in her eyes was something I had dealt with a lot after my wife and children left me. There is pain in her stunning green eyes. \" Hi\" said Jesse, he stepped forward and helped her up. \" Hello,\" she looked at us, \" you must be Mae, Tuck, and Miles, My name is Rose.\" She looked at the ground. She is so innocent and sweet, I felt so bad for her. \"Hello child,\" Mae spoke, \" how are...\" \"I am not a child,\" Rose interrupted, her voice like honey. Mae looked shocked. Rose continued, \" I am not a child, I can take care of myself, I mean I have since my grans died.\" She looked like she said the last part more to herself then us. She looked up again then stated, \" I will wait through hear if you want to take to me when you are done please don't rush.\" With that she walked through the bushed and disappeared. OH, IS MILES FALLING FOR ROSE? WILL JESSE GET JEALOUS, FIND OUT IN LATOR CHAPTORS.[Chapter 4] When the family was done they walked through the bushes to find Rose sitting on the dirt writing in her diary. Behind her was the house Winnie used to live in the felt grieve spreading within them. Mae noticed how Jesse stared at Rose. It was full of compassion and sweetness. Rose looked up. Oh hello you guys.\" She smiled and Miles felt butterfly's. My family is here you wouldn't want to meet them they're pretty bad. May I , if I wouldn't be intruding, can I see your house that is in the forest behind my house?\" Mae spoke up, \" Of course you can, follow us.\" Then the tucks lead the young girl to there cottage by the lake. \"Wow it looks just like she said it would,\" Rose yelled out of excitement and then ran towards the cottage.\" She is amazing, and sweet and so young and full of life, but I am scared she as been alone ever since Winnie died, thought Jesse. The family followed her inside. Rose was so amazed that it was exactly as her grans described it would be. Rose felt awful they hadn't been there in her last moments with grans they didn't know , she had to tell them. \" Can I tell you guys something?\" Rose asked cautiously. \" Of course Rose,\" Responded Angus Tuck. So Rose Started, \" I know you guys must really miss grans I do to. I wanted to tell you something so you didn't fell as bad.\" Rose looked around the room at of the faces she saw showed they were interested so she continued, \" You see grans told me she wanted to drink from the spring but decided to go explore parts of the world first, she always told me that every step of the way she missed you at she told me once that she told herself she wanted to explore the world to see what was out there. But she know deep in her heart she was trying to find you guys. She said that when she got back her mother had already arranged a marriage and that she had liked the man like a friend a very best friend but there had never been love between them, but they never found it awkward they got along very nicely.\" Rose stopped when Jesse ran out of the room. \"Oh I am so sorry to make you guys upset!\" Rose yelled as she ran out of the room she didn't stop even though she heard Mae calling out after her. Rose ran to her room she was glad her family had left for there vacation already and had conveniently forgotten her typical. Rose flopped onto her bed and thoughts of Jesse can to her mind. How his chocolate brown hair draped over his eyes and his eyes were so brown. And his lips must be so soft. No thought Rose I refuse to fall for Jesse of Miles or anyone. If Jesse ever fell for her it would only be because so was grans replacement and she refused to be a replacement. EVERYONE WATING FOR ROMANCE WILL FIND IT. THE NEXT CHAPTER IS FULL TO THE BRIME WITH ROMANCE AND PASSION.[Chapter 5] Light streaked in through the window, and Rose groaned and rolled onto her stomach, blocking her eyes from the rays of light. She sighed and decided to get up still upset for hurting the tuck family. They were so nice. Miles didn't seem as bad a grans said he would be. He was nice id light brown hair a deep swirling eyes. No I won't fall for him ether. God she hadn't every liked guys in her life and now she was daydreaming about two. Stupid, stupid me, she thought. Over and the Tuck's house they were already up hustling and bustling around the house. Breakfast was on the table and they all sat down. Jesse was oddly quiet still thinking over what Rose said yesterday. Miles was also thinking about yesterday except he was thinking about Rose and her words were drown out. May and Angus had talked this yesterday night and had already moved on. They heard a knock on the door, miles walked over and answered, surprised by who was outside there door. Rose bowed her head and stepped inside. She looked around and quietly sat down and quickly spoke \" look I am really sorry about yesterday and I am especially sorry for making Jesse so upset he ran out of the room please forgive me,\" with that she ran out the door and sprinted home. Jesse realizing she had left ran after her felling bad she had miss under stood. Yes he was upset about Winnie, but the pain on Rose's face was to much for him to bare he had to run out of the room. He ran up to the door but instead climbed up the window to her room. She was laying face door on her bed, in any other situation this would have been funny but Jesse could tell she was hurting. He soundlessly walked to her bed and sat down. When he sat down Rose jumped in to the air on off her bed. But now she was siting on the side of her bed her face inches from Jessie's. His warm breath on her face. Her mind went blank and she leaned in.[Chapter 6] Hi every one, Look, I will not make another chapter or update again until I hear from you. Maybe just you comment or, maybe, what you want to happen. But I need more reviews. Please review![Chapter 7] Flashback Jesse realizing she had left ran after her felling bad she had miss under stood. Yes he was upset about Winnie, but the pain on Rose's face was to much for him to bare he had to run out of the room. He ran up to the door but instead climbed up the window to her room. She was laying face door on her bed, in any other situation this would have been funny but Jesse could tell she was hurting. He soundlessly walked to her bed and sat down. When he sat down Rose jumped in to the air on off her bed. But now she was siting on the side of her bed her face inches from Jessie's. His warm breath on her face. Her mind went blank and she leaned in. End of Flashback As she leaned in Jesse's hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her closer. Rose's arms wrapped around Jesse's neck and her hands tangles in his hair. Jesse then pulled her into a kiss. Rose's lips tasted like strawberry's and chocolate. Rose stopped kissing to push Jesse on the bed. She then started to straddle his waist. There lips met again and Jesse pulled her even closer to him with her hair. She started to rock back and forth her mind cloudy. She wasn't sure of what she was doing. Then the door bell rang. Rose jumped off Jesse ruining the moment. \"I have to get that.\" Ros said rushing out of the room. She walked down stairs to the door. She then opened it. Miles was standing outside. \" Um, hi Miles.\" Rose stated. \" Look I wanted to apologize for Jesse. And to see if you were alright.\" Miles said. \" Ya I'm OK, just a little tired I guess, I was nice seeing you again though, maybe would could do something together sometime.\" Rose replied. \" Yes, that would be great, well see you around.\" Miles retorted. \" Yep, bye.\" Rose yelled after him as he walked down her drive way. Rose P.O.V Oh, god. Now I have to walk back upstairs to my room, and talk to Jesse. Please be gone when I get there. Normal P.O.V. Rose walked back up the stairs and through her open bedroom door. Jesse was no where I site. She walked up to her window and closed it. She then changed into her Pj's and went to bed.[Chapter 8] Summer had ended. Rose got up at 6:00. Ate breakfast. Brushed her teeth, and combed her hair. She then decided to wear a purple blouse with black poke-a-dots. Black jeans. Purple flats and a black denim jacket. Rose let her hair hang down her back, and see set out for school, her back-pack heavily sling over her right shoulder. As she reached the front doors a hand behind her grabbed her and pulled her into a a hug. She looked up and laughed. \" Hey Conner long time no see, how was Europe?\" Asked Rose. He answered. \" It was boring with out my Rosie.\" She chucked. He looked the same. His light red hair falling into his sky blue eyes. He was wearing dark blue jeans and a brown top. He snickered. \" You know Rosie,your oldest sister Lizzie, has always had her eye on me.\" Rose smiles. Conner was the most popular guy in school, wanted by every girl. But he didn't notice them, and Rose was secretly glad. They were childhood friends. And she didn't want him to leave her because of a girly-girl. They walked into school together. They talked about they're summer, Rose left out some parts. They then talked about his time in Europe. They laughed. Rose had really missed him. He was the center of her world when her grans died. He knew that. And hung out with her a lot, and loved every minute of it. They were talking about nothing in particular when something caught Rose's eyes. She turned and saw Jesse, reaching into a locker and pulling out books. She also noticed lots of girls staring at him, much to her dismay. She was shocked as an unknown felling raised out of the pit of her stomach, she pin pointed it as, jealousy. Oh, this as going to be a long day. It was lunch and Rose had already had 3 out of 5 classes with Jesse. Conner had been in one, Literature ,but the other was intensively awkward. They hadn't sat together, but still,it was bad. All Rose could think about was the other night. \" Who is that, you seemed pretty fidgety in class and would even look in his direction.\" Conner asked. \" His name id Jesse Tuck.\" Replied Rose. \" No way, my great whatever grandfather told a story about the Tuck family, about them being immortal, and that his father, Carl Yellow, (A.K.A. Man in the Yellow suit.) had been trying to find them, but they killed him. What are the chances, do you think it's them?\" Rose froze. He was related to the man in the yellow suit, at last that's what grands had called him. But Conner was different. \" No, probably just a fake story. Just a coincidence.\" Rose said. \" Ya your right.\" Replied Conner. AFTER SCHOOL Rose exited the school. Out of 8 classes she had 4 with Jesse. This would be a long year. And Conner just had to be related to the man in the yellow suit. She just hoped it wouldn't get worse.[Chapter 9] On Temporary Hiatus I've been putting some of my sorry on hiatus, but I really like this one No, I'm not really felling it any more, but I don't want to give up. I will not be updating any time soon. So just think of it as a temporary Hiatus. I like this story. So I'm very, very, very sorry. I hope you understand. Sorry Again Bye ","Summary":" Jesse tuck's point of view I kneel-ed down at Winnie's grave. She was gone at I couldn't believe it"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"In This Life","Author":"Kate Moore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4390889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Part of me inherently knows that the death of Danny Archer was inevitable (perhaps because Leonardo DiCaprio has quite a knack for dying). However, another part of me longed for some sort of justification for the obvious feelings between Maddy and Archer. I realize that the film is a beautifully depicted, albeit tragic, cliffhanger (in terms of love), but I had to answer the question of 'what if' in my own way. I know all of you were wondering as well, so hopefully this does our characters justice. I hope you enjoy this, as I have enjoyed composing it. What might have been… Prologue Maddy Bowen Cape Town From the second I saw him across that bar, I knew that he was that missing void. Sure, I see plenty of excitement- that's why I do what I do. Even when I was a kid, though, I was still the same hopeless romantic that my adventurous spirit masks so well. I'm around men all day long, many of them tall, strong and appealing…with accents…but before he even spoke I knew that he was different. Even when he did speak (and of course, with that exotic lilt) he had an air of cynicism, but, given his 'Rhodesian' state of mind, I came to the conclusion that anyone born and raised in one of many African war zones would be just the same. That was what drew me to him. I once told him he was a hard case; he shrugged me off and kept his reasons buried until I pried at his heart. He opened up to me, and now I know. Now, safe under my supervision, I catch glimpses of his lost childhood every day as he becomes more and more the love of my life. Although he lies asleep much of the time (I don't blame him…plus, it's become a hobby of mine to admire him as he doses), I adore watching him dress when he decides to get out of bed. The man cannot manage to get a shirt buttoned up without missing one…or two. When I bring the mismatch to his macho attention, his little tantrum is priceless, and I get the best end of the deal; he'll just give up and leave it unbuttoned all day. With such quirks, I sometimes forget that the man has such precision with a machine gun. For now, I just like to forget about all that. He's here with me, and he's safe…his wounds will heal. Now that it's just us, we have to start all over again without all the 'T.I.A.' nonsense. As much as both of our lives have been bound to the local humanity, we both agree that if we're going to work something out, we need to get away and just be bound to each other for a while. Neither of us can complain about that. Maybe it's selfish in terms of the moral backdrop I've created for myself, but I dare say that I love this man, and that taking care of him is worth all the effort and tenderness that I put into the job. Maybe that's why I'm here writing about him- writing is the only way I know how to gather substantial thoughts. I know that soon he won't be dependent on my care. He's a quick healer and a stubborn one at that. It's as though he wants desperately to return my tenderness, but he hasn't a clue of how. He's an orphan; he has no memory of ever being held or comforted, so returning the sentiment is a lesson that I'll have to teach him along the way. Sometimes he wakes up in the night and calls for me fearfully. \"I just had a bad dream. I'm sorry I woke you, Maddy\" he'll whisper back, his tone somewhat hard and embarrassed. \"It's alright, everything's ok. Come here,\" I whisper, and after searching my eyes for a moment, he'll cling to me with all the strength in him, like a child frightened by the thunder. I can see in his eyes that he wonders if he even deserves my love. I tell him through words and actions that, \"Yes, I love you, and I will not stop loving you.\" He's changed; a moment of love, as Benjamin told him, even in a bad man can be redeeming. We talk about this when we sit out on the balcony. He asks me if God will forgive him. All I can do is tell him that I know there is goodness in him. Solomon knows it, and God knows his family does too. I say, \"God has an awful lot of witnesses on your side, Archer.\" (He's only 'Danny' when I find him curled up in my arms during the night). \"I'm sure he'd listen to us all.\" He seems satisfied with my answer, and I squeeze his hand that has been virtually attached to mine since the day we got him off the hill. The turbulent sea in his eyes subsides, and he looks over to me and asks, \"What's New York like, Maddy?\" This little bit of innocence is beautiful. I tell him, \"You'll find out for yourself. I'll show you everything.\" Again, he is satisfied, and he begins the tale of all the dreams he had as a boy…before he was forced to grow up and leave all hope of a future behind. \"I always knew I'd be a soldier, but I never thought it would come to this. Really, I don't know if I'm good at anything but knocking out R.U.F. and getting caught smuggling rocks, huh?\" You're very good at driving me absolutely insane…in a good way , I muse as he gazes out at the enigmatic meeting of the Atlantic and the Indian. From our elevated bungalow vantage, the two come together in a fury, one a deep turquoise and the other a lighter gray hue. Where they meet, the colors intertwine brilliantly forming a spectacularly fierce blue. It reminds me so much of his eyes. I can't imagine being here alone, not being able to see those eyes again. He almost became a lost memory, a photograph enclosed by my words in a silly magazine. Somehow, and thank God, stubborn Archer managed to hold on until I got to him…[Chapter 2] Chapter 1: Found Chapter 1:nFound Inremember: \"You should get on that plane,\"nhe said softly, poorly masking the lack of confidence in his request. I didn't want to, not in the least. He hesitantly took my wristnin his hand and shook it gently; it was his own warped improvisationnof some sort of hug (tenderness was not his specialty back then). Henrepeated himself, \"You should get on that plane,\" and In(mimicking that uncharacteristic tone of voice) countered, \"Sonshould you.\" If he had gotten on that plane with me, maybeneverything would have been fairy-tale perfect from that point on. Somehow, though, I think I'll always prefer the real story. The real story has plenty of struggle, fear, and pain, andnboth of us may always endure twinges of horrific memories. In thenend, all of that makes the love that grew and surpassed all thensweeter. \"I wishnyou were here, Maddy,\" he said to me, his voice cracking as hisnbody fought to stay alive. \"Alright, then I'm coming to be withnyou,\" I shot back while trying desperately to stay on my feetndespite trembling that had overcome all my senses. As soon as thenwords left my mouth, I forced my legs to catch a cab to the airport. I knew a media jet would be leaving in the evening, and I would be onnthat plane. \"I'm really glad I met you…\" As soon as Archerndropped the phone, I forced myself to keep going. He'llnbe alright. He's so strong, he's going to make it. ThanknGod for the connections I have. There were still two UNnrepresentatives left at Kono, and it was rather helpful to find theirncell numbers on speed dial. I arranged for a search group to tracenthe GPS coordinates of Archer's call to my phone and head in thatndirection. Those men must benangels, for as soon as my plane landed at the Kono base, I receivednnews that several civilians who were familiar with the hills had leftncamp in the helicopter in search of a left-behind mercenary. (That story would hopefullynbuy some time…because somehow I knew that Archer, not the rebels,nhad probably taken out the whole company by himself). I am not a fidgety or impatient person, but I cannotnrecall another time in my life when I have been such a wreck. Archernmakes me a living wreck, but, then again, I have somehow managed to soften him, to show himnthat it's alright to feel vulnerable and to be loved. Solomon madenhim quit smoking, so maybe the man can be manipulated into a 'normal'nhuman being…one I become more and more attached to daily. Afternseveral hours of pacing the camp, the familiar roar of the helicopternrang nearer and nearer. I camped out at the landing strip and stoodnstill until the cabin door opened, at which point I was jolted backninto my senses by the noise of my own feet hitting the ground as Inran toward the open door. Guess who came stumbling through the framenbetween the grip of two civilians. As I neared, the seriousness ofnthe situation dawned on me. The strongest, most stubborn man I knewnwas being dragged along by two other men, and he wasn't yet awarenof my presence because he could hardly hold his head up. His clothesnwere tattered and soaked in sweat and mud. His entire left side wasncovered in blood- I prayed that it wasn't his own. My flying feetnfirst came into his view, and he must have known it was me, becausenhe finally lifted his eyes. \"Maddy,\" he breathed. \"I told younI would get here,\" I managed. He nodded, a hopeful look in hisneyes. Overtaking that look was the pain. I relieved one of hisnescorts and wrapped an arm snuggly around his waist to keep him fromntoppling. That'snwhen both of us knew. The instant we touched again I think it was clear that \"…innanother life, maybe\" was no longer an option. We were meant to bentogether in this life. He seemed to relax a bit in my reassuring grip. We made our way tonthe medic's tent where the doctor and his team swarmed aroundnArcher. Somewhere amidst the chaos, I was escorted out. I arrangednfor the two of us to be flown off the base as soon as possible…tonCape Town. There were still several families of foreign nationals tonbe evacuated from the base, and we would be among them on theirnflight to the safe haven of South Africa. He would be safe therenuntil he was healed. Plus, the magazine's African headquartersnwere based in the city- I would use the connection to find us a placento stay. Once that was settled, I had nothing to do but sit andnworry. Will he pull through this? I can'tnlose him now. If we get to Cape Town, what will happen? Will weneven get along under normal circumstances? Does he even care to benwith me? I can't lose him now. After ancouple of miserable hours of waiting and nearly-suffering, thenmedic's head appeared outside the makeshift care unit, and hisnstare met my eyes. I silently entered the tent and was led to a darkncorner where I could make out a sleeping figure covered with a singlenblanket. He appeared to be dosing peacefully, but I was informednthat as soon as the morphine drip wore off, he would be awake andnscreaming for more. \"He's lucky to be alive. The bullet nearlynpierced the lung. It will be painful to breathe for a few weeks, butnhe will heal,\" the doctor said optimistically. I was relieved butnstill horrified. The only man I could possibly see myself building anlife with (ironically) was alive but lifeless . It was late, and the medic and his team were ending their night'snwork (with many having been evacuated, Archer was the only patient). I had to get him out before a connection was made between the livingnsmuggler and the bodies of the colonel and the company…or worsenyet, living witnesses of the whole incident. Quietly, Indrug one of the surrounding cots to where he slept so that the twonmattresses were touching. If I couldn't hold him like Indesperately wanted to, I would stay as close to him as I could. Despite the circumstances, I still felt safe. It must have been thenrealization that Archer was alive and that we had fulfilled ournpromise to one another. I told him I'd come to be with him; henfought to stay alive. As soon as we got to Cape Town, we could startnover. That inkling of hope was all I could cling to. I found hisnhand under the blanket and held it firmly in my own as I drifted offninto a light sleep.[Chapter 3] Chapter 2: Flight Chapter 2:nFlight Sometimenduring the night, I felt my own hand trembling. I opened my eyes andnfound that the source of the trembling was the figure next to me. Inpropped myself on my elbow, eager to determine his condition. Takingna moment to focus, he gazed up at me and breathed my name. Movingncloser to him, I laid my hand on his forehead and was shocked by thenheat. \"It's so damn cold,\" he managed. I immediately wentninto survival mode and stripped my cot (and the closest one to it) ofnsheets and blankets. I was sure that he had hypothermia and maybeneven the onset of pneumonia. I wasn't going to let it get anynfurther than that; he would never suffer again if I had anything tondo with it. I diligently swaddled him in all the sheets and gotnunder several blankets next to him. At that point, I could havencared less about what was going through his mind; I was going to getninto that bed with him no matter what. (We would later laugh aboutnthe incident, and he would reveal to me how, even in his drugged,nincapacitated state, he was quite aware of my grip on him). \"Better?\" was all I could manage innthe awkwardness of our intertwined bodies. He nodded drearily andnweakly squeezed my hand that he had laid over his chest. I'm notnsure how much I actually slept that night. I do know that thenmajority was spent in staring at him and reassuring myself that hisnheart was still beating under my palm. I awoke around sunrise andnwas relieved to find him sleeping peacefully and without any sign ofnpain in his face; much of the color had returned to his cheeks. Inslipped out of bed and found the medic. \"Your plane has arrivednMs. Bowen. We should prepare Mr. Archer for the flight.\" I agreednand returned to his bedside to attempt to wake him gently. I tooknhis hand in mine and lightly kissed his wrist. \"It's time to go,nArcher. We're going to get out of here,\" I said quietly as henblinked and adjusted to the light. \"We've got to catch ournflight, alright?\" \"What the hell would I do without you,\" henwhispered, eyes still closed. I giggled and gently patted his chest. \"You'd freeze to death, I think\" I replied, not even wantingnto think about that happening. At that point, two soldiers appeared with a long woodennboard that they would use to carry Archer to the plane. \"Ah, fuck,nI'd rather walk.\" I couldn't help but smile and think tonmyself, I sure missed that mouth. As soon asnthe crew managed to get him on the plane and into a makeshift bedn(the removal of the armrest between two seats, an assortment ofnblankets and pillows, and the fully reclined position), he was givennan oversized swig of 'Jack Daniels,' which knocked him out almostnimmediately. As the plane took off, I tried to make myselfncomfortable in the remaining seat next to him. The base became antiny black spot among emerald hills, and my attention returned to thensleeping figure next to me. I reached out to place my hand on hisnforehead once again and discovered that the heat had subsidednimmensely. Satisfied and already eager to land, I went over the plannthat I had crafted the night before. We'llnbe picked up and brought to the American embassy. From there, I'llncall headquarters and arrange a place to stay. Will they questionnhis identity? I'll say he's another journalist (after all, he'snalready played that game). I'll explain how he was salvaged fromnthe press convoy that, realistically, only we had survived. Theynwon't care. I'm the only one (beside Archer himself) that knowsnwho really killed the colonel. They won't suspect anything there. I'll pay someone from headquarters to go pick up some clothes,nfood, and necessities. I won't do it myself; I won't do anythingnthat calls for me to leave his side. Somewherenamidst those thoughts, I fell asleep. We bothnawoke several hours later when we felt wheels on solid ground; we hadnfinally landed. \"Maybe you should get shot more often,\" I jokednas his condition enabled us to skip customs and the maze of securitynduties. \"Ja, ja. As long as you keep me warm every night Inwouldn't complain.\" We shared a quiet laugh as I led him throughnthe airport and to our waiting car. Once he was in, I assessed hisncondition; having to walk had induced a sort of asthma-like reaction. \"I'm alright,\" he choked as I rubbed his back. Soon afterncatching his breath, he began to nod off once again. There's ancharacteristic lack of comfort in a South African LandnRover…especially for those with gunshot wounds and the accompanyingnaches and pains. When he struggled to sit upright, I wrapped my armnaround his shoulders and pulled him nearer. \"Here,\" I stated,nmotioning toward my available shoulder as a softer alternative fornhis aching head. He complied and began to relax a bit. Of course, Inwas satisfied- he was safe, and even better, he was safe in my arms. The carnpulled up to a one-story building on the outskirts of the city afternabout an hour's drive. I assured the driver that I'd returnnshortly and looked upon the recently awakened Archer deep in the eyesnas if to say, \"Don't you move an inch.\" Upon entering thenbuilding, I was greeted by a secretary. Having heard my entrance,nthe director, obviously expecting me, appeared in a doorway acrossnthe brightly lit hallway. \"Hello, Ms. Bowen. We've receivednyour message.\" I held my breath as I waited for him to continue. \"…And we'd be happy to accommodate you for the time being. I've arranged a suite for you, and you should be quite pleased withnthe view.\" Internally, I was on my knees kissing the man's feet,nbut outside, I was my typical, composed self. Thankful that I couldnstill manage some self-control, I became aware of how rampant mynemotions had become. Maybe I was just dreadfully tired andnon-edge…or maybe it had something to do with what I was feeling fornthe man who was presently dosing out in the car. I was thennled to an office where two men, the director's assistants, werenbusy on their computers. When we entered they sat at attention. \"The one on the left, here, is Brendan. He will pick up anythingnyou might need for your stay and deliver it to you. Have a seatnhere, and we'll soon get you on your way. I understand you have annunder-the-weather companion?\" \"Yes, he's fairly drowsy andnunsteady on his feet, but I'd say he'll be himself in no time…\"nalthough part of me wished I could take care of him forever. Archernreally doesn't need much taking care of though, or at least, that'snthe sort of attitude he maintains…we'll see. Intook a seat in front of the desk and began to think about what wenmight need. There will be plenty of food andndrink there. I've got enough clothes for now. Archer only hasnwhat's on his back. \"You look about hisnsize, Brendan. Do you think you could pick up some clothes in yournsize? The shirts ought to be a bit broader through the shoulders,nthough…and some medical supplies: gauze, large bandages, andnantiseptic ought to do the trick. If it's not too much trouble,nsome strong liquor might be beneficial as well. I think that shouldnhold us over.\" Brendan diligently scribbled the list of my ordersnand said pleasantly, \"Yes ma'am, of course.\" Thankfully, thenwhole process was 'as simple as that.' The director appeared innthe doorway and led me back to the main hallway. \"Feel free to letnme know if you should need further assistance. Brendan will be bynshortly with your supplies…and we've equipped your quarters well. Think of this as…a vacation…far from the dangers of SierranLeone.\" Alright, Inthought, but it'll only turn into a vacationnwhen Archer's back to his fully functioning, obnoxious (yetnunusually attractive) self. Until then, I'll be on-edge like nonother. Somewherenamidst my rambling 'thank you' about a trillion times, I wound upnback in the Land Rover. A weak, raspy voice next to me said,n\"Hey…how's it?\" \"We're set…we get to go on a vacation,\"nI answered. \"Alright, count me in.\" I giggled- giggled -nat his never-failing sarcasm. And wenwere off.[Chapter 4] Chapter 3: Almost Chapter 3:nAlmost Throughnhis rough young life, he's developed an encasement of cynicism thatnkeeps everyone out. He certainly stands out, which is why his peculiar guarded naturencaught my attention. As a connoisseur of words, I'd say that he isna living paradox. He's classically beautiful ,nlike an old-time Hollywood actor, and he's as charming as could benwithout any effort. To contrast what anyone would surely perceive ofnhis personality, he is actually a loner; he cared for no one bynchoice. I guess it was somewhat simple for me to figure out why he was the way he was- all it took was a bit ofnprying (I have a knack for prying; that's why I've made a careernout of it), a rough day, and some palm wine. Inremember: \"…boo-hoo right?\" He had justnrevealed the horrific fate of his parents. He was only nine yearsnold. I wondered how a child of that age- having seen such tragedy-ncould learn to live again. \"Ah, what's the point then…\" henasked shakily as his head fell wearily into his hand. I realizednthat he hadn't lived since then. Sure, he was living, but henwasn't alive. Thensmuggling, fighting, not giving a shit- all that apparent roughnessnwas holding him back, and as I watched him there, memories floodingnback, I knew that he had a heart that was capable of being revived. In opening up to me, he had taken the first breaths of a pseudo newnbeginning. Before Incould even think, my hand ventured up to his face. At the instant ofncontact, he raised his eyes and gave me his characteristic stare,nonly this one was complete with the threat of tears. I didn'tnexpect his skin to be so soft; in fact the contact felt so right that my hand may as well have been glued to his face. I caressedngently, and his stare persisted until a single tear drifted down mynhand. I couldn't take it anymore. I jolted both of us out of thennight's stillness by moving from my seat in front of him to the onenat his side. My abruptness gave him the chance to sober up a bit,nbut before he could collect himself, he was wrapped in my embrace. Quite surprisingly, he didn't flinch. He settled into my arms andneven dared to lay his head on my shoulder. We remained that way fornan eternity, both of us afraid to make another move. At somenpoint, I realized that he had drifted into a still slumber. Had itnnot been for the threat of rebel attack, I would have stayed outnthere with him all night. To my dismay several cracks of a distantnuzi forced us both back to attention. The initial fear in his eyesnwas uncharacteristic, and to this day I swear that I felt his still-near body tremble. \"We should get inside,\"nI stated quietly. He nodded and helped me to my feet. We made ournway silently to the room that we were to share. He began making annest for himself on the cold floor, and I insisted that we couldnshare the bed. \"If you sleep down there you won't be able to getnup in the morning,\" I said, trying to lighten the mood. \"Itnwouldn't be the first time, huh.\" Our smiles met briefly, and henglared out the window while I settled into possibly (due to the day'snhorrors) the most comfortable bed I'd ever encountered. I lay onnmy side and felt him slide under the blankets. \"Goodnight, Maddy,\"nI heard him whisper through the darkness. \"Sleep well,\" Inreturned…holding back all the things I really wanted to say. My thoughts consumed me andnprohibited sleep. A grenadenexploded frighteningly close to the house, and its proximity knockednthe wind out of me. Archer was already sat up in bed, eyesntransfixed on the window, as if rebels would come streaming in at anynsecond. I unconsciously searched for his hand and found it clenchedninto a fist under the covers. Recognizing my fear, he intertwinednour fingers and lay back down. Without words, he gently tugged on mynhand until we were face to face- close enough to feel each other'snbreath. Before either of us could find the courage to make the nextnmove, we were dead asleep. Bynmidmorning the next day, we had said our awkward goodbyes. I clungnto the chance that he would find the stone and call me, like I'dnever-so-suavely suggested. I inherently knew that making it out ofnthe bush alive would be a miracle; this was a constant nagging,nhaunting reality. When I picked up my phone and heard his crackingnvoice two afternoons later, I knew that everything was either alrightnor dreadfully wrong…[Chapter 5] Chapter 4: Home Chapter 4:nHome Memoriesnof that night at Benjamin's and his voice over the phone driftednback to me as we drove to our temporary abode. Allnthat's over now, I kept telling myself, wencan start over. The apartment was situatednin a quaint little village overlooking the city and the cataclysmicnAtlantic and Indian oceans. From the hilltop, the cape shimmerednbrilliantly as the sun drifted lazily off to the west; dusk was onlynseveral hours away from engulfing Africa's southern tip. The LandnRover drifted to a halt in front of a shaded bungalow, the lastnbuilding on the hilltop alley. The final stop brought Archer backnfrom his state of unconsciousness, and he tried to get on his feet anbit too quickly. His head ended up in his hands as he tried to fightnthe dizziness. \"Easy there,\" I said as a groan of pain escapednhim. \"You're going to have to take it easy for a while.\" \"Ja,nja…\" We eventually got into the apartment…me half-dragging himnuntil we finally made it to the place's single bedroom. Mynattempted gentleness failed as both of us collapsed in a heap on thenbed. Again, his lungs couldn't catch up with him, and he clutchednhis chest in agony. It was most painful for me; knowing that therenwas nothing I could do to ease the pain was unbearable. Nevertheless, his body eventually decided that sleep was more of anpriority than trying to stay awake; he was out once again. This gavenme the opportunity to explore our little bungalow. The view wasnbreathtaking; from the bedroom balcony, fierce ocean slammed age-oldnrocks below, while calm shores lined a cove just to the east. Inturned around and gazed past the low roof, and my eyes were surprisednat the intimidating outline of Table Mountain, which I swear I couldnhave reached out and touched in such close proximity. There was anlovely hot tub carved into the native stones that separated the housenfrom the surrounding wilderness, and I couldn't help fantasizingnabout us… relaxing…innit later on. We had a tiny kitchen and dining area, which opened upninto a bright, window-filled, sitting room. I made my way back intonthe bedroom to keep vigilance. He hadn't moved since I left him tondo my exploring. Unsure of what else to do, I sunk into a large,ncushiony chair that had been placed beside the bed. Theninstant I let out the breath…that I didn't realize I'd beennholding…I heard a faint knock at the front door- Brendan. I pullednmyself up and headed quietly into the sitting room to get the door. I was greeted by Brendan's pleasant smile and an even morenpleasant-looking collection of food and clothing. \"Hello, Ms.nBowen. I've brought your requested supplies.\" I was ecstatic. As I rambled about how thankful I was, we carried several bags intonthe kitchen. After Brendan left, I felt like a kid at Christmas. One bag was overflowing with food: fresh fruit, scones, nuts, fish,nand beef, while Brendan had stocked another with bottled water,nnative beer, and an oversized bottle of Archer's favorite- palmnwine. In a third, larger bag, a generous stock of bandages, gauze,npain medication, and antibiotic ointment was buried underneathnseveral pairs of boxers, undershirts, loose cargo shorts and pants,nbutton-down shirts, and beach sandals. I wondered if I had missednsomething- like signing up for a personal concierge service. Inalready had a great deal to thank headquarters for- this wasnastounding. Incarefully stored our food supply and made sure the necessary medicalnitems were ready for use. Upon returning to the bedroom, I wasn'tnsurprised to see that Archer hadn't moved an inch. I carefullynfolded his new clothes and placed them in the closet, unpacked my ownnsmall bag that I'd had with me and put my clothes next to his, andnstood in front of the his-and-hers closet I'd just put togethernalmost admiringly before placing the final item- my laptop- on anbedside table. Again, I sunk down into that chair that felt likenheaven for the few seconds I'd enjoyed it (before Brendan arrived). I don't remember exactly how long it took me to fall asleep, butnthe last thing I recall is the appearance of brilliant stars over thenCape as night fell. I awokenearly the next morning to find that Archer had shifted in his sleep,nbut it was clear that he would probably stay that way for a while. The rest was doing him good. Plus, I had some extra time on my handsnto come up with yet another plan. I got us out of Sierra Leone, Ingot us a safe place to stay, and I made sure that I was capable ofntaking care of him. Now, I wondered, how in hell am I going to tell this 'hard case' how I feel? Of all that I'dnendured in the last few days, this dilemmanwas possibly the most difficult to crack. I got upnstiff-necked and padded over to the bed to lay my hand on hisnforehead (an excuse to touch him). He was still feverish, so I laidnanother blanket over his chest in hopes that it would fight off anynfurther ailments. The adjoining bathroom had been well stocked withnwhite fluffy towels and washrags. I grabbed a rag and wet it undernthe tap so that I could dab away the blood that had escaped a cutnabove his left brow. I found that several cuts similar to the one Ininitially noticed had spilled his blood as well…behind hisnear…where neck met broad shoulder…What he really needed was anbath to wash away the blood, mud, pain, fear, and uncertainty. Inheld onto a notion that once I cleaned him up, he would be able to benat peace with himself…and to open up to me. When thencool water made contact with fever-burning flesh, he stirred andnslowly came to. His vision must have been blurry, as I was initiallyngreeted with a confused, hard stare. \"It's just me…go back tonsleep,\" I said quietly, but his awareness had returned by then. Realizing he was safe, his eyes softened, and he focused on me. \"Oh,nso you're in charge now, huh?\" he groaned as his right hand camenup to wipe his eyes. \"That's right…until you're up to beingnyour usual self, at least,\" I smiled as I caught his hand and easednit back to his side. \"Easy there, you've just stopped bleeding,\"nI warned, \"Don't ruin my hard work.\" He sighed, \"Yes, Dr.nBowen,\" and closed his eyes once again. The last comment wasnpriceless. Without opening his eyes, his hand drifted once again. Only this time, it found mine and gently intertwined our fingers.[Chapter 6] Chapter 5: Skin Chapter 5: Skin I have a theory: the only comfort he knows (or has known from me) is in the form handholding. Since that night at Benjamin's, our affection toward each other has consisted of only this much…aside from that rare instance when my hand ventured up to his cheek. We haven't even shared a proper hug! Beside the point, it was plain to see that something deeper had grown. Based on his past, though, he knew no affection beyond that which I'd shown him in that short time. Thus, all he knew past his hard demeanor was to take my hand when he needed to be close. I set aside my 'doctoring' for a while and was content just to lean against the headboard and hold his hand. His breathing was shallow and labored, and there was no hope for the type of deep sleep that lets the body ignore pain as it heals. He was in that intermediate zone, where one must fight for any sort of comfort. As I sat there, it dawned on me that neither of us had eaten since our arrival in South Africa. He would be screaming for nourishment when he awoke, so I ever-so-gently left my watch post on the bed and whispered, \"I'll just be in the kitchen,\" hoping that he heard. The food situation was quite satisfactory: we had plenty to last us at least five days. My limited cooking skills enabled me to cut and mix fruit for a salad and to broil fish. I brought our meal into the bedroom on a tray, and just as I'd suspected, my Patient was awake and starved. Both of us managed to sit him up…a task that was far from effortless…and we stuffed our faces in silence. \"How was it?\" I asked after he'd slumped back down. \"Outstanding, darling,\" he returned as he gave me quite a sexy look- the food must have given him enough energy to flirt. \"Good…I tried,\" I smiled, \"…so if you're feeling well enough, maybe we could…or you could…clean you up a bit.\" There I was rambling again! \"What are we talking here, huh?\" he inquired, fully taking advantage of my obvious nervousness. \"Anything to get you smelling decent, sir ,\" I gave it right back to him. \"Then will you keep me warm again?\" He's such a smart ass…and I love it , I thought to myself. \"We'll see. Come on,\" I laughed as I started the job of dragging him out of bed. Once I had him sitting up bedside, I knelt in front of him and placed my hands on his knees. He held his forehead in his hand for a moment before meeting my eyes. \"I might fall over, alright?\" he groaned. \"I think we'll make it,\" I assured as I gently pulled him to his feet. After steadying him, we limped to the bathroom, and I started the bath. As the tub filled and steam engulfed the room, I gently undressed him. It was impossible to be modest, especially when he wore only a towel around his waist. My hand trailed slowly up his toned belly and to his side where warm, soft skin turned into scratchy, blood-stained bandage. The catch in his breath from my touch was unmistakable, but I didn't dare meet his eyes- it was too soon. It was too soon to reveal myself (although I was nearly positive that he already knew). Instead, I worked on removing the bandages as pain-free as possible. Tears burned the backs of my eyes when I noticed the deep bruising that had begun around the bullet wound, which was clean and neatly stitched. However, I knew that there was more damage on the inside, both physically and psychologically. Somehow, as I managed not to jump him, he ended up safely in the tub. I pulled the vanity seat over to the head of the tub, sat down, and silently began washing his hair. Although I'm sure he knew that I wouldn't just leave him there to drown, I don't think he expected to feel my fingers running through his hair- neither did I. It was one of those things that I just did…unconsciously (sort of). I felt all of his tenseness escape him as his hunched shoulders dropped, and he leaned back far enough to rest his head on my knees. I washed his hair surely longer than necessary, but touching him felt so right- especially knowing that my touch made his features soften. Knowing that I gave him some peace was awe-inspiring. He watched me intently in the opposite mirror as I followed suit with his face, neck, arms, and chest. When our eyes met, all I could spit out was, \"I should go change the bed while you soak. You don't want to get back into dirty sheets.\" He nodded blankly, as if he'd been expecting something more profound or endearing from me. Nervous (again), I found myself back in the bedroom piling dirty bedding on the floor before setting fresh sheets. Get a grip, I scolded myself, he's probably frozen in there by now. I collected most of my wits and quietly went back to the bathroom where he had obviously been awaiting my return amid a mass of bubbles. He smiled faintly. \"Hey,\" I said, \"Ready to get out?\" He nodded, but his eyes told me that there was something else on his mind. As I knelt down to help him to his feet, his hand found mine and gently lifted it up to his face. He led my palm to cup his cheek, and as his eyes bore into mine, his lips gently touched each fingertip. I was absolutely dumbfounded. Suddenly we were both back at Benjamin's, the darkness and humidity surrounding us. It was as if that instant brought us back to that night and beckoned a different outcome- one that came with healing, no pain. He let go of my hand, which, under my own control, found its way back to his cheek. Without breaking our stare, my fingertips roamed the contours of his face. His skin, kissed by thirty-one years under the African sun, was as soft as I remembered. In the days since I had longed to touch him again, I tried to conjure that feeling over and over. Nothing compared to the real thing, though. His stare, however, had changed. Gone were the inner turmoil and hardness. Instead, there was clarity, as if at that moment, he knew exactly what he wanted. As soon as that fleeting glimpse of his inner-self appeared, it was masked once again as he broke our stare. I actually had to shake my head to snap back into reality. \"Let's get you out,\" I whispered. He nodded, eyes down. As soon as he stepped out, I wrapped him up in an assortment of towels before grabbing new boxers and undershirt. He was steady enough to dress himself, so I helped him back to bed once he was done. I decided then and there that I liked that look in his eyes that told me, 'I know what I want.' Still, I longed for the reassurance that what he wanted was me.[Chapter 7] Chapter 6: Air Chapter 6: Air Strangely enough, I avoided him for most of the day (even though he was asleep) in order to analyze what had happened (to no avail, alas). We ate leftovers for supper in the presence of silence, once again. I watched curiously as he flipped channels on the ancient T.V. after cleaning his plate. He paused on a program broadcast in Afrikaans and appeared to be listening intently. \"Do you understand it?\" I asked, trying to ease the tension as I sat down next to him. \"Yes- most of it. I learned some at school as a kid, and many of the boys in the company were native speakers,\" he replied. He quickly lost interest though, and his attention turned to the windows. \"Couldn't have asked for a better view, huh?\" he asked huskily, as he placed his hand just above my knee; his sudden touch filled me with that adrenaline-rush heat. \"It's beautiful…and it's a warm night. You feel like some fresh air?\" I asked, thinking that the scenery would inspire some spilling of certain feelings. \" Ja , that swing looks inviting,\" he replied, referring to the hammock that swayed gently with the breeze. I met him out on the balcony after running to grab a blanket. He laughed softly as I wrapped him up like a small child. \"I must say, Dr. Bowen, you take no chances.\" I smiled back and put on a mock stern façade. \"You will not start feeling worse under my supervision.\" He continued to laugh quietly (while clutching his chest). \"Ja…Just being here with you makes me feel better,\" he returned, just barely above a whisper. His lack of eye contact told me that he was taking a risk with his statement but was absolutely serious. My plan was just beginning to work, and he was already making me melt. I found his hand and held it tight against my thigh before opening my mouth to take a risk of my own. \"We weren't meant to say goodbye that day at the base, were we?\" I asked, curious as to how he would go about answering that. He thought for a moment, took in a breath and replied hoarsely, \"No…and I'm starting to think twice about what I said…something like 'in another life maybe.' I don't think that's going to work…considering that…I'm not dead ...and since you really wanted me to call you.\" He exaggerated the 'really' and gave me a soft nudge. \"I always got the feeling that when a woman gives you all her numbers, she might be a little interested, huh?\" By that point, he was smiling, and I was the one averting my eyes- I must have been a bit red. \"Well, you are right about that.\" I was still trying to let what he had said sink in. Looks like I was right. He's not as hardcore as he puts on…especially now that he's safe. He's got a heart, and I'm pretty sure he just implied that it belongs to me…Wow. He waited for me to speak as I failed to keep my emotions in check any longer. \"I didn't want to say goodbye to you then…you must know that…and I don't want to loose you again.\" I finally met his eyes as mine filled with tears. Unsure of what to say or do, he shakily stroked my temple and studied the minor cut that I'd suffered during the chase into the jungle as if it was life-threatening. \"You were bleeding,\" he remembered, \"and I wanted nothing more than to protect you. It was the first time I'd ever thought of anyone before myself.\" There was nothing left for us to say. Never in my wildest dreams had I expected such a speech from Daniel Archer. All of his defenses were down, and I suspected it was a result of his vulnerability. He was hours away from certain death when I demanded, \"You tell me where you are,\" and somewhere amidst the chaos, he must have realized that someone actually cared for him to live. (That's an understatement). For the moment, though, we were content just to be there, reassured. His hand moved from my face to my shoulder where it stayed for a while, as he drew me closer into a one-arm embrace. His left arm remained limp at his side, as soreness had spread from chest to shoulder; it was too painful to make any movements other than tiny ones. The sea rocks beneath us were overtaken by the tide, and the rhythmic waves took us both under their spell. The moon came and went with the passing of light clouds as it drifted higher and higher into the night sky above Table Mountain. Glancing down at my watch, I found that it was past 10:00; the clean bed was calling. When 'bed' first crossed my mind, I remembered that I'd spent the night in a chair. How's this going to work? I wondered, we're both so damn stubborn and awkward. Do I just get in bed with him? I should just tell him now. Why is that so hard? I'm afraid to be in love with him. That's it. The last thing I want to do is scare him off…because 'we Americans love to talk about our feelings.' Shit. Again, I was tense, but my thoughts would have to wait. As if on cue, his violent cough returned. He clutched his chest and fought for air. The medic had mentioned such a reaction as a result of scarring prohibiting the natural productivity of his vulnerable lung. His sudden spell scared me to death , but I knew it would not be the last time his body would suffer as such. We were wrenched away from each other until I wrapped one arm around his chest and gently rubbed his back with the other hand. \"Shhhh, it's alright.\" I whispered, trying to be soothing. Although he soon caught his breath, the rough coughing sent twinges of pain into his forehead. I figured we'd had enough fresh air for one evening, so we slowly trudged back inside. He clearly wasn't at his best, and as I helped him lie down, a groan of pain escaped him. \"Damn bullet!\" he managed through shallow breaths. My fingertips lightly brushed his cheek, causing his eyes to drift shut. I sat with him for a bit and waited until he fell asleep to finally leave the room.[Chapter 8] Chapter 7: Revelation Chapter 7: Revelation It was my turn to get cleaned up. While relaxing luxuriously in that tub, I was intensely hopeful that I'd soon be able to throw my arms around his neck and show him what love felt like. As cliché as that may sound, I've not always been giddy like this (it must be him). My three older sisters are all 'girly girls.' When we were kids, I remember watching them put on gobs of makeup, and I'd wonder why they weren't more interested in taking me ice-skating. I'm still the oddball- I'm the only one who's not married and possibly the only one with a sense of adventure. They're all married to good men, but I prefer my luck. As it turned out, though, I actually did find myself a good man, in his own way. The hot water sent me into some sort of trance, where I was completely relaxed and highly anxious simultaneously. I wanted Archer to heal…quickly, to feel safe, to feel happy, to feel loved. I had to admit to myself that, more than anything, I wanted him to love me back. Another part of me wanted our time there to move slowly, for I had no idea what would happen when our 'vacation' would ultimately come to an end. Once I was clean and seemingly capable of holding on to my emotions, I got out, dried off, and threw on my pajamas- boxers and undershirt, from Archer's new wardrobe. I finished in the bathroom and walked quietly back into the bedroom expecting to see him fast asleep in bed next to the candle I'd placed on the bedside table. The candle burnt dimly on, but Archer was nowhere in sight. I stood and stared, eyes squinted, thinking that I could have been hallucinating. He clearly wasn't there. I was jolted when the soft sea breeze entered the room and cooled my face- the balcony door was left slightly ajar. I padded suspiciously to the doorframe and stuck my head outside. \"Archer?\" I called quietly. A pair of brilliantly shining eyes, captured by the moon's glow, met my questioning stare. His expression was one of vulnerability, of apology for having made me worry. He must have known that I would have scolded him for going back outside; a blanket hung loosely around his shoulders as his defense. \"Hey…you alright?\" I asked, stepping closer but not wanting to intrude. It was clear that he had been stuck in deep thought. \"Ja…just couldn't sleep, I guess.\" He paused. \"I was just thinking out here.\" I stood there at a loss. Should I stay, or does he want me to leave him alone? \"…Do you want to talk about it?\" I asked shyly, hoping he'd open up to me again. His gaze was downcast, somewhat troubled, and I was already feeling shameful for having read too far into his prior words. He regrets what he said earlier, I know it , I thought, dreading the idea. After an eternity of silence, he suddenly raised his head to face me, only now, his expression was one of semi-confident determination. He began to speak. \"Maddy, I…I'm not one for feelings…you know that, huh? …But I've been talking nonsense from the day we said goodbye at Kono 'til now.\" I was dying inside, positive that he didn't want to pretend to be friendly anymore. After all, he's only interested in diamonds. \"What do you mean?\" I asked, unsure if he even heard my weak attempt to speak. \"I mean…all that I've said was meant to avoid a truth that I've tried to ignore…because of the way I am…I guess. I can't lie to myself…or to you…any longer, huh?\" I stood completely still, knowing that if I moved an inch, I'd fall apart into a million pieces right there. He took a single step closer to me without breaking our intense, almost frightening stare. \"I should have told you when I called you from the hill. I'm a coward for not having told you. I could have died right there, and you never would have known what I… feel …\" He trailed off but waited desperately for me to say something or to at least breathe. I blinked. \"Tell me,\" I returned in the form of a pleading whisper. He collected the last ounces of energy left in his body to reveal himself. \"I'm in love with you, Maddy…\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 8: Enigma Chapter 8: Enigma Silence. I couldn't move or speak. Inwardly, I was screaming, Jesus, did he really just say that? Every last bit of adrenaline in my body was coursing through me. He continued, probably out of sheer nervousness. \"You probably think that I don't know what love is. I guess…I didn't…until that night at Benjamin's when you took my hand in yours. It just felt right…safe…and I don't want to lose that. I know now…that I'm nothing without it.\" \"This is probably the last thing you thought you'd ever hear from me, huh?\" His voice faltered. \"…But I can't keep on without you knowing…or without knowing whether you feel the same…or not.\" The next thing I remember is the cold wetness of my own tears as they fell lazily down my face. I was stunned…and was slowly becoming aware that I hadn't said a word the entire time. You're such a coldhearted bitch. Say something! I was inwardly scolding myself, positive that he'd given up by that point. My tears surely frightened him, for his determination faded into confusion and defeat. \"Archer,\" I breathed. He snapped back to attention. \"You're crying,\" he returned softly as he took another small step towards me. It was more of a question than a statement. Speak! \"Yes, I um, I'm just a little overwhelmed.\" His eyes were still boring into mine…waiting. I collected myself. \"I'm just so…happy.\" The confusion in his face was priceless, and it made me giggle softly as the tears continued to flow. As cliché of a response as it was, it did the job. As his clenched jaw began to soften, I had to seal the deal. \"I'm in love with you…too.\" We both began to laugh then, a response that neither of us was used to, and to see each other's awkward, out-of-character reaction only made the situation that much more ironic. Of course, our moment was once again put on hold by his condition; laughter induced the elusive cough. \"Christ, this is really getting old, huh?\" he struggled, while still grinning at me. I couldn't stand the distance between us any longer. I stepped up to him and secured the blanket around his neck. Doing so had quieted him, as my hands lingered on his arms, which were hidden by the blanket. Feeling the same longing, he opened his arms, inviting me into his blanket shelter. The only barrier between us then was the material of our thin shirts, mine too large and hanging loosely past my waist. His was somewhat tight fitting, and it revealed the outline of that strong chest on which I longed to lay my head. The blanket was wrapped snugly around the two of us then, but we were too entranced to realize that it was no longer needed; never have I felt such heat in an embrace. When my arms snaked around his waist, I felt his breath catch, and what I'd speculated all along about his lack of experience with loving/comforting gestures became a reality. He'd never been held like that. At that moment, I was filled with mixed feelings. Part of me wanted to go on some sort of rampage to make suffer those who had kept this man from living. I wanted to punish someone, to get some sort of sick revenge for him. Another part of me finally found its solace. He was safe, he knew he was loved, and he loved me back. I had everything I wanted. Relax! I told myself, everything is going to be fine. We need to take this slow, to savor it. He's yours. For his sake, relax. You both can afford to forget about the rest of the world for a while. Satisfied with the mindset I'd chosen, I was drawn back to the present by his husky voice. \"I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be.\" I shuddered in remembrance of the same words he'd spoken over the phone several days before. Only then, the circumstances had been quite different. He thought he would die right there on that hill and that 'in another life maybe' was our only option. He knows now that I wouldn't let that happen. At that, I tightened my already-fierce grip around him and let my lips brush against his bare collarbone as I whispered a barely audible \"Archer...\" The sudden intensity of lips on skin had awoken something in both of us, a longing that was kept buried underneath our respective worries since our first encounter in Sierra Leone. When I raised my eyes, I found him already waiting for me, eyes aglow with moonlight, unshed tears from newfound emotion, and passion above all. It was almost like seeing him for the first time- like he was a completely different person. Then I realized that this person had been there all along; he was just waiting to be set free. He was absolutely perfect. My hand found its way to the back of his neck, pulling him close enough to rest his forehead against mine. We slowly leaned into each other, and when our lips finally met, I realized that neither of us had lived until that moment. Kissing him felt more extraordinary than I could have imagined (he's turned me into a fanatic, mind you). He was strikingly gentle and giving- sentiments that I hadn't expected from him for our first kiss. I, too, desired to give to him, as the knowledge that my lips made this man tremble was enough to send me over the edge. Blissfully unaware of the rest of the world, we stood there clinging to each other as the kiss become more passionate, if that was possible. When neither of us could breathe, which happened all too soon, we stood in a tight embrace and swayed lazily with the sea breeze.[Chapter 10] Thank you for the reviews! I appreciate the feedback. School is about to start, so I apologize ahead of time if I update less frequently. Rest assured that the story is far from over, and I'll keep writing as much as possible (because it's so fun!) . -Kate Chapter 9: Tranquility Chapter 9: Tranquility I was positive that he wouldn't initiate the next move. After all, he'd already jumped off a potentially deadly cliff with his revelation. Thank God I do feel the same way. Otherwise, 'awkward' would have a brand new definition: us. I would have to guide him down this road, to begin with at least. I knew he'd learn quickly; I knew that underneath that sardonic, stone-like demeanor, there was someone yearning to love as much as to be loved. I contemplated saying 'you need to go back to sleep,' but found that unsuitable. Instead, I implied that the bed was too big for just one of us. \" We should get to bed, hmm?\" He sleepily lifted his head from my shoulder and whispered \"alright\" before leaning in for the softest of kisses. Although we were content where we were, we both knew that rest was priority. Plus, the idea of us lying together was certainly inviting. I gently guided him back into the bedroom, my arm wrapped loosely around his waist. When we reached the bed I sat him down and waited for him to catch his breath. He soon looked up at me, hesitantly reached out for my arms, and weakly pulled me to stand between his legs. I, in turn, carefully set his hands on my waist, telling him with my eyes how much I wanted to be close. I could tell by the look in his eyes (the 'I know what I want' look) that his desires mirrored my own, but he had absolutely no idea which words to choose. \"Do you want me to stay with you tonight?\" I asked shyly. Apparently I couldn't find the right words either- it was a silly question. He smiled softly, and I saw that signature spark in his eyes in the half-light. \"Do I really have to answer that, huh?\" he asked, beckoning me closer. \"Yes,\" I smiled back, as my hand drifted to the soft skin of the back of his neck. He took a breath and returned his attention in the form of a piercing gaze that radiated seriousness. \"There is nothing I want more than to fall asleep in your arms…you know that?\" Thank God that's settled, I thought with an inward sigh of relief. He continued, \"…And I do recall mentioning something about you keeping me warm again…while you were taking my clothes off earlier, remember?\" Jesus, that smile! (He doesn't miss a thing, does he? I don't think I'm capable of melting any more than this!) \"Hmm, yes I do. Tonight must be your lucky night then,\" I smiled, \"…and mine.\" Half expecting him to ask if I'd take his clothes off again, I slowly eased his shoulders onto the sheets and tucked him in tight. Like a child, I tip-toed to the opposite side of the bed and crawled in next to him, giddy and drunk on his scent. When there was less than a pillow's length between our bodies I felt him shift, and I instinctively reached out to help him. He had turned onto his side to face me. His eyes looked intensely tired, however, deeply satisfied. It still intrigued me to see him that relaxed…that happy …and eager to be held. He had let go of essentially everything in one night, and I wondered if I really had that much of an effect on him. Of course, I knew he was only putting his deep losses aside to revel in a new, positive set of emotions. I wondered if what we had- the mutual feelings that we had just officially established- were enough to set him free from a life without peace and comfort. At that instant I silently promised myself- and him- that I'd be there to help him through this healing process and beyond. After all, we both knew that this wasn't about personal gain or sex (well, maybe a little…) . No. Instead, it was an unspoken understanding that he was it for me, and I was it for him. Something in each of us spoke early on, telling us that there was no one else. Thankfully, despite our identical knack for stubbornness, we both ultimately listened to that voice. I was never the type to believe in silly miracles or seeing everything laid out before me in an instant, but to this day I swear that that first kiss told me everything I needed to know. I hoped- prayed - that our love would amount to a strong enough force to erase all but his physical scars. So, there we were lying face to face. We found that our fingers had intertwined once again- his doing. Not entirely sure of what to do, I studied his hand carefully and traced the lines of his palm with my fingertips; I retraced the contours with my lips. As I did so, I raised my eyes to find him absolutely entranced in the moment. Letting go of his hand, I slid closer and gently lifted his chin. \"Shall we stay like this?\" I asked softly. He nodded, still entranced, and I kissed him one last time before hearing him mumble a drowsy \"I love you.\" \"I love you too…sleep well,\" I returned as I tried to settle our bodies in preparation for the long ensuing slumber. I rejoined our fingers and laid our conjoined hands between us. My other arm draped around his waist. I remember staring contentedly upon his sleeping face and reveling in the fact that he was safe in my arms. I was sure, then, that I would be infinitely happy to never move from there., to stay right there with him forever. I'd never felt that way before. All my life, I've had a nagging urge to get up and move as soon as I've been in one place for too long. Bosnia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone- I go where I'm told, but I think I'd still move around even if not for the job; I'd do it for personal satisfaction. Probably the only reason New York City suits me is because it's so alive; it's always dynamic, always changing. With him though, I longed to slow down, to be still. He once called me an 'action junkie,' but I corrected him: According to 'three out of five ex-boyfriends recently polled,' I prefer to live in a constant state of crisis. Not with him, though- we've been through enough crises together, I'd say. Thus, I think I've noticed a bit of a paradigm shift in my wants and plans…hell, even in my personality. Danny Archer makes me want to settle down . Now that's ironic. I didn't want to sleep. It must have been for fear that when I woke up (if I wasn't dead already) the events of that evening would have been figments of my over-active imagination. Instead, I tried to thrive on the adrenaline that had undoubtedly accumulated due to the feeling of his lips on mine. Lying there, I hung on each labored breath he took and tried with immense focus to keep my hand from wandering under his shirt whose thin material taunted me endlessly. As the rush inevitably came to an end, I was satisfied to be lulled off to sleep by such pleasurable feelings and sounds: the steady pulse in his hand (still attached to mine even in sleep), the heat that his closeness radiated, the shallow exhale that was a wrenching albeit joyous sound (although in pain, he was healing ), and the ambient waves (loud enough to consume our bedroom but soft enough to become the comforting soundtrack to our slumber). All too soon, my alertness slipped away into tranquility.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10: Waking Chapter 10: Waking When I awoke, the room was filled with the early sun's gentle light; it must have been around eight. I had shifted a bit onto my back, and it took me a moment to realize that I wasn't the only one in that bed. I turned back onto my side and glared into the light to find a pair of considerably bright/awake eyes fixed on me- he had been waiting for me. \"Good morning,\" I half-giggled, half-groaned. \"You're up awfully early.\" \"Ja, I know,\" he returned too quietly and continued, \"I was waiting for you to wake up. Couldn't sleep anymore.\" He was being so quiet, and I grew concerned that his healing was regressing. \"You alright?\" I questioned. He must heave read into my worries, so I was rewarded with the 'sexy smile,' which immediately chased away my fears. I shook my head and turned to sheer bluntness. \"How in hell have I managed to keep my hands off you, hmm? You know you 'had me at hello!'\" He laughed quietly, \"I don't know. How have you managed, huh?\" Well-played, sir… I mused… you're a pain, but I have to admit that being teased has never felt so fine. \"Well, suffice it to say that I'm not going to keep them off anymore…if that's alright with you…\" I didn't even wait for him to answer. Nor did he even bother trying to. We erased the modest position we'd somewhat maintained through the night, and with a soft groan, he flipped onto his back and drew me close with his good arm. I propped myself up on one elbow while my other hand drifted from his cheek to defined jaw and on to his neck. He was practically begging with his eyes for me to go in for the kiss, which I gladly did. Too sore to move, it was up to me to do most of the work (I know he was a little frustrated about that - Mr. Control). Nevertheless, the kissing grew more passionate than it had the night before (if that was utterly possible), and it did so quickly. I had just begun to savor the newfound glory of his neck when I realized that he was fighting for his lungs to keep up with desire- the lungs were losing. \"Shhh, it's ok, try and breathe deep,\" I tried to soothe. Good job, Maddy, you've killed him, I thought glumly. When he'd settled down a bit (but still clutching his chest), I stroked his temple and whispered, \"Sorry, love. Just tell me when to slow it down, hmm?\" He smiled wryly, \"But I don't want you to slow down, huh? Ah, hell, I'm useless,\" he sighed, referring to his inability to match my…effort. I gave him an understanding smile and leaned down to kiss his nose. \"I have to disagree with you there.\" Pillowtalk with Danny Archer- who would have thought? I thought back suddenly to the morning we headed to Guinea to find Solomon's family. It was one of those days when, during the few moments I had to myself, I questioned Danny Archer's merit. To any reporter, his 'good' intentions were about as fake as could be imagined. At that point, I could see right through him, and it was obvious that he could have cared less about Solomon's family. There was something remarkably different, though, between that trip to Guinea and the trip back. On the way there he slept; he was clearly unaware of the roar of the helicopter as well as Solomon's pain (or immune to it), so he dozed with ease after having arranged himself among sacks of food for the refugees. He was such a paradox: amid all that suffering, here was a man who literally slept easily atop the little bit of comfort those refugees lived for. He was a white African king there, with an air of strength in his jaw even in sleep, as if to say, \"Don't fuck with me, or I'll shoot you.\" Little did we know, then, that although he portrayed such a stern image, it was his own suffering that stole the ability to feel for anyone else. After quite a scene at the refugee camp, we were back in the helicopter (sans Solomon's family and hope for retrieving one of the many children kidnapped by the R.U.F.). This time, Archer sat awake and quiet, likely contemplating how far away from there a single rock could take him. Suddenly, Solomon spoke, and Archer raised his eyes for the first time en route. \"What you are looking for, Mr. Archer, is down there beyond those hills.\" His eyes curiously followed Solomon's forlorn gaze. I didn't bother looking out the window. I just glared at him, and it must have been quite a glare, for it made him lean back further into his corner. His eyes were certainly full of mixed emotions ( \"Maddy hates me for this. Wait, why should I care what she thinks? Why the hell do I care?\") I, on the other hand, was at war with myself. Sure, I was furious that he had indeed used Solomon for his own selfishness, and poor Solomon wasn't exactly getting his side of the deal. The bulk of my anger was due to this fact. However, there was something else. What he wanted was beyond those hills…along with staggering heat, thick wilderness, steep inclines, lack of provisions, and (oh yeah…) bloodthirsty rebels that would love to skin a white boy with pretty blue eyes... Would he really subject himself to those dangers for a diamond? Stupid question; he did , and he paid the price. I was angry with him for blindly risking everything. How can he be so stupid? Why do I even care? It wasn't until later on at Benjamin's that I actually figured out why he made me so mad. I couldn't lose him. That was why. \"What are you thinking about, hmm?\" He must have sensed that my mind was elsewhere. I wasn't sure if he was ready to see my vulnerability or how much his near-death experience really hurt me, but he had to know. \"I…um…I just don't want to let you go.\" He took in what I said; I could see the wheels turning. Then he replied matter-of-factly, \"Then don't let go,\" as he hesitantly touched my cheek. \"I'm not going anywhere…unless it's with you, huh?\" That made me smile. I was still partially in shock from waking up with him (did he really tell me he loved me last night?) so my choice of words was still driven by emotions that couldn't possibly settle down. I think he understood my fear- I could see it in his eyes, and I think that's why his response was meant to lighten the mood. I kissed his forehead. \"Then do you want to come have breakfast with me?\" \"Ja, alright. Maybe it'll give me some energy, huh? I could use some of that.\" And with that, we began a new day.[Chapter 12] Hello, everyone. I haven't forgotten about this story. I've been writing it little by little while away at school. With the long holiday break coming up, I'm hoping to publish new chapters frequently- the ideas are still flowing. Thank you for your reviews! Oh, and you may have noticed that this story has moved; there is now an official 'Blood Diamond' category. No more Misc. Movies! More on the way! Chapter 11: Nesting Chapter 11: Nesting The next several days were spent lounging around one place or another. We'd wake up, eat a few bites and usually head out to the balcony. I fixed us a sort of nest made of blankets and pillows on the hammock, and we spent hours out there watching the tide come in and out. We made a game out of who could spot the most breeching sharks in a day- a sight that scared me to death when I first saw a Great White burst through the water, mouth open and teeth glistening in the sun. \"It must have spotted a seal,\" Archer said matter-of-factly. \"Jesus…\" I was still wide-eyed from seeing the beast up close, and my man was quick to catch on. \"Ja, and he's coming after you next, love. Land shark!\" (A/N- 'Land Shark' is an old Saturday Night Live skit). He started to laugh and then remembered how painful it was. \"Aren't you funny today,\" I laughed as I lightly nudged him. \"I love those old skits.\" \"Ja, me too. So, you want to go for a swim, huh?\" He grinned, referring to the shark-infested bay. He saw the mock-terror spread across my face. \"Don't worry, I won't let them get you, love.\" He took my hand, laid it on his chest and closed his eyes. This had to be just like heaven…except for one thing- I needed to touch him. While his eyes were still closed, I loosened my hand from his grip and slowly let it wander under his shirt. He opened his eyes and searched mine, almost unsure of the unfamiliar gesture. I kissed him softly and tried to communicate silently. I just needed to feel closer. My fingertips lightly grazed his torso, feeling each muscle flex and relax…up and up to his chest until I found the place where I could feel his heart beat forcefully under my palm. This was exactly where I wanted to be. His skin was so soft until my fingertips found the tiny hillock of a scar. \"What's this from?\" I asked quietly. \"That's just a little souvenir from Angola, nothing terrible.\" He must have decided to spare me the details. Either they were unimportant or too painful to recall to mind. \"I love your touch,\" he whispered after a moment. .\"…So warm and soft…I feel safe. I've never felt anything like this.\" He sounded so innocent. I remembered the promise I'd made to myself several days earlier- that I'd always be there to help him heal. Would he come home with me? \"Would you come back to New York with me?\" I must have vocalized my thoughts out of nowhere without even realizing it because when I came back from my reverie, he was staring at me awkwardly. I almost panicked, but he spoke first. \"You mean…you want me to come with you?\" he asked quietly. I had to smile. \"Baby, there's nothing I want more….except to stay right here spotting sharks with you.\" That was the first time I'd ever called him 'Baby.' What if he doesn't like New York. What if he doesn't want to be tied down to somewhere? But, wait, he did say that he wanted off this 'godforsaken continent,' didn't he? We're similar enough…I love that city, so he will too, won't he? \"I love you, Maddy. So…wherever you are is where I want to be. I swear you're the only woman I've ever said that to. Christ, I never thought I'd settle down…then there you were. I don't have much to offer, but you have to know…I'm yours. \"So…is that a yes?\" He smiled, \"Ja... yes . It would make me the happiest man barely alive to go to New York with you. Is your place big enough for the two of us? I kissed his cheek, \"Yes, the two of us and more.\" Wow, did I really just imply children? \"As long as your bed's big enough for both of us…that's really all I'm worried about, huh.\" There was that sexy smile again. \"You just need to worry about feeling better before we talk about beds being big enough and such. He laughed softly. \"Ja, ja alright. I love you, Maddy. You called me 'baby' a minute ago. You know that?\" \"Well, I do recall that I'm not allowed to call you 'Danny.'\" I exaggerated my begging eyes. \"I guess you can call me Danny now,\" he was trying to sound stern, but he wasn't a very believable actor anymore. \"Wow, we're really making progress, aren't we?\" We both laughed softly and settled into each other. Those were the last words we spoke before the sun swallowed the bay, and our eyelids grew heavy with sleep.[Chapter 13] I did not forget about this story, I promise! More to come soon... Chapter 12: Turmoil Chapter 12: Turmoil \" Danny boy, I need you to run as fast as you can to the trees on the edge of the pasture. Stay there tonight, and watch carefully. Don't come back to the house. Dad will come for you. If you don't see us by tomorrow morning, run to the Fullers' in Umtali. Do you understand me?\" \" Ja, mum, but what about you and dad and the dogs?\" \" We'll be alright, love. You've got to run now. Don't look back. We love you, Danny. Go!\" And with that, she shoved her only child out the door with forceful hands. A glance up the driveway proved his worst fears. A score of rebels from Mozambique drove radically towards the house. A friend of his from town once informed him that the rebels loved to take little European children's ears, so he slept with his hunting knife and a set of earmuffs. It was good logic for a nine-year-old. But something told him that these rebels were after more than his ears. He did as he was told, and when he was safe in the shadowy disguise of the trees, he looked back toward the house. He heard voices, but none of them were familiar. They weren't even speaking his language. Tears came when he heard a single gunshot, and for the rest of the day, he sat on the ground hugging his knees to his chest, and he prayed just as his mother had taught him. Day broke sometime later, stirring him from a light sleep. He waited, but no one came for him. She said he would come for me. What if they need my help? I know how to track and kill a baboon, and dad says the rebels are like baboons. I could help them. Mum said not to go back. But they might need me. I have to go back… \"I have to go back!\" I awoke to a fearful call next to me. We'd fallen asleep out in our terrace nest, and somewhere amidst our slumber the nightmares had begun. \"I have to go back,\" he kept repeating, his hands clenched into unmovable fists. I had to get him to wake up. \"Danny, you've got to wake up. It's just a dream. Shhh, wake up.\" He finally opened his eyes. His breath came in shallow gasps of air, and I wasn't sure if he realized yet that he was safe in bed and thirty-one years old…not nine years old back in Zimbabwe. When he quieted down a bit, I was able to convince him that everything was alright. I hurried inside to the bathroom and wet a clean washcloth to dab away the sweat on his brow. He raised his eyes to me. \"It was so real, like I was reliving it…and I saw her…my mum. I heard her.\" I asked him if he had dreams like that often. \"Ja, every once in a while I'll see different parts of it over again. I never see my life afterwards- always before. It's like I still have a chance to save them, but then I wake up, and they're already gone.\" He sat up and rested his forehead in his hand. I could see the furrow between his brows. He was in turmoil. \"I've thought about going back…just to be there one more time, huh? Do I owe that to them?\" Now I understood. He thought their death was his fault. \"Baby, there was nothing you could do. You were only nine.\" I had to say something. \"Sometimes things happen…we can't explain or predict them. We just have to do the best we can, hmmm? Sometimes closure helps heal.\" \"I've always thought that if I went back one more time, I'd be able to let go. I haven't been back since.\" He thought for a moment, and I gently pulled him close to me. \"Maybe…before I start over with you…I should go back. Would you go with me?\" I was almost surprised that he would want me to go along. He was always so private about his fears and worries that I thought he might want to do this on his own. Nevertheless, I was humbled that he would let me so intimately into his past and his future. \"Of course I'll go with you, Danny. I'll be right there with you.\" I was so drunk on the feeling of him lying next to me that I was in full ramble mode. He relaxed a bit. \"Thank you…huh.\" He paused. I don't even know what happened to our place, you know? I think I'd feel like…like I'd left without saying goodbye…if I didn't go back. Sometimes I wonder what would have happened otherwise, you know? I probably would have been a rich footballer by now, huh?\" He smiled, and I tried to imagine a huge green pitch and a guy with \"Archer\" splayed across the back of a Manchester United jersey running up and down its length. It was almost difficult to see…maybe because I was yet to see a soccer player who looked even half as good as he did. \"Honestly…I wouldn't have you any other way,\" I reassured as I kissed the top of his head. \"I must remind you, darling, that you haven't had me yet…\" He intertwined our fingers. Oh, Dear Lord…please stop taunting me you gimp. If you weren't broken, I'd have jumped you a long time ago! \"Oh, trust me…as soon as you're back to yourself we'll change that.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 13: Magnificent Chapter 13: Magnificent Inevitably, he grew stronger and more restless every day. As much as he loved to sleep, his waking hours became increasingly fidgety. It had been about two weeks since our arrival to Cape Town, and thankfully, he was able to move around on his own, his breaths coming easier. He swore that there was no more pain, but I stole several glimpses of him clutching his chest while he thought I wasn't looking. Furthermore, the bruising that had developed about a good deal of his chest and shoulder was enough proof that his body was still weak and distressed. We were sitting out on the balcony, as usual, when his restlessness got the best of him. \"Hey. You want to go down to the beach, huh?\" he asked, as his fingertips absently tapped my thigh. \"Yeah, you sure you're up to it?\" It was pointless to ask, but I took my role as caregiver seriously. Any regression in his condition would make me frantic. \"Yes, Dr. I promise I'll take it easy, alright?\" He was pleading with me, and I loved being in control, but I knew he was desperate to be himself- his always talking, always moving, always making me absolutely crazy self- again. \"Ok, let's go!\" I replied cheerfully to his surprise. He smiled brightly, his already ocean-like eyes shining brilliantly with the reflection of the sea that stretched out in front of him. I fall for you all over again whenever I see that light in your eyes. We made our way down the stone steps that led from our gated balcony to the sand below. To his utter joy (and my amusement), Danny managed to find an abandoned soccer ball amid the rocks at the base of the steps, and he kicked it ahead as we trudged along hand-in-hand, a stray wave occasionally engulfing our bare feet. We stopped walking when we reached a particularly lovely cove about a half-mile from our abode, and we began to pass the ball between us. \"I always liked football,\" he said absently while attempting to perfect the prestigious 'around the world' move. He failed miserably and heard my suppressed giggle. \"I mean soccer , for any Americans present,\" he pretended to correct himself. \" Ja, ja ,\" I retorted, dramatically mocking the white Zimbabwean slang that was such an essential feature of his self. His eyes grew wide with my rebuttal, not having expected to hear me talk back. In terms of eloquence with (pretend) verbal disagreements, he had found his equal in me. He left the ball in the sand and began to walk toward me. When we were face to face, I expected him to say something, but instead, he quickly swept me up into his arms and headed straight to the water's edge. I realized the immanent dunking and squealed like a little girl. When he was ankle-deep in water he began to count slowly, \"One…two…\" He intended to throw me in at the count of three, but when he finally uttered the number, he instead pulled me closer and gently tilted my head toward his using the bend in his arm. \"I've got you,\" he whispered. It was a statement of reassurance for me, and a declaration of masculine triumph for him. I was his. He kissed me softly as inland clouds rolled in and consumed our little piece of the coast. We didn't notice until a single raindrop made its way from the heavens to the tip of my nose. He lightly kissed it away, and in the time it took for him to gently set me back on my feet, the sky had let loose its heavy burden right on top of us. Danny couldn't exactly run, especially after having exerted the energy to lift me into his arms, so we jog-walked our way back to the stone stairway, laughing all the way. When we finally got to the safety of the balcony, we were soaked to the bone, and one of us was fighting to breathe. He couldn't hide the pain at that moment, and I was trying to keep my wits. \"Shit, we've got to get you dry or you'll start hacking up a lung again…\" He laughed quietly and cut me off, \"I'll be alright, Maddy.\" His voice was weak but determined. I led him inside the house and pulled him close to me as I began to unbutton his shirt. I was so worried about him regressing back to his near-dead state that I failed to realize that his breathing had calmed…except for the catch in his breath when I unzipped his shorts. He stood transfixed on me as he was clad in nothing but soaked, skin-tight boxer shorts. I was in another world, fearing for his life, when he caught my frantic hands in his and held them tight. I finally met his eyes. \"I'm alright,\" he whispered once again. This time I heard him…and I understood. Jesus, what have I gotten myself into now? I inwardly panicked realizing that this was the first time I'd seen him scantily clad when he wasn't dependent upon my care. He needed me in other ways now…was I ready? Yes… He placed one of my hands on his chest, and I felt the strong beating of his heart, the rhythm a bit quickened from my touch. \"See? I'm still alive…don't worry, love,\" he whispered as he leaned in to kiss my eyebrow. His body wasn't cold, as I'd felt it before. Now, I could feel heat radiating from him, silently pleading with me to press myself to him. I met his eyes, and they sparkled. It's time now… I smiled up at him. \"There she is,\" he laughed softly. \"Are you going to finish what you've started, hmmm?\" he asked, referring to the lone garment that hid him from me. I nodded mischievously, \"Eventually…but I need some help with this first.\" I began tugging at the hem of my soaked shirt, and he was delighted to slowly release me from my wet bind. He gently pushed my hair behind my ears and let his hands wander down my shoulder blades, always pulling me closer and never breaking our stare. I put my hands on his waist as my bra fell to the ground. Next, he reached between us to unbutton my linen pants, and I marveled at how perfectly they fell to my feet without a struggle. My eyes fell upon the perfect contours of his chest (save for the slow-to-disappear bruising), and I became aware that for the last week he had been free of bandages, as his wound had healed relatively quickly. He's alright, I mused, he's healed. It's our time now. When I met his gaze again, he swallowed difficulty and looked at me as if he was afraid to hurt me. \"Are..are you sure?\" he mustered. His sudden lack of confidence was adorable; it was as if it had finally sunk in that he was no longer broken, that I actually loved him and that I was his. He didn't want to be so blunt anymore. For once, he wanted to give it his everything to prove himself…to prove his love. \"Danny,\" I whispered, \"I'm yours…I'm sure.\" And, with that, I led his hands to my chest and felt the desperation in his kiss. We stood holding each other, thinking that it couldn't feel any better than that, for an eternity. Both of us were barely clad, both having only one garment left to fuel the ever-increasing desire to let what was about to happen last as long as possible. I reluctantly pulled away from him and padded slowly to the bed's edge to sit. When I reached my hand out to him, he took it and stood in front of me. I slowly laid back pulling him with me all the while until he rested his weight on his elbows above me. He was careful not to let himself touch me yet, and the electricity between us intensified, willing our bodies to touch; he would leave the first move to me. I stared up at the perfect man above me. He was trembling so slightly, and I wasn't sure if it was the result of nervous anticipation or freezing rain. Whichever the case, there was too much space between us. With one hand cradling his neck, fingertips finding their way into his damp hair, I finally pulled him down to me, producing a soft moan from both of us. I could tell that he was so afraid of crushing me with his strength and desperation that he was holding back. \"Don't hold back, love, I need all of you…\" And then, finally, he gave me all of him; every possible barrier between us was broken. He ignited my skin with his kisses- each more electrifying than the last, and I memorized the feel of each scar on his neck and chest with my lips. We were both so eager to give that night that I think all pleasure was felt on the basis that the other was being fully adored- after what seemed like a perfect eternity, I reached my height at the moment he said shakily, \"I've never felt anything like this before…\" His lips brushed my neck as he spoke, and I was amazed that I could bring a man to such a pinnacle of feeling…even though it was no surprise that he had the same power over me. When he lifted his eyes to me I kissed him fiercely, needing him as close as possible at that moment. With our eyes locked until the very end, we fed each other's desires completely. It was absolutely…if I may be cliché…magnificent. We were brought closer than ever before, and as far as we were concerned, nothing could pull us apart. We had already cheated death; all that lay ahead was… life .[Chapter 15] More is on the way. I know it's been forever since my last update, and I am sorry - this story is almost complete. Enjoy, and stay tuned! Chapter 14: Revisit Chapter 14: Revisit Rough, scorching …yet somehow romantic, a Hemingway-esque vision of Africa. In the heat of the afternoon, those were the words I could scrounge to describe what had become a sort of expedition. Danny and I were huddled in the back of an open Land Rover amid aid workers and journalists in a convoy headed northeastward. After a blissful third and final week in Cape Town, I'd returned to the director's office to thank him profusely for our comfortable stay and to inquire about entrance into Zimbabwe. He informed me of the convoy leaving from Johannesburg, and after several phone calls, the journalist and 'guest' were in. We were sad to leave our little piece of paradise, and as much as we wished to never leave that bed overlooking the waters of the Cape, we knew that life had to go on. Next stop: Zimbabwe. We would visit his childhood home for what he said would be the very last time. He'd talked about never returning to Africa, but I could tell that he was fond of our Cape Town haven- \"I wouldn't mind coming back here one day, huh?\" he declared as we packed up our few belongings. I agreed. We'd flown from Cape Town to Johannesburg city and met up with the convoy at a makeshift World Food Programme headquarters on the city's outskirts. After two long days of dirt roads, we'd crossed into Zimbabwe and were just a stone's throw from the town of Mutare and the Zimbabwe-Mozambique border. As the Land Rover rumbled along throwing up dust in its wake, I looked up at the man next to me. He had just ended a long conversation with a fellow white Rhodesian named Franck who was brought up a few towns south of his own. I listened to them for a while until their similar dialects and use of slang made it nearly impossible for me to follow along with talk of old Cricket matches and their respective families' tobacco farms. Franck eventually decided to rest his eyes for the remainder of the trip, whilst Danny sat pensively next to me. His eyes were locked on the horizon, squinted out of defense from the sun. His knees supported his elbows, and his chin rested on his closed hands. His hair had grown a bit during our nearly month-long hibernation, and he sat up straight when I swept a lock behind his ear. He turned to me and smiled gently before wrapping his arm snuggly around my shoulders. I'd missed his touch and the feel of his skin over the last few days; we'd had to get used to wearing clothes again. \"Almost there,\" he sighed. When we reached the city, we'd arranged to borrow one of the vehicles for a couple of days to explore the outskirts of what used to be the town of Umtali- the only home Danny had ever known. We finally rolled to a halt in the middle of town, and the convoy workers started unloading aid materials. I'd already confirmed with the driver that we were to take the vehicle. Soon enough, we were off- just the two of us, once again. It was a small, eclectic town. At its urban peak, there were paved roads, businesses trying to appeal to a bustling atmosphere, and an air of change all around. It was eerily different compared to the town Danny knew as a boy. Red sand roads, old beat-up farm trucks, general store, post office, and the school for white children where he learned about European imperialism in Africa and how to play cricket with other white boys. It was almost a peaceful life then. Despite the appearance of development, this fairly new establishment called Zimbabwe was far from ideal for the white farmer. The black governing body was slowly pushing remaining white farmers away from their homes and livelihoods and subsidizing land to black farmers. By the time Danny was sent to South Africa, prosperity in the nation was slipping away. As an adolescent being groomed for the life of a mercenary far from home, he didn't have much time to consider what was happening to his country, though. He couldn't have imagined that life wouldn't lead him back there until over twenty years later; the sights, smells, and feelings were almost as unfamiliar to him as they were to me. After about a half hour drive through the town, he had pointed out to me everything that looked familiar to him. His school still stood, as did the town's swimming pool beside it that used to be for whites only. Several homes along the main strip in the predominantly European side of town appeared as large and as representative of old tobacco money as ever. Many of the children he once knew lived in the area, and he related to me the many times he'd visited these homes, whose owners had been friendly acquaintances with his parents. \"All the white people would stick together, but we were still different,\" he said. \"Why is that?\" I had a feeling that it was because none of those old, somewhat Victorian-like fortresses ever belonged to the Archer fortune. \"We had money, and we usually took home more profit than the other families at the sale of the year's harvest. My parents, though- they weren't really into city life. My dad loved that farm, and he spent hardly any time indoors. He was always herding and tracking and checking up on the crop…and whatever other activity he could think of to keep from having to waste daylight. My mum- girly as she was- she put up with it just fine.\" He smiled lovingly at the memory of his mother. \"She loved to explore our land with dad and me, and she took care of our horses; she'd grown up taking care of her grandfather's horses at his countryside manor in England. She'd cook like a goddess while listening to old records that family would send from back home, too.\" \"So your mom was British, then?\" I was dying to know more about the people who brought him into the world. \"Ja, she was raised quite well between Newcastle and London, where she went to school and found my dad. He'd grown up between France and Denmark, where his mum and dad were from, respectively. He only wound up in England because he'd been pushed to go to Oxford. He did so, only to make his parents happy, and he was miserable until he found my mum. They were both budding adventurers, I guess you could say, and so after they married they left Europe with my uncle- my mum's brother- to start over in Africa.\" \"I bet your grandparents just loved that idea. Did they ever go back to Europe?\" \"They were pretty pissed, ja. Eventually, they just realized that my parents were happy here, and they were well. That was that; they just got over it. When I was born, though, everybody back in Europe wouldn't let them keep a grandchild and nephew away. And, hell, it wasn't like they were going to stop by for a nice visit in Rhodesia .\" \"So you went to Europe as a kid?\" \"Ja, every Christmas, and for a summer or two when I was really little. Hated it, just like dad. Always wanted to get back to the farm so I could run around.\" He slowed the vehicle down as we drove along the red dirt roads beyond town. We'd just reached the summit of a fairly large hill when he pointed to the left. \"See down there, just past the pond?\" I squinted in the sun and followed his outstretched arm. \"That's the house.\" We didn't speak for the rest of the ride down the hill, along to the \"pond\" (which looked more like a small lake), and up the driveway to the rustic house. He stopped about fifty yards from the main building, and sat back in his seat. \"Just how I left it,\" he said as if he'd just returned from a short trip. I followed his gaze. The house was quite endearing, save for lack of care for two decades. Its stone facade seemed open and airy with lots of windows, and for a moment I thought I caught the scent of fresh tobacco leaves and his mother's cooking. There was a covered porch that made its way around the house, and it led to a circular patio next to what had been a large garden. I imagined the flowers and vegetables that must have been a daily treat to both feast upon and observe. Danny cheerfully led me to each corner of his family's property. Despite the obvious tragedy, I think he was able to relive the happy times there. He showed me exactly where he had had his first hunting victory among the tall grasses and thorny trees. His father had told him how proud he was and let him carry his prize over his seven-year-old shoulder all the way back to his mother's kitchen. We sat by the pond where the herd would rest and drink, where he learned how to swim. We stood in his old bedroom, and he recounted where he used to hide all his treasures found over years of exploring land that seemed endless to the child adventurer. We did not go into the barn. Although he never saw what happened to his father there, what he'd been told was enough warning. He was afraid of the images his mind would conjure should he open the latch and go inside; it was just too much- understandably so. We stayed until dusk, when the sun's ensuing rest painted the sky countless shades of orange, pink, and purple. In my time spent in Africa, I'd come to adore the sunsets. For a place filled with such conflict, it's nice to know that the day ends with such vibrant color. It's as if, at the end of the day, God reveals his omnipresence in the sky. God hasn't left this place; He gave the man I love a second chance. Here, under this vibrant sky. ","Summary":" Part of me inherently knows that the death of Danny Archer was inevitable (perhaps because Leonardo"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Goosebumps","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12437617","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Many years ago in a certain orphanage... Cherry and Atticus were sitting at a table together, reading their books and Cherry soon found herself getting bored of the Bailey School Kids and even tossed away the latest book: The Bride of Frankenstein Doesn't Bake Cookies. She stuck her tongue out as she tossed it away and folded her arms out of boredom while Atticus read Nancy Drew. \"There's gotta be one book here that I would like to read, I mean, come on.\" Cherry said before she heard a book fall off the shelf. She then walked over to the book. Atticus looked up once to see Cherry getting a new book and then looked back down to his Nancy Drew book. Cherry picked up the fallen book. It had the word 'Goosebumps' on it and where the second title was called Night of the Living Dummy. \"Goosebumps...\" Cherry whispered before she took the book and sat back down next to Atticus and began reading instantly. And where it seemed like this book was just her style and where after putting the book back where it was after reading it she saw that there were many other Goosebumps books. It was soon getting to sunset. \"Ooh, we better get going before we miss supper!\" Atticus told Cherry. \"Just... One more... Page...\" Cherry's left eye twitched. \"Uh, Cherry?\" Atticus asked. Cherry kept reading. Atticus waved his hand in front of her face and she seemed to be sucked into the book. \"This is new.\" He said as he tried to take it away from Cherry. \"Hey!\" Cherry snapped. \"Come on, Cherry, you know we can't miss dinner!\" Atticus told her. \"I will, just let me read!\" Cherry reached out for the book. \"You can check out that book, you know that, right?\" The librarian asked. Cherry walked up to the librarian and held the book out. The librarian took the book and stamped it and put a paper in the book and then gave it back. \"You may return it in two weeks.\" \"Or in Cherry Reading Time, that'll be 30 seconds.\" Atticus muttered. \"Thanks.\" Cherry told the librarian. The librarian smiled to the kids and sent them off. Cherry was still reading her book even while eating her dinner, she even read it in the bathtub, and read it under the covers with a flashlight after light's out. After finding that book interesting, she decided to try and buy every last copy of Goosebumps books. \"Man, she's hooked.\" Atticus commented as he watched his best friend in her new obsession. A few years later, as we are shown Cherry and Atticus as adults. \"Where did the time go and why didn't we stay in Never Land?\" Cherry complained. \"I don't know why you're complaining, you've been the same age for 30 years!\" Atticus replied, due to Forte biting Cherry, she never physically aged and always looked like a nineteen year old rather than her true age. \"You know what I mean.\" Cherry narrowed her eyes. \"I know, I know.\" Atticus said. \"So, what're we doing now?\" Cherry asked since he asked her to join him in something. \"Well, I thought it would be nice if our two families greeted our new neighbor, you know, the one new family that moved into the house next to that man that doesn't let his daughter go to school?\" Atticus asked. \"Oh, yeah...\" Cherry remembered then. \"We'll get acquainted and later, we'll bring the kids.\" Atticus replied. \"If you don't lose your mind with Estelle being around boys.\" Cherry smirked. \"I'm no longer overprotective since the whole Summer Wars thing.\" Atticus said. \"I know, but you were worse than Simba with Kiara.\" Cherry teased. \"Ha ha, very funny.\" Atticus said. \"Thank you.\" Cherry smirked before taking out a fruit basket. Both families soon went out to greet the new family.[Chapter 2] \"I hear the mother is hoping to become vice-principal.\" Forte commented. \"Well, let's hope she's better then the last one.\" Cherry said. \"You got that right.\" Forte agreed with his eternal wife. Mo knocked on the door with her free hand before she put it back under a tray she had brought to welcome the new neighbors with. \"Aw, Mom, can't we have one snickerdoodle?\" Akito begged. \"They won't notice on missing!\" \"And then one becomes another one and another one and another one...\" Mo teased since her baked goods were always hard to resist. \"Fine.\" Akito pouted. \"Why did you have to be such a good cook?\" Estelle cried melodramatically. \"I just am.\" Mo smiled. \"Hello? Anyone home?\" Atticus called. A woman with blonde hair soon opened the door. \"Sorry about that, just discussing the arrangements with my son about living here.\" she smiled apologetically to her new neighbors. \"We understand.\" Mo said. \"Oh, what a big family you are...\" the woman replied. \"We're all close friends actually.\" Atticus chuckled. \"Oh...That makes sense.\" The woman smiled. \"You seem like you could use some help moving in, ma'am,\" Akito said. \"I'd be more than happy to do some heavy lifting.\" \"That's sweet, but I don't want you to get hurt with-\" The woman was about to say, not knowing how strong he really was. \"I insist.\" Akito said. \"I'll help too.\" Atticus added. \"Oh, I don't know if-\" The woman tried again. Akito and Atticus carried the heaviest boxes they could find. \"Never mind.\" The woman said. \"Nice to meet you, I'm Monique Fudo, but you can call me Mo.\" Mo smiled and shook hands with the blonde woman. \"Nice to meet you too,\" the woman smiled back. \"My name is Gale Cooper.\" \"Nice to meet you, Gale.\" Mo smiled. \"Likewise,\" Gale replied before calling out. \"Zach, we got company! Your husband seems familiar.\" she then said to Mo. \"He's Detective Atticus Fudo,\" Mo informed. \"With him is our younger son Akito.\" \"No wonder he's familiar.\" Gale said. \"That's me.\" Atticus smiled to the woman. A young teenage boy soon came downstairs and saw that they had company. \"Hi.\" Vincent greeted to the teenage boy. \"Hey.\" the boy replied. \"This is my son, Zach,\" Gale introduced. \"Gale, these are our new neighbors.\" \"How are you liking the neighborhood?\" Forte asked. Zach sighed as he felt indifferent. \"Okay, I guess... My Aunt Lorraine is around here somewhere though, no doubt she'll come over to welcome us into the neighborhood.\" \"Chin up, son,\" Forte replied while Cherry rolled her eyes. \"You'll feel adapted in no time... There is no place like home, even when you're ever so humble, but you will learn to like your new environment.\" Cherry then clamped her hand up and down as she was even annoyed by Forte's lectures even as an adult. \"So where you from?\" Estelle asked Zach and Gale. \"New York...\" Zach sighed. \"SouthDale seems like a fun place to live in.\" Gale beamed brightly. \"Oh, it sure is.\" Vincent said. \"We didn't think we'd like it at first, but it's the best!\" Estelle smiled, having color in her cheeks since it was in this neighborhood that she got to meet the boy of her dreams: Lee Clark. \"We should be friends.\" Felicity said to Zach. \"Oh, see?\" Gale smiled to her son. \"Moving here isn't so bad... You already have your own gang!\" \"Yeah!\" Vincent smiled. Zach gave a small smile to the Fudo siblings and Felicity. \"Hey, Dad, watch this!\" Akito smiled as he did a hand stand and carried the box on his feet. \"That's great, son, but be careful, the Coopers might have something important in there.\" Atticus warned. \"I am being careful.\" Akito said. \"Please stop goofing around...\" Atticus replied before smirking. \"Besides, that's nothing, watch this!\" he then spun the box in his hand on the end of his fingertip like a basketball. Akito and Atticus laughed as they messed with the family's boxes. \"Ahem!\" Mo folded her arms with a smirk. \"Uh...\" Atticus and Akito gulped before they stopped messing around. Mo rolled her eyes at them. \"Uh, bad, Akito!\" Atticus scolded. \"I told you not to mess with Mrs. Cooper's valuables!\" \"What?! But you joined in!\" Akito told him. Atticus smiled nervously. \"I can't leave you two alone.\" Mo sighed. Akito could soon sense something in the house next to the Coopers. He rushed to the nearest window with the box in his hands. Atticus set the box down and apologized to his wife with a kiss. \"What is in that house?\" Akito asked himself while looking out the window. \"You see something, son?\" Atticus asked. \"There's something weird about the house next door.\" Akito said while pointing out the window. \"What do you sense?\" Atticus asked. \"I don't know, but I can tell that there's something evil in there, but also something that feels lonely.\" Akito frowned. \"It can't be the same person...\" Atticus replied. \"Can you identify who it is?\" \"A parent and a child, I think it's a father and daughter.\" Akito guessed. \"Okay, I doubt neither the father or the daughter are evil.\" Atticus said. \"Well, anyway, I can sense someone or something evil in there and something or someone is lonely in there.\" Akito said. \"Hmm...\" Atticus hummed in thought. \"This sounds like...\" \"An investigation!\" Atticus and Akito announced together like the father son detectives they've always wanted to be. \"Have they been waiting to do that?\" Zach asked Mo. \"Oh, yeah, my husband and younger son are very close.\" Mo smiled to Atticus and Akito's bonding. \"Cherry, the song.\" Atticus summoned. \"No.\" Cherry flatly declined. \"Do it or else I'll reveal your most embarrassing moment.\" Atticus threatened. Cherry narrowed her eyes with a glance to him, then looked back. \"When there's a mystery, you know who to call... Atticus Fudo!... Father and son duo to solve them all... Akito Fudo!... A child kidnapped and is lost, A certain crime that pays the cost... Mysterious are easily solved by... Atticus Fudo!~\" This caused for Zach to start laughing at the song. \"Can I stop now?\" Cherry begged Atticus. \"I don't know, Akito, do you think your Aunt Cherry should stop?\" Atticus smirked. \"Keep going...\" Akito smirked back. \"I will rip your beating hearts out of your chests and show them to your faces so you can see how blackened they are before you die.\" Cherry threatened. \"I think that's enough.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, I agree, Dad.\" Akito added. Cherry nodded firmly and then went away. \"Would she actually do that?\" Zach asked Mo. \"It wouldn't surprise me...\" Mo commented about Cherry's tendencies. Felicity wandered around the house curiously as she was nervous and shy to talk with Zach like the others, she wasn't even sure what to say or do in this social situation. \"Hey.\" Zach replied to Felicity. Felicity jumped slightly, then smiled to Zach and waved. \"Oh, uh, hello.\" \"What's your name?\" Zach asked. \"I am Felicity Precious Chantal Forte.\" Felicity gave her full name. \"You kind of look like Cherry.\" Zach said. \"She is my mother,\" Felicity replied. \"Papa always said he saw Maman in me.\" she then smiled at the last part of spending time with her father as they got along very well, though it was mostly because he raised her for the first eight years of her life alone. \"I can tell, but let's hope you're not as scary as her.\" Zach said. \"I wouldn't hurt a fly...\" Felicity replied. \"Unless you are a bully.\" Zach chuckled. \"What kind of accent is that?\" \"French,\" Felicity said. \"It was just me and Papa for the first eight years of my life, though he is English, but the people around him were in France, especially Queen Belle.\" \"That's interesting.\" Zach said. Felicity giggled sheepishly, she felt weird being alone with boys sometimes, especially Chip. Soon enough, they were now inside of the kitchen. The others then went to meet them there and they were also going to meet another member of Zach's family on the way. \"Nice kitchen.\" Estelle said. \"Thanks, I guess...\" Zach shrugged. \"It's bigger than our apartment.\" Gale chuckled. \"I think any house kitchens are bigger than apartments.\" Vincent said. \"We don't cook.\" Zach told his mother. \"Well, look at all this counter space to put the take-out and Mrs. Fudo's snickerdoodles on,\" Gale replied with a smile before pausing for a moment. \"Do you hear that?\" \"...No.\" Zach shook his head after not hearing a sound. \"Exactly.\" Gale smiled in relief. However, as if on cue, a door slammed which made some of them jolt slightly. \" LIVE FROM NEW YORK, IT'S MY SISTER GALE, ALONG WITH SPECIAL GUEST, NEPHEW ZACH! \" a woman called out before coming into the room and reaching out for Zach. \"Get in here with a hug!\" \"Let me guess, you must be Lorraine.\" Mo smiled. \"That's me,\" The woman smiled back as she gave Zach a tight hug before hugging Gale. \"Oh, my gosh... You're Detective Fudo's wife! You lucky, lucky girl!\" \"I sure am.\" Mo said. \"Yeah, lucky I didn't have to marry him.\" Cherry muttered. \"Your aunt sure likes to hug.\" Akito commented to Zach. \"Yours doesn't?\" Zach replied. \"Aunt Cherry doesn't do anything affectionate...\" Akito sighed. \"I often wonder how my dad could ever end up being friends with such a cold and black woman.\" \"Your Aunt Cherry doesn't usually show her emotions very much.\" Atticus told his youngest son. \"Oh, my gosh,\" Lorraine gushed to Zach. \"He gets more handsome every time I see him. So good looking.\" \"Thank you, Aunt Lorraine.\" Zach replied. \"Oh, he's just a beautiful boy, thank God, because you were such an ugly baby.\" Lorraine then said. \"There it is.\" Zach replied. \"Oh, Lorraine...\" Gale sighed to her sister. \"What? It's fine, he's handsome now,\" Lorraine defended. \"It's not like he's gonna go ugly, handsome, and then back to ugly. No, the danger's past.\" \"Do you have anything else to say, madame?\" Forte asked, slightly impatient and uncomfortable. \"Oh, I almost forgot,\" Lorraine reached into her purse for Zach. \"I got a present for you because I'm a cool aunt,\" she then took out a hat for her nephew. \"This is for my new signature mens' line.\" \"Uh...\" Akito and Vincent said, unsure how to react of how the hat looked. \"Check it out!\" Lorraine urged. \"Awesome...?\" Zach replied, feeling slightly uncomfortable. \"If Rarity was here, I think she wouldn't want anyone to wear it.\" Cherry whispered to Forte. Forte quietly chuckled as he imagined what it would be like if Rarity was here to see the 'fashionable hat'. \"It's limited edition, so you're not gonna see a lot of men wearing that hat.\" Lorraine warned her nephew. \"We can tell.\" Atticus said to her. \"Try it on and make sure it fits.\" Gale suggested to her son. \"I'm so glad I only wear bandannas.\" Akito smirked to himself. Zach then forced himself into wearing the hat. \"Aw!\" Gale and Lorraine cooed. Vincent couldn't help but snicker. \"What're you laughing at? You wear a scarf.\" Estelle pointed to her brother's ascot. \"It's an ascot from Jenny!\" Vincent glared. \"Whatever you say.\" Estelle shrugged. \"Hmph!\" Vincent huffed and flaunted his ascot. \"Artists...\" Akito and Estelle muttered together. \"Um, I'm gonna unload some boxes now and I'll see ya around.\" Zach told his mother and aunt so he could get away from them. \"Oh, honey, leave that hat on,\" Gale advised. \"I don't want you to burn.\" \"I think he'll be alright with this hat.\" Atticus said as he brought out a hat that didn't as humiliating as the hat before. Zach came outside to the moving van with his new hat on as he reached for a couple of boxes. \"Oh, Zach, look out!\" Akito yelped as he spotted something about the bottom box. \"What?\" Zach asked before the bottom box split open and its contents slipped out instantly. \"I think you were holding the box upside down.\" Akito said. \"Smooth...\" a girl commented. Zach looked to Estelle and Felicity who only shrugged as they hadn't said that. \"I think it was that girl in the window.\" Vincent said as he pointed to one of the windows that was opened at the house next Zach's. \"So, you're the new neighbor?\" The girl asked Zach. \"Yeah, nice to meet you.\" Zach smiled. \"How long was the drive from New York?\" The girl asked as she stood outside her window, but didn't leave the house. \"What gave it away?\" Akito asked. \"I could just tell by the cool hat that he has...\" the girl said shyly as she hid behind the window curtain slightly. \"Yeah, though his aunt's is not his favorite.\" Estelle commented. \"Well, it's still nice, because everybody gets to see you wearing it.\" The girl replied as she stayed inside. \"I'm Zach by the way.\" Zach greeted his next door neighbor. \"I'm Hannah.\" The girl gave her name. The others were about to greet her. \"I gotta go.\" Hannah then quickly said and zipped away inside her home. \"Good talk...\" Zach muttered. There was then a man with short dark hair in dark clothes and round glasses. \"Uh, hello?\" Akito greeted. \"Hi, hey, we're just moving in.\" Zach smiled politely to his other new neighbor. The man seemed to emotionlessly stare at him. \"J-Just me and my mom...\" Zach then added. \"Wow... He acts just like Aunt Cherry.\" Estelle whispered. \"But worse.\" Akito whispered back in agreement. \"Do you see the fence?\" The man firmly asked Zach. Zach was unsure how to answer him. \"Do... You... See... The fence?\" The man slowly enunciated with a slight glare to Zach. \"Uh, yeah.\" Zach told him. \"Stay on your side of it!\" The man warned Zach. \"You all stay away from my daughter, you stay away from me, and we won't have a problem!\" he then shut the curtains and walked off. \"Anyone else feel cold suddenly?\" Vincent asked. \"I'm cold-blooded.\" Felicity misunderstood. \"Vincent means that guy just gave us the cold shoulder.\" Estelle said. \"Oh... Right... Sorry, expressions are confusing...\" Felicity sighed. \"You're a lot better than when we first met you though.\" Estelle soothed. \"True.\" Felicity said.[Chapter 3] \"Well, I just met the neighbor.\" Zach told his mother and aunt as he came inside with the boxes. \"Yeah, he's acts just like you, Aunt Cherry, only worse.\" Vincent said to his aunt. \"What is that supposed to mean?\" Cherry took slight offence to that. \"Well, it's just unlike you, that guy gave us the cold shoulder, well, more then to Zach than to us.\" Akito said. \"Does he have a teenage daughter?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes, but-\" Estelle was about to say. \"Case closed.\" Cherry smirked. \"But even Dad wasn't that overprotective.\" Estelle said. \"Hmm...\" Cherry then hummed in thought. \"I guess we'll have to work on this guy, he sounds like a creep, and trust me, I know a creep when I see one.\" \"Thank you, Cerise...\" Forte rolled his eyes. \"Oh, I wasn't talking about you, but you're welcome.\" Cherry smirked. \"What do you think of him, Lorraine?\" Mo asked, referring to the man next door. \"Who, Mr. Shivers?\" Lorraine replied. \"Yeah, he moved to town a few years ago. Very mysterious. Very sexy... I love his scent. It's like mint and BO. It works.\" \"Uh, okay?\" Forte said, unsure. \"Yeah... Not my type.\" Zach muttered to his aunt. Gale gasped as she took out a picture frame. \"I remember that day...\" she then sighed as it was a man with Zach and he had a football. \"Is that Zach's father?\" Atticus asked as he looked at the picture. Zach seemed to stare at the photograph. \"Y-Yes, it is...\" Gale replied softly. \"Where is his father anyway?\" Forte asked. \"H-He died last year...\" Gale replied softly. \"This now just became awkward.\" Cherry whispered. 'Are you blaming me?\" Forte glared. \"You brought it up.\" Cherry glared back. \"I'm gonna go get a head start decorating my room,\" Zach stammered nervously and softly as he left the room with a box of his stuff. \"Knock it off my bucket list.\" \"Alright, so, I guess I am to blame.\" Forte said. Gale soon bowed her head and Lorraine decided to comfort her sister. \"Come on, let's go home.\" Mo suggested as she left the snickerdoodles for their new neighbors. They all then went home while Akito curiously looked upstairs, but followed after his family. \"I wish there was something we could do, Zach.\" Vincent said. \"Same here...\" Akito sighed. When everyone came home, they were greeted by their pets. \"How is the new family?\" Patch asked. \"They seem to be fine, but Zach seems to be having a hard time already.\" Akito said to his father's dog. \"Ooh, they have a son?\" Scruffy smiled. \"Do they have a dog?!\" \"No.\" Atticus said. \"Aww...\" Scruffy pouted. \"What about Pokemon?\" Snow White asked. \"Sorry, guys, but it just seems to be a mother and son.\" Estelle replied. \"But what about the father?\" Dot asked. \"I'm afraid he's no longer with the family.\" Vincent said. \"Where is he?\" Snow White asked. \"In a better place now...\" Vincent said softly. \"Like Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse's father...\" \"Oh...\" Snow White said before her eyes widened. \"Ohh!\" \"He must miss him.\" Colette frowned. \"I know I'd miss Dad if anything happened to him...\" Akito sighed. \"Now, now, you don't have to worry about that, Akito, I'm not going anywhere.\" Atticus promised his son. \"So, what should we do now?\" Scruffy asked. \"I'll make some dinner to lighten the mood.\" Mo smiled. \"That sounds nice.\" Angel smiled back. The Fudo kids smiled softly to their parents, but soon frowned to each other after they went to make dinner. The kids then decided to fill their time with their own activities. Akito did push-ups and sit-ups while looking at a motivational poster of Goku on his ceiling that Atticus got for him. \"I can't wait to meet Goku in person.\" He said while doing sit-ups. Vincent did one of his paintings as he sat by the window, he kept looking outside curiously while painting and where he kept on wondering what was going on in Hannah's house. Estelle wasn't doing ballet for a change and just read her Princess Tutu book while Teddy was resting behind her. \"Princess Tutu's fate sounds so sad.\" She frowned. \"What happens?\" Teddy asked as he glanced into the book as she read what it had to say. \"She vanishes into a speck of light after confessing her love.\" Estelle explained. \"Oh, Mama...\" Teddy replied. Estelle held the book close as she couldn't help but imagine herself in the situation with Lee. Teddy soon nuzzled Estelle. Estelle smiled and hugged her Ursaring. \"You're such a good boy...\" Teddy soon smiled back at her. Derek and Odette soon came to Estelle, they seemed to fight for attention at first and soon argued. Estelle looked annoyed until she made them stop. \" QUIET! \" The Pokemon twins soon stopped. \"One at a time...\" Estelle gently told them like a mother would. \"Odette, what seems to be going on?\" \"We wanna show you our own dance.\" Odette told her. \"Oh, okay.\" Estelle smiled. Derek then started the music and the Pokemon then began to show their own ballet to Estelle that they had been working on for a while now and where she began to like their ballet. The soon then ended and the duo finished. \"Bravo, guys, bravo!\" Estelle smiled and clapped to Derek and Odette. \"Thank you.\" Odette and Derek smiled back. \"Dinner!\" Mo soon called out. Everyone soon came into the dining room. Mo smiled as she made a nice ham for dinner with potatoes and broccoli and where everyone ate which wasn't really a big surprise. \"I hope Zach goes to our school, he plays football,\" Akito smiled in excitement. \"By the way, Dad, when can I meet Goku?\" \"How does after the big dance tomorrow night sound?\" Atticus smiled. \"Wait, really?\" Akito smiled back. \"Yep, along with the rest of the Z fighters.\" Atticus said. \"Yes!\" Akito cheered. \"Oh, I just love your Dragon Ball Z stories, Dad.\" \"Yeah, me too,\" Atticus smiled back. \"I'm also so glad I got to meet Goku and thanks to our first time together, I got over my childhood fear of thunderstorms.\" \"Yeah, that song seem to do the trick.\" Mo smiled. Atticus smiled back as they ate dinner together. Estelle couldn't help but still think about Princess Tutu's fate, it deeply concerned her. \"Estelle?\" Vincent asked. \"You okay?\" \"Oh, um, yeah...\" Estelle said softly. \"You've been very quiet,\" Mo said to her daughter. \"And I heard Derek and Odette came up with their own dance.\" Estelle then sighed. \"It's about my Princess Tutu book...\" she soon admitted. \"Oh...I guess you read what happens to her in the end, huh?\" Mo guessed. \"Uh-huh...\" Estelle pouted. \"Are you worried that'll happen between you and Lee?\" Mo asked. \"I mean, I have a 50:50 shot, I guess...\" Estelle shrugged. \"I don't wanna lose him just when I got him.\" \"Estelle, you admitted your feelings to him already and you haven't vanished.\" Mo told her. \"Yeah... I guess I have...\" Estelle soon settled down. \"And Princess Tutu's fate was when she confessed her love, she would vanish into a speck of light.\" Mo reminded her. \"Uh-huh...\" Estelle nodded. \"Estelle, you are a lot like Ahira, but you are not her...\" Mo soothed her daughter. \"Nothing will happen.\" \"I am a graceful dancer.\" Estelle smiled. \"There you go...\" Mo smiled back. The family then continued to eat as the mood was light again as they enjoyed their time together as a family. \"Nothing could ruin this night.\" Vincent smiled. The family kept eating until they were all done and where after dinner, Akito and Atticus went out to do their investigation.[Chapter 4] \"I love it when we do this!\" Akito squealed. \"I love it too, Akito.\" Atticus smiled. Akito smiled as he followed his dad so they could investigate as father and son. It was one of their favorite bonding activities and where they decided to try to go through the back door. Akito hummed the Great Escape. \"Son...\" Atticus replied. \"Aw, come on, it's cool.\" Akito defended. \"I know, but we have to be quiet.\" Atticus told him. \"Sorry...\" Akito bit his lip. The father and son then went to investigate together. Once inside, they noticed bear traps on the floor. \"Be very careful, Akito.\" Atticus warned his younger son, though they both knew they didn't have to worry about simple little traps. They both then moved like ninjas to avoid the bear traps and where they soon made it to the other side of the room. They both peeked out as they were side-by-side. And where they soon started to investigate the house. \"Ooh...\" Akito soon shivered as he got chills down his spine as he explored with his dad. As they investigated the house, Akito could sense the two beings he sensed before was coming from one room. Atticus was looking around for clues or anything suspicious as it was in his job's nature. Akito went in the room before he turned on the lights of the room. Atticus took out his tiny brush and dusted for any fingerprints. Akito soon walked over to a book shelf filled with books written and published by R.L. Stine. \"R.L. Stine...\" he muttered to himself as he looked at the name, he then looked curious. \"Man, this place is giving me chills...\" Atticus shuddered as he came by Akito. \"Almost like... Like...\" \"Goosebumps?\" Akito replied. \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. He soon went up to one of the books with the title name 'The Night of the Living Dummy' and touched it only for his eyes to glow afterwards. \"Dad?!\" Akito's blue eyes widened. Atticus's mind seemed to be somewhere else as we are shown him in a dark room. Atticus's eyes opened and he looked around in the darkness. \"Hello?\" he then called out as his voice seemed to echo. \"Anybody here?\" \"I'm here.\" A creepy voice echoed. \"Cherry, is this is you, it's not funny.\" Atticus glared. \"There is no Cherry...\" The voice replied. \"If you say 'Only Zuul', I swear to Celestia...\" Atticus rolled his eyes as he thought his best friend was being immature again. \"Just look down!\" The voice told him. Atticus then looked down, but he did not see Cherry, it was actually someone else. \"Are you a dummy?\" He asked the figure. \"That's a little rude for a detective.\" The figure laughed hysterically. \"Wait, a talking dummy-Oh, no, you wouldn't happen to be Slappy, would you?\" Atticus asked. The dummy then laughed even louder. \"No duh, Sherlock!\" \"Yep, you're Slappy,\" Atticus rolled his eyes. \"I read the Goosebumps books with Cherry whenever I could and where it always seemed like you had a sick personality.\" \"You are smart.\" Slappy replied. \"What do you want and why are you here?\" Atticus asked before rolling his eyes. \"You should know,\" Slappy said. \"You're the smart one, aren't you?\" \"Let me guess, you are the evil that my son sensed and you are wanting out of your book along with all the other monsters from their books.\" Atticus guessed. \"I guess that's how you got your job and becoming President of the Obvious Club.\" Slappy smirked. \"And you think I'm gonna do that?\" Atticus asked. \"I'm not so sure you will, but maybe your son will...\" Slappy replied. \"He's a lot like you, though he's more foolish... He and his twin sister thought that your Uncle Sombra was a beloved relative.\" \"And he is, because thanks to them, he's no longer evil.\" Atticus told him. \"What if someone were to change that?\" Slappy laughed. Atticus just laughed. \"I don't think so,\" he then said in deadpan. \"Celesita's giving him another chance and he's been nothing but kind and generous to the family.\" \"Hmm... Well, I can't get him to turn evil, but maybe I could get that son of yours to be turned evil.\" Slappy smirked. \"You wouldn't dare!\" Atticus glared. \"Just watch me...\" Slappy tempted. \"Don't you remember when Captain Pollution corrupted Vincent?\" \"Yeah, but that was only when he was jealous.\" Atticus said. \"Don't tempt me, Detective Man...\" Slappy replied. \"Man, you're more annoying than you are evil...\" Atticus rolled his eyes. \"It's like before Iago joined our side back in Agrabah after he had enough of Jafar.\" \"Yeah, yeah, anyway, enough with you.\" Slappy said. Atticus's eyes soon stopped glowing. Atticus blinked and then looked around as he was back in the room. \"Vision?\" Akito asked. \"More like my magic was able to let me talk to Slappy the talking Dummy.\" Atticus said. \"Slappy the talking Dummy?\" Akito repeated. \"Yeah, he's the main enemy in that book,\" Atticus said as he pointed to the Night of the Living Dummy book. \"I used to read this one with your Aunt Cherry all the time when we were kids.\" \"Is he bad?\" Akito asked. \"Very...\" Atticus nodded. \"He became a villain in Night of the Living Dummy II when the girl got a new dummy for her talent show and he vowed revenge and came to life... Kind of like an evil, demented version of Pinocchio.\" \"Whoa.\" Akito gulped. \"Yeah, he was kinda freaky then, but not too bad now, but still a threat.\" Atticus warned. \"What do we do about him, Dad?\" Akito asked. \"Keep him in his book.\" Atticus said. \"Can we do that?\" Akito asked. \"We have to.\" Atticus gently put his hands on his shoulders. \"Okay, but why doesn't he just get out of the book?\" Akito asked before he grabbed one of the books to see that it was locked. \"Looks like I got my work cut out for me...\" Atticus sighed. \"Listen, it's late and it's a school night. I'll take care of this tomorrow while you're in school and call you when I find out something.\" \"Okay.\" Akito said. Later that night, Akito went straight to bed while Atticus took a quick shower to think about what he saw tonight and would get further into it by tomorrow when he would go to work. Akito smiled as he nustled in his bed, he then gently kissed the picture of Emi on his nightstand and got comfortable with Scruffy sleeping on his bed. And where the rest of the night was peaceful. It was better than Atticus's vision and he just hoped that it would turn out for the better.[Chapter 5] The next morning soon came and it was time for school. Felicity, Akito, Estelle, and Vincent told Tony, Marc, Megan, and Lee all about the new kid who was going to be in their school as they were walking there now and where they saw Gale driving Zach to school. \"Is that him?\" Megan asked. \"Yeah, that's Zach Cooper.\" Estelle told her. \"He seems cool.\" Tony smiled. \"Remember, guys, he's new here, so best behavior.\" Lee warned his younger siblings. \"Yes, Lee.\" Megan, Marc, and Tony said. Estelle couldn't help but giggle at that. \"Hey, guys.\" Violet came over. Estelle, Felicity, and Megan smiled before going to talk with Violet as she was more social and friendly now ever since the family adventure about being a superhero. \"Hey, Vi.\" Estelle smiled. 'So, I hear there's a new kid in your neighborhood?\" Violet asked. \"Yeah, his name's Zach Cooper, he's coming right now with his mom.\" Estelle replied. \"Cooper?\" Violet pondered. \"I think Principal Shields said that would be our new vice principal.\" \"Yeah, that's his mom.\" Estelle said. Akito yawned loudly. \"Oh, sorry, is this girl talk boring you?\" Estelle glared to her twin brother. \"Sorry, Sis, but I was up late last night with Dad doing an investigation.\" Akito explained. \"Ohh.\" Estelle said, now understanding. \"Big night...\" Akito muttered as he looked very exhausted. Zach soon left his mother's car and went with his future classmates inside of the school as Akito could've sworn he heard Gale counting down from sixty. \"Sounds like she's giving him a sixty second start.\" Akito whispered. \"Moms.\" Lee sighed with a laugh. The bell soon rang which summoned the students inside of the school. \"There's an assembly.\" Marc told the others. \"You know everything about school, don't you?\" Tony deadpanned. They all soon went inside the gym and where Zach didn't mind his new friends sitting with him. \"It's not so bad when you sit with people you know.\" Megan said to Zach. \"True that.\" Vincent said. \"True that?\" the others glanced at him for trying to sound hip and cool. \"Nyah!\" Vincent folded his arms and stuck his tongue out at them. Principal Shields was making sure everyone could find their seats before she would make her announcement. \"Oh, no, guys; I feel like someone who isn't cool is about to join us.\" Tony whispered. \"Oh, no, it's not Chump is it?\" Megan winced. \"Yeah, he's dorkier than Marc!\" Tony replied before looking to his brunette brother. \"No offense.\" \"Gee, none taken!\" Marc glared slightly. \"And besides, his name is Champ.\" \"Tony, your fear is correct.\" Akito said. The boy in a green shirt then jumped down to sit next to Zach, instantly recognizing him as a new kid. \"Hi, Megan!\" The boy grinned to the black-haired girl. \"Hi, Champ...\" Megan muttered. \"Oh, great, our day just got worse.\" Tony groaned. \"Oh, come on, you guys, he can't be that bad...\" Felicity said. \"In fact, I think I'll test out my social skills.\" \"Good luck with that.\" Lee muttered. \"Bonjour!\" Felicity smiled to Champ. \"Uh, hey.\" Champ greeted. \"So, Champ, is it?\" Felicity asked. \"Yeah, it's short for Champion.\" Champ smiled. This caused Felicity to giggle a bit. \"So, you know the new kid?\" Champ asked as he seemed obsessed with Zach right now. \"Erm,... Sort of...\" Felicity shrugged. \"My cousins got to meet him last night.\" \"Oh, why bring us into this.\" Vincent whispered. Champ smiled and waved to the Fudo siblings who cringed smiled back and waved weakly to be polite. \"You're friends with Megan Clark, she's pretty, though maybe not as pretty as Taylor.\" Champ smiled creepily to Felicity. \"Uh, that's nice?\" Felicity said, unsure how to react. Megan looked uneasy as Champ seemed to be hitting on her. \"Hey, guys.\" Marco and Star greeted. \"Oh, Star, so good to see you!\" Akito smiled to the Mewni girl who was exchanged to their school. \"Uh, you too, Marco.\" \"This will be my first Halloween here on Earth.\" Star smiled. \"Oh, that's right,\" Felicity smiled back. \"It is a wonderful affair.\" \"Yeah, if only my dad was scary.\" Marco sighed. \"My mother is scary.\" Felicity smiled simply. \"Yes, she is...\" Vincent hid a shudder before muttering about Mr. Sykes under his breath who was the most terrifying man in his life. \"What was that about someone named Sykes?\" Star asked. Vincent bit his lip. \"Nothing?\" \"Vincent, that was years ago... It's okay.\" Estelle soothed her elder brother. Vincent then sighed and took a deep breath. \"He was a very bad man... A loan shark... All he cared about was money and feeding off of people's fear.\" \"True.\" Akito nodded. Vincent shook chills down his spine as he remembered his early childhood with the man. \"Sometimes he made his dogs bite me or he would hit me if I did anything wrong.\" \"That sounds terrible.\" Star frowned. \"See this scar?\" Vincent rolled up his sleeve to show a burning scar on his arm. \"Oh, yeah, that...\" Felicity memorized. \"He burnt his cigar on my arm when I was 'home' late, I was trying to run away and he caught me before I could find the police or anyone helpful.\" Vincent explained. \"Whoa.\" Marco said, wide-eyed. \"Does it still hurt?\" Star asked.' \"Not so much anymore, but it's just a painful reminder of what my life was like.\" Vincent sighed. Soon enough, Taylor walked by. \"Hi, Taylor.\" Champ greeted. \"Hi, Chump.\" Taylor replied before going to sit with Tammy, even though she seemed too nice to be friends with her. \"Did she just call you Chump?\" Zach asked Champ. \"Yes, indeed, she did,\" Champ explained before rambling on as he seemed desperate to make friends with Zach and the others. \"My real name is Champ, you know. But she's never talked to me before, so we're making progress.\" \"Yeah.\" Akito nodded. \"Three... Two... One, settle down,\" Principal Shields called to her students. \"Good morning. I'm so happy to introduce to our new vice principal, Miss Cooper. And I hope that you show her the same respect that you show me.\" 'Oh, we will.' Tony thought to himself. One of the boys made an immature impression of a fart noise which made some of the other students laugh. \"Wow, even I'm not that immature... Right, guys?\" Tony asked his siblings. \"If it wasn't you, it must've been a freshman.\" Lee said which made Estelle giggle. \"Agreed.\" Marc said. \"Miss Cooper.\" Principal Shields then introduced Zach's mother. The gym teacher seemed to clap for her. Gale soon came up to the microphone and looked all around the teenage student body. \"Hi, everyone,\" She smiled to her future students. \"I know I speak for the entire administration when I say we are so excited for Friday's Fall Dance, we can't stop 'twerking' about it!\" \"Oh, no, she didn't...\" Zach groaned as his mother mentioned twerking in order to fit in with the teen lingo. \"Well, that was embarrassing.\" Tony whispered. A few students coughed awkwardly. The gym teacher seemed amused by Gale's comment however. \"She's worst that the last one.\" Champ quietly groaned. \"That's my mom.\" Zach told him. \"The last one was awesome.\" Champ lied. \"Oh, brother...\" Megan sighed and rolled her copper eyes. \"Lie.\" Tony whispered. \"I-I'm kidding,\" Gale smiled nervously to the tough crowd. \"I don't even know what twerking is... But I hear it's very popular...\" \"So, you taking anyone to the dance?\" Champ asked Zach. 'Oh, please don't tell me he's going to do what I think he's going to do.' Akito thought to himself. \"No.\" Zach replied. \"Yeah...\" Champ said then. \"I was thinking of flying solo too. Hey, we should go together.\" 'That's not awkward at all.' Akito thought to himself sarcastically before face-palming himself. Zach even found that weird. Champ then explained what he meant. \"Think we can have Chip, Emi, and Jenny come over to the dance?\" Felicity asked her cousins with a hopeful smile. \"Sure.\" Champ said. Felicity glanced at him. \"Erm... Not to be rude, but I was talking with my cousins, not you.\" \"Who are Chip, Emi, and Jenny?\" Champ asked anyway. \"The loves of our lives...\" Vincent said as he thought about Jenny, he was always more romantic about his crush on Jenny than the others were about their loves. \"Ohh.\" Champ said. \"Anyway, what do you think?\" Felicity asked. \"I just hope Emi isn't too busy with Pokemon Princess duties...\" Akito sighed. \"She's been super busy lately that every time I call, I either get her mom or Ash.\" \"I'm sure she won't be busy.\" Estelle said. \"Hopefully...\" Akito hoped so. \"It'll be a great dance for all of us.\" Felicity smiled which made her cousins smile back. \"And as a final reminder,\" Gale soon concluded her speech for the students. \"Just be safe and have fun!\" The school bell soon rang. This made the students soon get up so they could leave the gym since they were now dismissed. Champ soon gave Zach a card to either call, text, or even Tweet him. The rest of the school day went by fast. \"Wow, that was a fast school day.\" Estelle said as they were now going home. \"You can say that again.\" Akito said. Hannah was watching Zach as he was taking out the trash and where he could tell that someone was watching him. He tried to keep his cool until Hannah came out of the fence and decided to talk with him. Akito shook a chill down his spine before looking to the others. \"Is that why you were up late?\" Felicity asked. \"Mm-hmm...\" Akito nodded. \"Me and Dad.\" \"Something must be going on in that house.\" Estelle said. The Fudo siblings then came into their house with Felicity. Atticus was telling Cherry about what he discovered with Akito last night. \"R.L. Stein?\" Cherry asked in slight surprise, memorizing that name from her early childhood. \"Yep.\" Atticus nodded. \"No way...\" Cherry replied before looking as the kids came back from school. \"Hey, Dad, did you find out anything else about last night?\" Akito asked as he came to the couch before noticing Cherry. \"Oh, um, hello, Aunt Cherry, what's up?\" \"My depression.\" Cherry muttered. \"So the same.\" Akito said. \"Mm...\" Cherry hummed. \"Anyway, Dad, did you find out anything new?\" Akito then asked his father. \"Yeah, did you?\" Vincent asked. Atticus took out his notebook to see an entry for the day of his discoveries. \"Mostly that Hannah is home-schooled like you guys used to and her father isn't very social.\" \"And apparently he made my childhood...\" Cherry then said about the man being R.L. Stein. \"Turns out Mr. Shivers isn't his real name.\" \"So, is Hannah really his daughter?\" Estelle asked. \"She's actually one of his characters.\" Atticus replied. \"What? But she isn't a monster,\" Vincent said. \"And she's not evil.\" \"Um... Cherry, what was that one book with the weird girl?\" Atticus asked. \"The Ghost Next Door.\" Cherry memorized. \"That's right, didn't she always appear as a ghost when the light of a full moon shined down on it?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah, but every other time, she looked like a normal girl.\" Cherry nodded. \"Uh, Aunt Cherry, would one of the characters from the books be lonely?\" Akito asked. \"That's an understatement,\" Cherry smirked. \"But most of them can be...\" \"Do you remember which one in specific?\" Akito asked nervously. \"Hmm...\" Cherry tried to think back. \"The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena?\" Vincent guessed. \"That's it!\" Cherry snapped her fingers once the name came back to her. \"#38, first published in 1995.\" \"So that's the one that I sensed that was lonely.\" Akito said. \"Authors are very powerful people...\" Cherry told her niece and nephews. \"We may only write what we want, but sometimes we can have things come to life when it can go without control.\" \"Thanks for the warning.\" Estelle said. Vincent soon saw Zach and Hannah outside going somewhere. \"Uh, they're going out...\" he then said about the neighbors. \"Oh, Vincent, they just met, high school girls don't have that strong libidos, especially ones who are home educated.\" Cherry replied. \"They're going out.\" Vincent tried again. \"Where are they going?\" Atticus asked his eldest. \"Hannah seems to be taking Zach into the woods.\" Vincent explained. \"Why would she be taking him there?\" Estelle asked. \"Probably to show him something, have you kids seen anything in the woods?\" Atticus asked. \"Um, no, not since you showed us Halloween Town...\" Akito shrugged. \"Well, I'd say you should see for yourselves.\" Cherry suggested. The Fudo siblings seemed to have that exact same thought as they rushed out. Felicity then decided to join them. Cherry sipped her cup of tea as she and Atticus still talked about this while the kids would explore in the woods and where Zach seemed to be scared of the forest.[Chapter 6] \"This dark forest reminds me of Papa's story about when Maman abandoned me on the castle doorstep.\" Felicity commented as they were in the dark part of the forest before they came to what looked more like a party. \"Looks more like a carnival now.\" Akito said. \"Whoa...\" Zach couldn't believe his eyes. \"What'dya think?\" Hannah smiled to Zach. \"Where are we?\" Estelle asked. \"They built this place many years ago, but then they ran out of money,\" Hannah replied. \"Now it just sits here.\" \"So sad.\" Felicity frowned. \"So glad you guys could come too.\" Hannah smiled to their company. \"We wanted to know where you two were going.\" Vincent said. \"Well, I'm really happy to see you.\" Hannah replied. Estelle and Felicity smiled as they hoped to had made a new friend, even if her father was totally creepy and stifling. The six of them were soon walking to the Ferris Wheel. Felicity was a little nervous since she was afraid of heights, except for climbing trees with Mismagius and Bartok. Zach seemed to be scared to climb it. \"Ooh, a Ferris Wheel...\" Vincent smiled. \"This is my favorite part.\" Hannah smiled back to her new friends. \"What is?\" Estelle asked. \"This way.\" Hannah said before she began to climb while Zach backed away out of fear. \"I'm an Aipom!\" Akito pretended with a laugh as he climbed. Estelle seemed to giggle at her twin brother's behavior. Zach soon groaned in defeat and climbed up with the others. \"The trick is to not look down...\" Felicity whispered to herself. Vincent and Estelle soon climbed up after them. \"Don't be scared, Flick, think of it as when we were jet flying with the Loonatics...\" Estelle coached. \"Remember how much fun that was?\" \"Oui...\" Felicity smiled as she soon relaxed and calmed herself down. The rest of the way up was easy. Hannah was coaching Zach on the way up to the wheel. Soon enough, they reached up to the top. Everyone helped themselves into seats and they all looked into the night sky as Zach went to sit with Hannah. \"Whoa, it's amazing from up here.\" Akito smiled. \"It's almost like the Eiffel Tower.\" Vincent agreed. \"Oui.\" Felicity smiled. \"You can see everything from up here...\" Estelle marveled. \"So, what made you move to Southdale?\" Hannah asked Zach. \"Well, my mom said to me: 'Zach, if you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?',\" Zach began. \"And I said, 'Could we please move to SouthDale?' That's been my dream.\" \"Are you always this sarcastic?\" Hannah laughed as she knew he was being sarcastic. \"Always? No, that's a strong word,\" Zach replied. \"Not always... Usually.\" he then let out a laugh himself. 'They're getting along.' Estelle thought to herself. Felicity smiled as she watched Zach and Hannah bonding, she thought it was kind of cute. Once they got down, they had some cotton candy. \"It's so sweet and fluffy, I'm gonna die!\" Felicity laughed as she was getting sugar high already. \"How old is this cotton candy?\" Estelle asked. \"I sneak some over every time I come here,\" Hannah admitted. \"I'm usually not allowed to have some.\" \"Wow, your dad must be a buzz kill.\" Vincent said. \"What does your madre think?\" Felicity asked. Hannah bowed her head slightly. \"I-I never met her.\" \"Oh, we're so sorry to hear that.\" Felicity frowned. \"It's okay...\" Hannah replied. \"I didn't meet my mother until I was eight...\" Felicity sympathized. \"You're lucky to have her.\" Hannah said. \"I suppose I am... Erm... Sorry for bringing it up...\" Felicity replied. \"It's okay, I wonder about you all too, even though you guys are kin to Detective Fudo.\" Hannah soothed. \"Well, Akito is more like Dad than the rest of us.\" Vincent said. Akito smiled proudly of that fact. \"I wanna be just like him when I grow up.\" \"And married to the Pokemon Princess.\" Vincent added with a smirk. Akito soon blushed after the mention of mairrage \"Pokemon Princess? No way, that's just a myth.\" Zach scoffed at first. \"Oh, no, you didn't!\" Akito glared as his girlfriend was talked about like that. \"She's real.\" Estelle confirmed. \"Pokemon aren't real.\" Zach replied. \"They are so, you don't know what you're talking about!\" Akito glared. Crystal spikes started to rise from the ground. \"Take it easy, Akito!\" Estelle warned her twin brother. \"Well, he made me mad...\" Akito defended as he narrowed his eyes. \"It's getting late, maybe we should go back home.\" Hannah suggested as Felicity giggled from a sugar rush. \"I agree.\" Vincent said. They then walked back home. Felicity giggled rather loudly as she was sugar high which concerned her cousins. \"Felicity, maybe you should calm down a bit.\" Akito said. \"Too much candy...\" Felicity said before giggling hyperly. \"Need more!\" Estelle soon secretly used her magic and put Felicity to sleep. Felicity soon yawned and powered down. \"Aunt Cherry would kill us if Flick was bouncing off the walls.\" Estelle said before Akito carried their sleeping cousin. \"You can say that again.\" Akito said. They then went home, Hannah leading them of course. \"That was pretty cool,\" Vincent commented about the fairground. \"It reminds me of when we went to the fair with Jenny's cousin Fern.\" \"I still can't believe Zach and Felicity ate that cotton candy.\" Hannah said. \"I just can't believe Felicity got sugar high, maybe this is why Uncle Forte doesn't let her have sweets.\" Akito replied. \"He should have told us.\" Vincent said. \"The cotton candy actually wasn't that bad.\" Zach then said which made Hannah chuckle. They were then close to their houses. \"So, uh, thanks for tonight...\" Zach said to Hannah shyly. \"That was the least terrible time I've had here.\" \"Oh, Zach, that's so sweet,\" Hannah smiled. \"That's... I... Really...\" she then turned away to get back into her home. \"They are so meant to be.\" Estelle whispered. Zach talked with Hannah as the others went to their own homes to get some sleep after a long day. Unfortunately, they wouldn't get any sleep that night. Akito, Estelle, Vincent, and Felicity held their covers close as they were wide awake in their beds. Hannah was getting in an argument with her father as Zach was trying to do his algebra homework. Akito could hear what was going on between Hannah and her dad. \"Dad, it's not a big deal.\" \"Hannah, you have to understand-\" \"I don't have to understand anything! We were just talking!\" \"Akito, I can't sleep.\" Scruffy pouted to his master. \"How can anyone sleep with those two bickering?\" Akito sighed as he pet his puppy. \"Must be our super-hearing.\" Scruffy said. \"Yes, but it's much worse for us...\" Akito sighed. Estelle knocked on his bedroom door and opened it, holding Dot in her arms. \"Can I come in?\" \"Sure...\" Akito nodded and scooted over so she could sit on his bed. Estelle came over and knelt on her twin brother's bed. \"Was I like that when Daddy wouldn't let me be alone with Lee until our match against Titan?\" \"No and he actually let you two truly be totally alone after your digital form changed into beautiful form.\" Akito smiled. \"Yeah...\" Estelle smiled back. Dot and Scruffy then smiled to each other as they were together like their humans. They soon heard Hannah's scream from her house. \"Hannah!\" Akito and Estelle gasped. They both ran out of the room as Vincent came in front of them. \"Did you guys hear that scream?!\" Vincent asked his twin siblings in a panic as Snow White was scared. \"We sure did.\" Estelle said. \"Hang on... Before anything else.\" AKito said before zipping around his siblings and they were all in their day time clothes so they wouldn't go to Hannah's house in their pajamas. They then continued going on. Bartok was hanging upside down from a tree in the Forte yard and woke up as he saw the Fudo siblings and he saw that this seemed important, so he went to wake up Felicity. \"Felicity?\" Bartok asked as he shook her. Felicity snorked and woke up. \"Hm? Bartok?\" \"There's something going on with your cousins, I think you should go with them.\" Bartok replied. \"I did hear a scream in my slumber, but I thought that was me having a night terror.\" Felicity sat up in her bed right away. \"We better go see what's going on.\" Bartok said. Everyone, even Zach, then rushed to Hannah's house to get to the bottom of this. They came to the fence, only to see that it was blocked so Hannah couldn't get out anymore. Akito soon ran straight through the blocked path, surprising Zach. He coughed slightly and looked to the others. \"Okay... Let's go...\" \"How did you do that?\" Zach asked in shock. \"I'll explain that later, come on, we have to help Hannah!\" Akito replied. \"You're right.\" Zach said. They all then ran to the front door and Zach quickly knocked on it. \"What?!\" Mr. Shivers came out. \"We heard a scream,\" Zach told him. \"Is Hannah alright?\" \"There was no scream, none of you heard anything, get out of here or the last scream any of you hear will be your own.\" Mr. Shivers sneered. \"Then let's see Hannah.\" Akito glared. \"Go home!\" Mr. Shivers glared back before slamming the door in their faces. \"Oh, he shouldn't have done that.\" Estelle gulped, fearing the worst. Akito breathed heavily until he then let out a Sonic Scream that made the area shake slightly. Crystal spikes started to appear. \"Kito!\" Estelle cried out. \" I'M GONNA BUST THAT DOOR DOWN IN HIS FACE! \" Akito roared. \"Let's leave this guy to the police.\" Zach said, referring Mr. Shivers. Akito growled and Scruffy bit the back of his pants and dragged him back home with all his might. Akito soon calmed down and where the crystal spikes disappeared. \"Better?\" Scruffy muffled. \"Better...\" Akito bowed his head. Scruffy then let go of his master's pants. Zach soon called the police. The others then went home. \"Out after curfew?\" Mo asked her children and Felicity. \"This better be good... I heard a scream, was that one of you?\" \"No, Aunt Mo, it was Hannah.\" Felicity pouted. \"Oh, my...Is she alright?\" Mo asked. \"We're not sure, Mr. Shivers shut us out before we could see anything.\" Akito replied, he was still angry, but he was a little calmer now, so he didn't have crystal spikes with him. \"Yeah.\" Estelle nodded. \"This is serious...\" Mo commented. \"I better tell your father.\" \"I heard everything.\" Atticus said as he came outside. \"Oh, Atticus, you scared me!\" Mo gasped and put her hand to her chest. \"Funny, that's my job.\" Cherry said as she came beside her childhood best friend. \"How do you two do that?\" Mo asked. \"I have my own ways...\" Cherry replied. \"Your Aunt Cherry insisted that she helps during this journey...\" Atticus told the teenagers. \"Cool.\" Vincent smiled. \"Trust me, I'm an expert when it comes to these things...\" Cherry replied. \"Like me with my Nancy Drew books back when I got to meet her,\" Atticus remembered. \"Remember that, Cherry?\" \"Yes, I thought for sure she'd be your girlfriend since this was before we met Mo.\" Cherry hid a sly smirk. \"Yeah, well, we weren't that close.\" Atticus said, referring to himself and Nancy. \"That's what you say...\" Cherry replied. \"I told you the story, it wasn't like that!\" Atticus reminded her. They soon heard police sirens and looked out the window as cops were going to Mr. Shivers' house to put him under arrest. \"Looks like Mr. Shivers is about to get his just desserts.\" Akito smirked. \"That's good, right?\" Felicity asked. \"For us, yes, for him, not so much.\" Cherry also smirked. \"Hehehe...\" Felicity smirked herself. \"Shall we watch him get arrested?\" Mo smirked. \"Oh, I love it when you get like this.\" Atticus smirked to his wife. They soon went to watch Mr. Shivers get arrested. The cops slammed on the door until Mr. Shivers answered in annoyance. \"You're under arrest!\" The female police officer told him. \"Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa,\" The male police officer replied while Mr. Shivers stared them down. \"I love enthusiasm... I love that... Keep it. But we're just... We're not there yet.\" Mr. Shivers seemed to roll his eyes at the cops at his door. \"Should we include ourselves, Dad?\" Akito whispered. \"Come on, I'll handle these amateurs.\" Atticus said as he held his licensed detective badge. Before anything else was said, Atticus's presence was noticed. Akito held his badge that Barbie gave him on that night that Ken was vanished by a magician. \"Detective Atticus Fudo, please stay calm.\" Atticus told the two police officers. \"It's an honor to meet you, sir.\" The female police officer said. \"I'm Officer Stevens and this is Training Officer Brooks.\" The male officer introduced. \"Nice to meet you both.\" Atticus said. \"Anyway, we got a call about a possible 10-16 in this residence.\" Officer Stevens replied. \"Which is...?\" He then tested his partner. \"Um, a possible disturbance?\" Training Officer Brooks guessed. \"Domestic disturbance.\" Akito spoke up. \"That's right,\" Officer Stevens told the boy. \"Bright young boy.\" Akito smiled bashfully and shuffled his foot. \"That's my boy.\" Atticus smiled proudly. \"Well, that's strange, because I've been here alone all night and I haven't heard a thing.\" Mr. Shivers told the cops about the distress call. \"Liar.\" Akito said. Mr. Shivers scoffed at him. \"Where's Hannah?\" Vincent demanded. \"We heard her screaming.\" Mr. Shivers laughed. \"Okay, yes, Hannah is my daughter and she's been staying with me a while while her mother sorted a few things out with her new husband.\" he then explained to the officers before sighing sharply at the last part. Atticus could tell that Mr. Shivers was lying. \"Uh-huh...\" Officer Stevens nodded. \"She flew back to London yesterday morning.\" Mr. Shivers continued. \"All right, well, that checks out...\" Officer Stevens replied. \"Apologies, sir, thank you for your time, we're sorry for the disturbance.\" Atticus was about to say something until they all then heard a scream in the house. \"Then who was that screaming?\" Akito smirked at Mr. Shivers. \"Come with me.\" Mr. Shivers then led them into the house. \"Uh, you want us to come with you...?\" Akito asked in slight surprise. Mr. Shivers then showed them his TV to show a horror movie of a girl being chased. The girl soon screamed before being paused. \"Surround sound,\" Mr. Shivers told the others as he paused his movie. \"I didn't know being an audiophile was a crime.\" \"Being a what-a-phile?\" Training Officer Brooks asked before reaching out for her gun. \"That means he is a lover of audio.\" Akito explained. \"Ohh...\" Brooks soon relaxed. \"Hi, I'm so sorry we haven't properly met,\" Gale walked over beside her son to meet the neighbor man. \"I'm Gale Cooper, your new neighbor. It's a beautiful home you have.\" \"Pleasure's mine,\" Mr. Shivers smirked to her. \"Thank you so much for stopping by and bringing your delightful son and these others and the police...\" Atticus began to use his X-Ray vision secretly as he looked up at the top floor from where he was. The officers apologized to Mr. Shivers as they bought his lie. Atticus soon saw Hannah upstairs thanks to his X-Ray vision. \"You okay, Dad?\" Akito asked his father. \"I see your friend.\" Atticus replied. \"Is she okay?\" Akito hoped. \"Don't see any bruises.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, thank Celestia.\" Akito whispered in relief. Zach noticed how Mr. Shivers looked a bit sweaty and how he kept looking to the stairs. No one else seemed to really notice this as Atticus was preoccupied with his X-Ray vision. \"Hannah! Hannah!\" Zach called out before running upstairs. \"Hannah!\" \"Zach, wait up!\" Akito went after him. The police officers seemed to notice this. \"Hannah!\" Zach called out. \"Zach, Zach, she's okay, Dad just told me!\" Akito came after his new friend followed by the cops. \"You sure?\" Zach asked. \"Dad would never lie to me or let me down.\" Akito reassured. \"Okay, sorry, it's just that I was worried about her for a second.\" Zach said before the police escorted him out of the house. Soon enough, the teenagers went back home. \"So close to exposing Shivers...\" Estelle sighed as she sat with her brothers and cousin with their Pokemon. \"I know.\" Akito sighed. \"What do we do now?\" Vincent groaned while he pet Ninetails's fur. Ninetails soon sensed something was up at the Shiver's house. \"I know, boy, I know...\" Vincent sighed. \"Wait, I think Ninetails sees something.\" Felicity told her cousin. Ninetails's tails soon began to float as a glow glowed around his body and where it was his aura. \"Yow!\" Vincent yelped at first. \"Looks like we still have work to do.\" Akito commented. \"Something is in there.\" Ninetails said. \"What could it be?\" Estelle wondered. \"I don't know, but we're gonna find out.\" Akito replied. \"What about the dance?\" Felicity piped up. \"It'll have to wait.\" Akito said. \"Should we ask Star and Marco for help?\" Estelle suggested since Star had her own magic after all. \"Yes.\" Vincent nodded. Estelle took out her phone and decided to contact Star as this seemed like an emergency.[Chapter 7] On the night of the school dance, Gale went out to chaperon and left her sister to look after Zach for the night and where she lied when it was going to be all about Zach. Soon enough, Star and Marco came over. \"I brought Marco along, I hope that's okay.\" Star smiled to Felicity and the Fudo siblings. \"That's okay.\" Akito said. Estelle had a sneaking suspicion about them, but kept it to herself. \"So, where we going?\" Star asked. \"Over there.\" Felicity pointed to the Shivers house. \"Are you crazy?! That man is not people person and might have weapons!\" Marco told them. \"We can take him on.\" Akito said bravely. \"That's right.\" Vincent nodded. Marco gulped as he still felt uneasy about this. \"Oh, come on,\" Akito said to him. \"This from a green belt in karate?\" Marco soon calmed himself down. \"Aw, it's okay, Marco~\" Star giggled to him. \"I can handle anything in Mewni and our friends can do anything to help us~\" \"I guess so...\" Marco sighed softly. \"Let's get going.\" Ninetails said. They then moved out to do some work at the Shivers house and Zach seemed to have the same idea. And where he had called Champ and had to make up a lie. \"Zach?\" The others asked in slight surprise. \"I thought we might need his help.\" Zach said. The others just shrugged and they went on. Champ was a little nervous to be involved with this, but he figured that he might as well. They all then began to climb over the fence. The landing was rough for Champ. \"Dude, my dry-cleaning bill's gonna be ridiculous!\" Champ complained. Akito shushed him as he didn't care as this was more important than a bill. \"Just come on!\" Zach told Champ. \"What about Mr. Shivers?\" Estelle whispered. \"Never mind him, this is our time.\" Zach replied before broke into the lock. \"Whoa, is that a trick you learned in New York?\" Champ asked in surprise. \"No, YouTube.\" Zach told him. \"Oh, right.\" Akito said. Zach then opened the door and they could see a long stairway down below. \"Someone has to stay for look-out.\" Akito suggested. \"I'll do it.\" Vincent volunteered. \"Champ, you better help him.\" Felicity said. \"Right, if Shivers comes back, just give us a sign,\" Zach added. \"Like...\" he then did an owl hooting noise as a possible signal. \"You got it.\" Vincent nodded. \"Okay, just so we're clear, if I sense any danger, I will run the other way.\" Champ commented. Zach just shook his head at him and then went ahead down the stairs with the others who wanted to come with him. Ninetails went in as well as he could still sense something. \"Be careful.\" Vincent told his Pokemon. \"I will.\" Ninetails nodded to him. He led the way for Zach and the others. It was very quiet and dark so far. They all yelped slightly as a raven came out of a cuckoo clock as they weren't expecting that. \"Where are we?\" Zach wondered. \"That's from one of R.L. Stine's books.\" Akito said. Soon enough, someone came behind them and grabbed Zach's shoulder which startled him, but it was just Champ. \"What the hell, man?!\" Zach whispered loudly. \"You're supposed to be the look-out with Vincent!\" \"Yeah, as in out there with him, not in here; now, get back outside.\" Akito added. \"That's not gonna change, I'll just be the look-out in here.\" Champ shivered out of fear. \"Get back up there!\" Akito glared slightly. \"Let me explain, you know how they say teenagers have no fear of death, that they're never gonna get hurt?\" Champ asked them. \"Not me, okay?! I was born with the gift of fear-\" \"I don't believe this.\" Estelle groaned. \"You're not gonna die.\" Zach told Champ. \"Not today anyway.\" Felicity narrowed her eyes. \"Yeah.\" Akito nodded. \"Okay... I'm being ridiculous...\" Champ stammered. He soon saw bear traps in front of them. \"Bear Traps.\" Estelle frowned, she did have an Ursaring after all who was closely related to an actual bear species, not to mention that time they met Koda. \"Who keeps bear traps in a basement?\" Akito asked. \"A total creep, that's who.\" Star giggled innocently. \"Or a crazy person.\" Felicity added. \"Psychotic killer.\" AKito added. \"All right, enough!\" Estelle told them. They all soon began to keep going while avoiding the bear traps. \"Let's go outside where it's safe,\" Champ told them. \"Where there's no bear traps.\" \"How about you go outside?\" Akito scoffed. \"I agree.\" Felicity said. She took the lead with her night vision as she led the others away from the numerous bear traps. Champ yelped and screamed as he got caught in a cobweb. \"Calm down.\" Akito told him. \"I think I swallowed some web.\" Champ gulped nervously. \"Oh, brother.\" Estelle rolled her eyes. Zach and Akito went through the door first and kept sharp eyes out. They seemed to end up in the dining room of the house. \"Guys, this way, come on.\" Akito told the others while Champ patted himself from the web that 'tortured' him. \"Lead the way.\" Estelle said. \"I did since the beginning.\" Akito smiled to his twin sister. \"Yeah, how you became ten minutes older...\" Estelle playfully rolled her eyes. They soon walked through the house. \"I feel like there's something up there.\" Akito looked up. \"To the stairs.\" Zach decided. Ninetails nodded as he led the way. \"That fox is impressive.\" Zach said about Ninetails. \"His name is Ninetails and he's a Pokemon.\" Akito reminded. \"Really?\" Zach asked. \"You'd be surprised.\" Felicity said before she briefly showed her Pokeball. They then came upstairs all together after Ninetails. \"It's coming from that room.\" Akito pointed out. Ninetails nodded in agreement. They then opened the door. \"Hannah?\" Zach whispered loudly. No one seemed to answer. Ninetails went into the room, following his senses. \"I hope Vincent is okay out there.\" Estelle sighed. Meanwhile... \"Fluttershy is the cutest~\" Jenny giggled as she held Oliver in her lap while video chatting with Vincent as he was a bit bored doing look-out on his own. \"No, it's obviously Rainbow Dash.\" Vincent replied. \"No, it's Fluttershy.\" Jenny smiled. \"All right, you're right...\" Vincent gave in. Jenny giggled as she pet Oliver in her lap while he was taking a small nap. \"How soon until I can come to Equestria?\" \"Depends on if you're not busy, just message me.\" Vincent nodded to her. \"Okay.\" Jenny smiled. Back with the others... \"Books...\" Akito and Estelle noticed a shelf with dozens and dozens of books. Ninetails came straight to the bookcase and sat by it as the others came after him to find out that the sense was coming from in there somehow and where one of them saw a dial and turned it only for the lights above the books to turn on. \"Whoa, check this out,\" Champ pointed out. \"The Scarecrow Walks at Midnight, The Ghost Next Door, Night of the Living Dummy? These are all Goosebumps manuscripts!\" he then pulled one out to investigate it even further. \"What's he doing with a bunch of kids' books?\" Zach wondered. \"These are not kid's books, these give you nightmares.\" Akito told him. \"Goosebumps... I've heard of these books from my mother...\" Felicity muttered. \"R.L. Stein, whatever happened to that guy?\" Champ wondered. \"I think he, like, stopped writing books.\" Akito said. \"We're not here for Book Club.\" Zach reminded the others. \"Yeah, but why are these books locked?\" Star wondered. \"I mean, who would lock up a book?\" \"Maybe there's like a key or something we could unlock it with?\" Marco suggested as he held The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena. Ninetails soon got on the desk in front of the book shelf and pointed to a key in a glass. \"Ooh, Ninetails, I could kiss you~\" Estelle was so pleased. Ninetails smiled up to her in response and where soon, Estelle ave the key to Marco. Someone soon came behind them all in the dark and tried to hit them with a baseball bat. Akito soon grabbed a hold of the baseball bat. The light soon came on as he glared, but his face softened once he saw who it was. \"Hannah.\" \"Hannah, you're alright.\" Estelle sighed out of relief. Hannah looked to them. \"We thought you were in trouble.\" Felicity said. \"Why would you think that?\" Hannah asked. \"Because we heard you arguing with your dad before you screamed.\" Akito said. \"Okay, all of you need to go right now.\" Hannah urged them. Marco soon turned the key on the lock of the book. \"Okay, but can we at least read this book?\" He asked as he opened it. The others looked to see the book that he had and had unlocked. \"Which book is it?\" Hannah asked Marco. \"The Abominable Snowman of-\" Marco was about to tell her until there a forceful blow of power from the book. \"Whoa!\" \"NO!\" Hannah yelped as she tried to get the book, but it opened up on its own and where the ink from the pages came off as something big came out of the book. The lights seemed to flicker and they were all slightly pushed back by the force of the book. The words from the book soon became a swirling vortex and the snowman from the book came to life. And everyone stayed silent so it wouldn't know they were there, but Akito sensed that this was one that his father and him sensed being lonely. Akito tilted his head to the creature. The creature seemed to notice him and did the same thing. Akito and the creature then came up to each other curiously. The two of them were soon about to shake hands. Akito held out his hand with a small smile. But then, there was the sound of a lamp crashing. Hannah then urged the others to get out as soon as possible. Champ, being the coward he was, just stood there, screaming. Estelle frowned to Hannah on the way out. But they didn't leave just yet as the abominable snowman was charging at Champ who was in front of a window after it hit the ceiling lamp out of its way and which caused the book shelves to fall down. \"Go home!\" Hannah told the others. \"You're in way over your head.\" \"Trust us, half of us have dealt with worse.\" Marco said. \"You wanna tell us what's going on?\" Zach asked Hannah. \"No, I can't explain, I have to go,\" Hannah replied before running off. She saw Akito already going after the abominable snowman. \"Oh, no...\" she then feared the worst for Akito, but luckily, he was no ordinary boy. The others soon followed her, though Champ tried to stop Zach. \"Champ, let go, we need to go see Hannah!\" Star told the boy. \"Listen very carefully, guys,\" Champ warned the others. \"That's the Abominable Snowman. You don't get that nickname by accident, and it crawled out of a book. That doesn't just happen, guys!\" \"The monster is just lonely and scared!\" Estelle told him. \"But it's after Hannah and got your brother!\" Champ replied. \"Akito is stronger than he looks, whatever it is, he can take it and I trust him to handle this.\" Estelle replied. They soon continued to run off after Hannah. They seemed to end up in the local ice rink. \"The ice rink, of course.\" Marco face-palmed. \"She went in there.\" Zach replied. \"Yeah, shes' not the only one.\" Felicity scoffed. They soon went into the building. \"Guys, we should call the cops.\" Champ suggested. \"No thank you.\" Marco said. \"That's my boy!\" Star beamed. The ice rink had nearly been turned all upside down and there were claw marks against the wall and where they soon saw them. Vincent soon got on his bike and came to meet the others since he had been abandoned. A can of soda that was squirting slightly rolled by them. \"Oh, it's only soda.\" Vincent said. \"Vincent!\" Estelle looked to her eldest brother. \"I didn't want to be left behind.\" Vincent said. \"Yeah, sorry about that...\" Estelle smiled nervously and apologetically. Ninetails kept going forward. Vincent caught up with his Pokemon and then walked beside him. They all soon saw Hannah in the middle of the ice rink and they saw Akito there as well. \"What're they gonna do?\" Champ wondered. \"Read it a story?\" \"We better find out.\" Estelle said. They soon moved out onto the ice to take a closer look. \"You really shouldn't be here.\" Hannah told Akito. \"Well, I'm here to make sure that he doesn't go back in the book and be alone again.\" Akito told her. \"Well... All right...\" Hannah told him. \"You are one crazy kid.\" \"It's in my blood.\" Akito saluted with a cheesy grin. Estelle and the others soon came to their side. \"Hannah, how is that happening?\" Zach asked the girl. \"How did that thing just pop out of a book?\" \"Shh... He's here, we have to be sure to not startle him.\" Akito whispered to them. \"Hey, we should get a gun.\" Champ suggested. \"Are you kidding? We need a tank!\" Zack replied. \"He's not dangerous, he was just scared because someone just had to scream.\" Akito glared at Champ which caused the rest of the group to do the same thing. \"We're not hurting him.\" Vincent added as he stroked Ninetails's fur. They soon heard something small fall on the ice. They all came to check it out. Zack picked up the red piece. \"It's candy.\" Soon more candy came down from above them, telling them one thing. Everyone looked up and a vending machine was on its way down. \"Look out!\" Felicity told the others. Star seemed stuck until Marco dove in to save her. And where he saved her in time. Marco carried Star in his arms and their eyes seemed to be locked into each other's. And where they seem to feel a strange feeling that they had never felt before about the other. The abominable snowman soon dropped down from the scoreboard which pulled them both out of their reverie. Akito soon made his way to the abominable snowman. \"These are my favorites,\" he then took out a Butterfinger bar. \"So crispy, chocolaty, and peanut buttery.\" The abominable snowman soon seemed interested in that candy bar as he made his way to Akito. Akito smiled as he unwrapped the candy for him and held it out to him. \"You must be hungry.\" The abominable snowman nodded as he accepted the candy bar. Estelle made sure the book wouldn't be opened as she used her crystal powers to keep the book all chained up so then the abominable snowman wouldn't have to be sent back in. \"You remind me of one of those Monster High girls...\" Akito said before thinking. \"Um... Uh... Estelle, which Monster High girl's the daughter of the abominable snowman?\" he then asked. \"Abbey Bominable.\" Estelle replied. \"Right, her.\" Akito said. \"I never took you one to be a Monster High fan.\" Lee smiled to Estelle, remembering when they first met. \"Aunt Cherry sent the dolls to me as a birthday present when me and Akito turned seven,\" Estelle replied. \"Mom and Dad didn't think I'd like them, but I really did.\" Akito soon brought the abominable snowman, looking like the monster was now their friend. \"It's okay, no one's gonna hurt you.\" he soothed the monster. \"Aw, he's kinda cute~\" Star cooed. \"Yeah, when he's not getting startled and charging away.\" Marco said. \"It's okay, buddy, it's okay...\" Akito smiled up to the abominable snowman. \"No need to be scared.\" The abominable snowman smiled down at his friend. Akito smiled back. \"It's like Harry and the Hendersons.\" Felicity commented with a small smile. \"How do I explain to Dad of how the abominable snowman got out?\" Hannah sighed. \"I'll handle your dad.\" Akito replied bravely. Ninetails soon smelled a new scent and looked to see Hannah's father. He soon came with his own book to suck the snowman monster back into the book. \"NO!\" Akito cried out. \"We won't let you suck him back into the book to be lonely again!\" Estelle glared at Mr. Shivers. Mr. Shivers scoffed in response like he knew what was best for the monster, but he soon saw all of the teenagers protecting the monster from them. \"Sir, as much as I respect adults, I have to say I can't share any for you, you're the monster, not Snowball.\" Akito glared. \"Snowball?\" Mr. Shivers asked, confused. \"That's what I'm naming the snowman, he's my new friend, now let him go.\" Akito demanded. \"Fine,\" Mr. Shivers groaned. \"Now, everyone in the car, now!\" \"The car?\" Marco asked. \"Why?\" \" COME ON! \" Mr. Shivers demanded which made his voice give a haunting echo into the ice rink. \"Okay, okay.\" The teenagers said. \"What're you gonna do to us?\" Champ whimpered like the coward he was. \"Silence.\" Mr. Shivers hissed as he took the wheel. \"We're sorry, but Snowball was so lonely in his book; we had to let him out.\" Akito said. \" SHUT UP! \" Mr. Shivers snapped. \"Don't tell my brother to shut up!\" Vincent glared. \"We were just trying to help.\" Star said. \"I told you to stay away from us or something bad would happen, but that's the problem with kids today!\" Mr. Shivers replied. \"They don't listen!\" he then sighed in misfortune. \"You had to pick up Abominable Snowman of Pasadena... You couldn't have picked Little Shop of Hamsters.\" Zack soon had an idea about Mr. Shivers. \"You're him , aren't you?\" he then asked. \"Hm?\" Mr. Shivers replied. \"You're R.L. Stein.\" Zach replied. \"R.L. Who? I've never heard of him.\" Mr. Shivers said, acting like he never heard of that person. \"Oh, really?\" Zach replied before he pretended to sulk. \"Well, just as well... Because his books suck.\" \"Ooh, you better not let my mother hear you say that.\" Felicity cringed, knowing that her mother was a Goosebumps fanatic in her youth. \"What are you doing?\" Hannah asked Zach. Akito knew exactly what Zach was doing. \"I can't decide which I hate more,\" Zach continued. \"Monster Blood or Go Eat Worms. I'm so confused.\" \"Oh, the endings are so predictable...\" Akito soon added as he played along with Zach. \"R.L. Stein is such a Stephen King wannabe.\" \"And he stops the car in 3, 2, 1.\" Snowball cued in Monster language. Mr. Shivers soon stopped the car as he looked like he was going to have a mental breakdown. The others yelped slightly as they sprung forward in the car, but luckily, no one was hurt. \"Let me tell you something about Steve King!\" Mr. Shivers glared at Zach and Akito, confirming himself to be the Goosebumps author. \"Steve King wishes he could write like me, and I've sold way more books than him, but nobody ever talks about that!\" \"Okay, okay, sorry.\" Akito said. \" WAY MORE BOOKS! \" The author yelled as his face turned red from anger. \"I've inspired one of the greatest and darkest authors of all time!\" he then added, referring to Cherry as she was a novelist in her spare time due to growing up with Goosebumps and Bailey School Kids. \"We know, she's told us of how your stories inspired her.\" Estelle said \"Dad, your face is doing the red thing again...\" Hannah soothed. \"Again?\" Vincent asked. \"No way!\" Champ said to the author. \"Wait, you're R.L. Stine? That's you ?!\" \"Oh, brother, he's one of those fans.\" Ninetails groaned. \"Yep.\" Vincent agreed as Champ went hysterical over meeting the famous author of his childhood. \"I just wanted a photo real quick for my Instagram.\" Champ pouted after he was scolded. 'He's going to want to get rid of the phone now.' Akito thought to himself. Soon enough, the author did as Akito predicted and tossed it out the window and soon drove forward, running the phone over, much to Champ's misery.[Chapter 8] They soon got back to the house. \"I hope Zach's mom doesn't notice us missing.\" Felicity commented quietly. \"I'm sure she won't noticed.\" Akito said. Hannah did her best to calm her father down on the way back home which was usually a bit of a challenge. They soon arrived at the house. \"What do we do now?\" Zach asked. \"You know what you're gonna do?\" The author scoffed. \"You're gonna go home, put on your PJs, get your blanky, and you go nap-nap. In the morning, this will feel like a bad dream.\" he then started to run off into his home. Ninetails soon started to growl as he sensed something evil in the house. \"Dad, wait!\" Hannah cried out. \"There's no time!\" The author replied. \"Start packing, we're moving again!\" \" Again ?\" The Fudo siblings asked out of confusion. \"So, what do you guys wanna do now?\" Champ asked once they were left alone. Unfortunately for him, they all went to R.L. Stein's house. \"Dudes!\" Champ called out to them before going after them. \"But I don't wanna leave,\" Hannah's voice argued. \"I like it here!\" 'Sounds like they're arguing.' Felicity thought to herself. Estelle flinched as she hated to hear arguing between a parent and a child. And where she was right about them arguing. Soon enough, Hannah stormed off as her father collected their passports. He then sensed someone behind him and threw something sharp and heavy at them only for it to bounce off of Akito like it was a rubber ball. \" I COULD'VE KILLED YOU! \" he then snapped. \"That was a terrible throw.\" Akito smirked. Ninetails continued growling while looking upstairs. \"Ninetails!\" Vincent called out to his primary Pokemon. Ninetails soon came to his father/trainer. Vincent smiled while hugging and petting his Pokemon. \"There you are.\" \"There is evil here.\" Ninetails told him. \"Your'e telling me...\" Vincent agreed before glaring at the author. Ninetails soon shook his head before pointing his head upstairs. \"Ninetails, come back!\" Vincent went after his Pokemon. R.L. Stein soon explained his origins and stories. Everyone listened closely as this was beginning to explain everything. They soon followed him upstairs as he was now telling his daughter things to do. Hannah shrugged to the others before following his father after he told his origin story about how the monsters he created became real from childhood. And where they soon stopped once they saw a book opened up and the title of it shocked R.L. Stein. \"Oh, no... Not him...\" \"Monsieur?\" Felicity asked. 'Hello, Papa...' a creepy voice said before a wooden dummy was smiling evilly while revealing himself on the chair. Ninetails growled as he looked at who R.L. Stein was looking at. \"How long's it been?\" Slappy smirked to the author. \"Feels like forever... Who are your new friends?\" \"Ugh, why do those things have to be so creepy?\" Marco shuddered. Estelle knew exactly what to do as she made her way to Slappy's book without him knowing. \"Slappy, it's so nice to see you again...\" R.L. uttered out. \"Did ya miss me?\" Slappy smirked. \"Of course I missed you...\" R.L. replied softly. Snowball seemed like he was scared of Slappy. Lightning seemed to flash outside and the lights briefly went out. When they came back on, Estelle was over the chair with the book, only to fall through it as Slappy seemed to reappear somewhere else in the room. \"What the?\" Estelle asked out of confusion. \"So, what's the plan, friend?\" Slappy smirked. \"You must've brought me out for something fun. Terrorize the locals, destroy the town, LET'S GET SILLY!\" Estelle soon began to quietly make her way to R.L. Stine with the book in her hand. \"You guessed it, Slappy,\" R.L. sounded anxious. \"I'm going to destroy Madison, and I... I couldn't do it without you.\" Ninetails looked ready to attack the evil dummy. \"Shucks...\" Slappy grinned to the author. \"You're giving me... Oh, what's the word? Goosebumps!\" he then laughed out loud wickedly. \"Sheesh, he's so creepy.\" Vincent shuddered. \"I know, those things always freak me out.\" Marco agreed. Estelle was now almost inches away from giving the book to R.L. Stine. \"Oh, he's such a crack-up,\" R.L smirked to Slappy. \"Such a clever dummy.\" \"Who you calling dummy? Dummy!\" Slappy glared before he noticed the book in Estelle's hands. \"Uh, nice evil being?\" Estelle smiled nervously. \" YOU'RE TRYING TO PUT ME BACK IN?! \" Slappy asked her. \"No, no, no, don't be silly!\" Estelle laughed nervously. \"That's right... She wasn't...\" R.L. added just as nervously. \"I know when you're lying to me, Papa!\" Slappy replied wickedly. Estelle soon began to try to open the book. The lights soon went out again. The lights then came back on and Slappy soon had the book with a lit match. \"Oh, my...\" Estelle gulped. Akito soon used his super-breath to blow out the lit match like a candle. \"You've all made Slappy very angry.\" Slappy glared at not just his creator, but also the teenagers. He soon looked straight at Akito. Akito glared at the dummy. Slappy glared right back as his eyes seemed to be fiery red from angered rage towards R.L. and the others. Slappy soon knew exactly how to turn Akito evil. \"I think it's time I started pulling strings in this relationship...\" he then sharply told R.L. \"Tonight's gonna be the best story you've ever written. All of your children coming out to play.\" he then giggled eerily before the lights went out again and where when they came back on the books, Slappy and Akito were gone. \"Oh, thank God he's gone.\" Champ looked relieved that Slappy wasn't there anymore. \"Not just him.\" Vincent said. \"Oh, God, they're gone...\" R.L. looked fearful before looking to his now empty case. \"And they've taken all the books.\" Slappy was now using a spell book that he had found to turn Akito into a monster as his way of motivating him to join him. \"Let me go!\" Akito demanded as he struggled at first. \"Don't struggle!\" Slappy told him. \"Why did you take me with you?!\" Akito asked him. \"Now, now, this will all be over soon...\" Slappy smirked. \"I just have to recite this one spell and your troubles will be over.\" \"My troubles?\" Akito asked. Slappy smirked as he began to recite the monster making spell to infect Akito. And where soon Akito's body began to change. Akito yelled out before his voice lowered and sounded more beastly like when Prince Adam was transformed by the Enchantress. And what he was turned into was a strong looking draconequus. His eyes soon hurt at first until they widened and were no longer true blue but a hellish red. \"Ready to help?\" Slappy asked. Akito glared with his beady eyes. \"Yes, Master Slappy.\" He soon brought out his Pokeballs. \"Ah, excellent, we're going to make everybody pay.\" Slappy grinned darkly. \"Whatever you say or wish.\" Akito grinned back. Slappy soon opened one of the books. Akito smirked as he bounced his Pokeballs up and down simply. The first that came out of one of the books was a limousine. \"That one's a real page-turner.\" Slappy smirked. The car soon came alive and became living like a monster like Akito. Akito laughed as he jumped into the car-seat with Slappy as they drove off to cause and spread chaos and where they also unleashed other monsters from one story and where Akito used his heat vision to burn the two books. \"Congratulations, you've just released a demon!\" R.L. scolded the teenagers. \"A ventriloquist dummy with a very serious Napoleonic complex with that meddling detective wannabe brat!\" \"That's my twin brother you're talking about!\" Estelle glared at him. Snowball soon sniffed and smelled something that smelled like a lawn gnome. \"You smell something?\" Ninetails asked him. Snowball nodded as they seemed to understand each other. \"But how did Slappy's book even get unlocked and opened?\" Vincent asked. \"It's locked from the outside.\" R.L. sighed. Ninetails and Snowball urged the others about where they sensed the smell. \"Snowball and Ninetails found something!\" Star pointed out. Snowball soon shushed her as he knew what this scent meant. Star cupped her mouth nervously then. \"Out the kitchen door, go, now!\" R.L whispered loudly to the teenagers. Everyone soon ran straight to the kitchen only to stop once they saw a lawn gnome outside of the doggy door. \"Is it Gnomeo and Juliet?\" Vincent smiled nervously. \"Evil Gnome from the Night of the Living Gnomes.\" Snowball said. \"Why is that here?\" Champ whispered. \"I don't know.\" Zach whispered back. They soon saw another one in the kitchen this time. Others came like an army out of the dishwasher. More and more gnomes popped out of their hiding places and began to surround them. \"Maybe they're friendly?\" Ninetails smiled nervously. Zach then flinched as a knife was thrown right by his face missing by a few inches. \"Not friendly!\" Ninetails whimpered. \"Definitely not friendly!\" One of the lawn gnomes soon looked evil. They all then soon began to attack. Ninetails looked ready to breathe fire. The garden/lawn gnomes soon tackled over to attack everybody. \"Ninetails, use Willow Wisp and Flame Thrower!\" Vincent commanded. \"You got it!\" Ninetails nodded before he used his battle moves against the living gnomes and where they all melted and smashed. \"Thatta boy, Ninetails!\" Vincent smiled down to his Pokemon. Ninetails smiled back at his father/trainer. \"Definitely not friendly.\" R.L. muttered about the gnomes, showing he hated them as much as the others did. \"We have to leave through the basement.\" Estelle said. Many other gnomes came back to attack and Estelle already headed down to the basement with the others following her. \"But the door is locked!\" R.L. told them. Estelle came to the door only to see that that was true. \"Now what?\" Star asked. Snowball soon knocked it down. \"Oh, that.\" Star giggled. \"And don't worry about the door leading outside, Zach was able to get it unlocked.\" Vincent said. There were even more gnomes in the basement coming. \"Teddy!\" Estelle called out before throwing out her Pokeball to let out her Ursaring. \"Fury Swipes!\" Teddy growled and soon attacked the lawn gnomes in the basement. \"Watch out for the bear traps!\" R.L. told them. Teddy whimpered at the mention of bear traps. \"It's okay, Teddy, Mama's here~\" Estelle cooed to her Pokemon. She soon returned Teddy into his Pokeball as she knew the bear traps would be useful. \"You stay in here for now...\" she then cooed like the surrogate mother she was since Teddy was an egg. \"Why couldn't you have written stories about rainbows and unicorns?\" Zach complained to the author. \"Because those don't sell millions of copies.\" Marco told him. \"He's right.\" R.L. agreed. \"Whoa, domestic...\" Champ commented. \"No, worldwide, it's still pretty impressive, shut up...\" R.L. replied before looking around and adjusting his glasses. They soon saw amber floating, telling them that something had been burnt. \"What is that?\" Hannah wondered. They soon went to where the amber was coming from to see a pile of ash. \"He's burning the books.\" Hannah realized. \"Why's he doing that?\" Zach asked. \"So there's no way to get the monsters back inside,\" R.L. replied. \"It's Slappy's revenge... Slappy's Revenge... I believe someone mailed me that as an idea for a story many years ago.\" \"That girl was me.\" Cherry soon appeared right behind him. \"Whoa! When did you get here?\" R.L. asked her. \"I've always been here...\" Cherry replied before sipping a glass of blackened wine in her glass. \"That's Cerise Forte, they say she's the unofficial heir to R.L. Stine's stories!\" Champ whispered hysterically to Zach, using Cherry's pen name as she was a published author, but only her family knew her true name. \"So then, would you like to come with us to stop Slappy?\" asked Cherry. \"I could work that into my schedule...\" Cherry replied before sipping her drink and dropping the glass and walking toward them. \"She's so much hotter in person.\" Champ smirked about Cherry's appearance. \"Gross, that's my mother!\" Felicity glared at him. \"Whoops, sorry.\" Champ replied sheepishly. They all soon drove off and where Akito was helping Slappy free all of the other monsters. \"Sorry, folks, I'd slow down, but I can't reach the brake.\" Slappy chuckled darkly. \"Check out this new best-seller!\" Akito laughed as he then tossed out a new book out the window. \"Nice one!\" Slappy laughed. \"It's sure to grow on 'em.\" Akito laughed with Slappy. There were soon killer plants coming to life like in Little Shop of Horrors and they were soon taking down the power-lines. \"Dropped calls are gonna be the least of this town's problems.\" Slappy laughed. \"We're driving ourselves crazy.\" Akito smirked. The two of them laughed wickedly as they unleashed more and more monsters. At the Clark house... Tony was watching the ending of an episode of Total Drama Island with Megan. 'This is the final marshmallow of the evening...' The host told the teen contestants. 'The one who will be receiving the final marshmallow is...' The two leaned in due to the suspense, but the TV turned off before they could find out the next camper off the island who would not be there next week. \" NO! \" Tony and Megan cried out.[Chapter 9] At the school, everyone was running out in a panic of the dance due to the chaos caused by Slappy and Akito. Meanwhile, with the police, the chaos was all over the news and they were talking about it. Unfortunately, they were talking about a monster movie. Soon enough, the lights and power went out which did catch their attention. \"Must have been a power outage.\" Officer Stevens said. He shrugged it off like it was no big deal while Officer Brooks looked concerned. They soon went to check if the emergency lights worked. Stevens and Brooks looked around and once the lights came back on, they weren't alone. Akito sat on the desk with his legs crossed while Slappy sat behind it with malicious grins and where this scared the two officers once they saw Akito before they saw Slappy. \"Kid, what're you doing here with your ventriloquist dummy in that tacky Halloween costume?\" Officer Stevens asked. \"Who you calling dummy? Dummy!\" Slappy glared at him. Akito soon started to growl, showing his teeth at the officers. \"It's talking and he mutated!\" Officer Brooks panicked as she took out her gun with Stevens against the two. \"What are those things?!\" \"Stand down, we just came here to read you both a story.\" Slappy said. \"Sir, shut your mouth!\" Officer Stevens demanded. \"Okay, that's not gonna stop me!\" Slappy replied with his mouth shut eerily enough. \"Both of you put your hands where I can see them!\" Officer Stevens glared, trying to be brave and not scared at the sight. \"Officers, you two are relieved of your duties.\" Akito smirked as he signaled in three aliens. \"Now freeze!\" Slappy smirked as the aliens took out their guns which were freeze rays and the two officers were soon frozen solid from both the freeze guns and Akito's super freeze breath and ice vision. The others soon drove downtown after Lorraine was encountered with a bloodthirsty poodle and it looked like a nightmare sight. \"Whoa.\" Estelle gulped. The Clark siblings seemed to be coming over as well as they checked out the sights. \"Lee!\" Estelle cried out and ran to her boyfriend. \"Oh, Estelle,\" Lee held her. \"This is just terrible.\" \"I know! First Heather kissed Trent and it made Gwen run away and we didn't get to see who got voted off Camp Wawanakwa!\" Megan pouted. \"So unfair!\" Tony added. Lee sighed to his siblings as they were talking about a reality show they were watching. \"What happened out here?\" Marc asked. \"Oh, my God, oh, my God!\" Champ rushed to a man. \"Dad, Dad, what happened to-Wait...\" he then took another look and then looked relieved. \"Guys, false alarm, it's not my dad.\" \"What do we do?\" Marco asked. \"What can we do?\" Hannah replied. \"She's right,\" R.L agreed. \"Without those manuscripts, there's nothing I can do.\" This gave Star an idea of what to do. \"Hey, I know what to do~...\" Star smirked. \"What's that, Star?\" Estelle asked the blonde girl. \"Mr. R.L., that's all you have to do; just write them back into their books, well, all except for Snowball of course.\" Star smiled. \"Do you have any idea how many stories I have to write to capture every monster I ever created?\" R.L replied. \"I already have carpal tunnel in both hands!\" \"Dad, just listen to her,\" Hannah defended. \"It's a great idea!\" \"It really is a good idea.\" Marco said. \"Why not capture all of them with one story?\" Zach also suggested in addition to Star's idea. \"Yeah, just one story.\" Star smiled. \"Could it work?\" Felicity wondered. \"Yeah, could it?\" Marco added. \"Please! Really good idea! One book to capture every monster I ever created!\" R.L. scoffed sarcastically. \"They're a couple of keepers.\" Cherry folded her arms with a death stare. \"You got a better idea?\" \"Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, a much better idea.\" R.L nodded. \"And it is?\" Cherry smirked. Everyone else waited to hear the answer. \"You got nothing?\" Cherry asked. R.L soon sighed in defeat. \"No, not now, I don't, but-\" \"Just admit it, Star's idea actually is a great idea.\" Cherry said. \"We gotta get him to a computer so he can start writing,\" Star suggested. \"I think I saw a computer store on the way over here.\" \"Yes, in fact, there is.\" Marc nodded. \"Great, then let's go to one those computers.\" Marco said. \"It's not that simple.\" Cherry replied. \"Shes' right,\" R.L agreed with the fellow author. \"I need my typewriter.\" \"What?!\" Zach asked. \"Why?\" Star questioned. \"What's so special about it?\" \"Every story I've ever written was on the Smith Corona,\" R.L. explained. \"It's not just me, that typewriter is special.\" \"So, then where is it?\" Marco asked. \"Oh, don't worry,\" R.L replied ominously. \"It's somewhere safe.\" \"It's at their high school isn't it?\" Cherry asked, unimpressed as she had a feeling that it would be there. \"I'm afraid so.\" R.L replied to her. \"Of course...\" Cherry rolled her eyes at this. \"Well, we better get back into the vehicles so we can drive to the school.\" Snowball said in monster language. \"Snowball is right.\" Vincent agreed. \"Oh, I just hope Akito is doing okay...\" Estelle sighed. \"I miss him a lot.\" \"Where is he by the way?\" Tony asked. \"Slappy got him...\" Estelle pouted. \"Who?\" Tony asked. \"I thought Slappy was a squirrel?\" Lee commented. \"Not that Slappy,\" Cherry replied. \"Slappy is from Night of the Living Dummy.\" \"Oh...\" Tony gulped. The others nodded as Akito was now Slappy's victim. \"Come on, we better get to the school.\" Cherry told the others. \"Yeah.\" Felicity nodded. They were then on their way to the high school to get R.L.'s typewriter. \"I can't get a signal,\" Vincent said. He took out his phone as he walked all around and tried to get signal on it as he looked rather unfortunate. \"Still!\" he then groaned. Someone appeared to be sneaking up behind him. Vincent pouted as he kept trying and trying only to have no such luck. \"Oh, for the love of peat!\" he groaned. \"BRAINS!\" Someone suddenly said right behind him. \"Don't eat my brain!\" Vincent yelped. \"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you.\" The voice said before laughing. \"Who's there?\" Vincent asked. \"Hey there.\" The young man smiled. \"Hi...\" Vincent muttered as he kept trying to get signal on his phone. \"Come on... Come on!\" \"Something wrong?\" The young man asked. \"Can't get a damn signal...\" Vincent grumbled. \"Yeah, I can't either.\" The young man said. \"That's weird...\" Vincent commented. \"There must be something wrong with the powerlines.\" \"Possibly.\" The young man said. Meanwhile on the road, everyone else was having trouble with their phones as well. \"So weird,\" Estelle said. \"I can't get a signal.\" \"I don't know what's going on with my phone.\" Zach added. \"Slappy's taken out the cell phone towers,\" RL told the others. \"That's what I'd do, he's cutting us off-\" \"Isolating us.\" Cherry said with him in a dark and mysterious tone of voice. \"Really?\" Megan asked. There was then a loud noise heard. \"What was that?!\" Champ panicked. Cherry looked to the windshield to see hand prints appearing. \"The Invisible Boy...\" she then recognized. \"A worse menace than Dennis or Little Audrey.\" \"Roll up the windows.\" Tony said. There appeared to be the sound of a bleat. Before the windows could be rolled up, Champ flinched as there was a slap sound heard. \" GET HIM OUT OF HERE! \" Cherry told the others as the Invisible Boy was loose in the car. \"How can we do that?\" Estelle asked. \"Hold on!\" RL told the others as he then accelerated and pushed the gas pedal. \"Wahoo!\" Lee smiled. Estelle latched onto Lee for protection, though it was mostly so she would have an excuse to cuddle close to him. The invisible boy was soon flung away. \"Everyone good?\" Cherry asked. \"Uh-huh.\" Everyone but the invisible boy nodded. \"Wait, wait, look out, something sparkly!\" Star pointed out right before them. \"Wires?\" Marco guessed. \"Yeah, those.\" Star replied. \"Steer away from it!\" Lee yelped. RL tried to steer away only for the car to begin spinning on the road. \"This is why I don't drive...!\" Cherry called out sickly. They soon crashed into something big. \"Everybody okay?\" Snowball asked in monster language. \"Yeah, we're okay...\" Estelle panted. \"Thanks, Snowball.\" The others then told the monster that they were okay once they now understood what he said. \"Whew, what did we hit?\" Snowball asked in monster language. Everyone looked forward to see a giant insect which made them all scream. \"It's the giant preying mantis!\" Cherry yelled out. \"I never remember writing about a giant preying mantis!\" R.L. yelled. \"One of the few books of my favorites because I hate bugs!\" Cherry shuddered. Felicity looked surprised as she had never seen her mother scared before. The praying mantis soon spit up on the windshield. \"Now, I remember.\" R.L. muttered. \"Drive!\" Cherry told him. R.L. wiped the windshield first since it was covered in goo. \"Seriously?!\" Cherry glared. \"Well, I can't drive if I can't see!\" R.L. glared back to her. \"Just drive!\" Lee told him. R.L. soon backed up the car and turned around to drive down the other side of the road to avoid the giant praying mantis. The giant insect then started to go after them. \"Aunt Cherry?\" Estelle spoke up. \"Yes, dear?\" Cherry replied. \"This reminds me of Dad's story about when you guys were experiencing a bug's life.\" Estelle said. \"I know, I keep trying to forget that day.\" Cherry said. \"OH, MY GOD!\" Champ, Zach, and Marco screamed once they saw the giant praying mantis after them. \"This is also like that giant ant from Honey, I Shrunk The Kids!\" Cherry gasped. \"Yikes!\" Star gasped. Everyone soon shouted out to R.L. as they panicked about the giant insect. \"Does someone else wanna drive?!\" R.L. called back. \"Because I'll pull over right now!\" \"Maman and I don't drive cars...\" Felicity muttered shyly as she never learned how to drive despite being a teenager now. \"I'll drive!\" Lee shouted. \"Be my guest!\" R.L. told him as he got out of the way. Lee soon dove in and grabbed the wheel and hoisted himself into the driver's seat and took the wheel and where he drove faster than the limit like a racecar driver. \"Whoa! Who are you, Speedracer?\" Estelle teased. \"I've always been a fast racer in games.\" Lee said. \"Well then, this is the ultimate video game...\" Estelle's blue eyes widened. Lee didn't waste one second as he didn't slow down. \"Ugh... I hate bugs like that...\" he groaned as he dodged the preying mantis. \"Same here.\" Tony nodded. Soon enough, the giant insect was right in front of them. \"Aw, crap!\" Lee complained before swerving the other way of the road. \"Yikes!\" Megan yelped. \"Look out for that other car!\" Marc told his brother. \"What other car?\" Tony asked. \"By the way, where's Vincent?\" \"I thought Vincent went to the dance?\" Felicity replied. Lee yelped and turned away from an incoming car that was parked. \"Yikes!\" Megan yelped. \"Man, that was close...\" Lee breathed in relief. \"Not close enough.\" Felicity groaned as the preying mantis was storming toward the parking lot. \"Oh, come on!\" Cherry complained. \"Quick, everyone out of the car.\" Lee decided. Everyone soon ran out of the car. As soon as they got out, the preying mantis grabbed the car, only to find no one inside of it. Everyone hid inside of the grocery store while he was distracted. And where he soon threw it back down to the ground. \"Why'd you come up with something so freaky?\" Champ asked the author. \"I just have a knack for it, I guess.\" R.L. replied. Snowball agreed with his creator. The car soon dropped hard on the ground. \"Oh, no, my Wagoner!\" R.L. cried out. \"I had such a low mileage on it.\" \"Can we get to the school from here?\" Star asked. \"We can cut through the cemetery.\" Hannah suggested as a shortcut. \"Is it close by?\" Marc asked. \"I'm sorry, a cemetery?\" Zach asked nervously. \"Come on, relax, the high school is just past the woods.\" Hannah replied. \"That's good.\" Tony said. \"How do you know that?\" R.L. asked Hannah suspiciously. \"Sometimes I get a little stir-crazy and go exploring.\" Hannah explained sheepishly. \"When?\" R.L. asked firmly. \"At night, after you go to bed.\" Hannah muttered. \"You're grounded.\" R.L. said firmly. \"That is so unfair!\" Hannah complained. \"Um, I hate to break this up, but we better keep moving.\" Felicity spoke up the best that she could despite her shyness. \"Yeah, we have to keep going.\" Megan said. \"Sneaking off at night with strange boys.\" R.L. shook his head at Hannah's behavior. \"Unbelievable.\" Champ agreed. \"Shut it.\" R.L. glared at him.[Chapter 10] They all soon walked through the grocery store. \"Hey, do you have a dollar I could borrow?\" Champ asked. Cherry scoffed. \"Why?\" she then asked out of annoyance. \"I'm parched.\" Champ frowned as he was thirsty. \"Then just take one of the sodas.\" Cherry said. \"Really?\" Champ asked. \"Yeah, it's not like security's gonna bust your butt.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. Champ soon went to the sodas and began to try to decide on what to drink. \"Good God, man!\" R.L. grew impatient as he took one soda and gave it to him. \"Here, orange!\" \"Hopefully this will only be a one time thing.\" Megan said. \"Don't know what I was thinking,\" Zach muttered. \"There's way more going on here than New York.\" \"You know it.\" Lee said. Estelle shivered slightly as they passed the freezer section. Lee then took off his jacket and let her wear it. \"Thanks, Lee.\" Estelle smiled. \"No problem, Estelle.\" Lee smiled back. Marc sighed in slight jealousy. He wished he could be like that around Penny. \"You have a little scratch.\" Felicity told Zach. \"Is it bad?\" Zach asked her. \"Yeah... It's really bad...\" Felicity examined. \"Is my face okay?\" Zach asked. \"Hannah, I think you should come check this out.\" Felicity turned to the girl. Hannah came over and took a look. \"Oh, she's right...\" she then agreed with Felicity about Zach's bruise before she took care of it by stroking his face with her thumb. This caused Felicity to giggle. Zach and Hannah soon smiled to each other. They soon heard something. \"Uh-oh.\" Felicity pouted. \"Sounds like the werewolf.\" Snowball whispered. \"Werewolf?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, please be Winnie or Clawdeen.\" \"From Fever Swamp.\" Snowball said. \"I should've known...\" Cherry sighed. \"That was never one of my favorites.\" They looked to the frozen meat and suddenly, a furry hand with claws grabbed onto a steak to eat it. \"Yep, that's him.\" Snowball gulped. Champ soon twisted his soda open which got the werewolf's attention. Everyone quickly moved out of the way as the werewolf sniffed and searched for a victim after he heard the noise. \"What now?\" Lee whispered. \"Don't move... Don't breathe... Don't blink...\" Cherry whispered back in warning. \"Okay.\" Estelle whispered. The werewolf soon came closer down the aisle. \"Okay, now move!\" Cherry then whispered loudly to them. They all then moved off quickly so the werewolf wouldn't notice them. \"Okay.\" Estelle whispered. The werewolf soon came closer down the aisle. \"Okay, now move!\" Cherry then whispered loudly to them. They all then moved off quickly so the werewolf wouldn't notice them. \"I always hated him.\" Snowball whispered. Everyone soon split up to cover more ground. Felicity looked around and felt lost without her mother with her. \"Maman!\" She soon felt her mouth covered. R.L. soon took out a cologne and sprayed himself with it to block out his scent against the werewolf. \"What are you doing?\" Lee whispered. \"That's the Werewolf of Fever Swamp,\" R.L. told him. \"He can smell my scent.\" Lee soon coughed as that was a bit excessive. \"Man, and I thought Mom overdid it with the perfume on Date Night with Dad!\" R.L. was soon finished with the cologne. \"No, it's not working; I have to hide.\" he then said before he tossed the can to Lee. \"Good for you!\" Lee deadpanned. \"What now?\" Felicity asked. Champ, Hannah, and Estelle soon came out of the freezer. Estelle was still cold, but Lee's jacket was great warmth. \"I don't see it.\" She whispered. \"Come on.\" Champ whispered back and led a way away from the freezers. \"Okay, okay.\" Estelle whispered back. The werewolf continued to sniff around while everyone began to escape. The only one trapped was R.L. \"Is that sweat or drool?\" Felicity whispered about the liquid on R.L's face as she checked on him. \"I'd rather not say.\" Cherry whispered. \"Do something.\" Hannah quietly told Zach. Zach soon grabbed a dog toy. He then threw it against the werewolf and quickly ducked down as it fell and squeaked on the floor and it caught the werewolf's attention. The others then rushed and urged for R.L. to come over before it would be too late. He soon spit out the drool on him before joining them. The werewolf soon snarled as he saw his creator and ran off after him. \"Oh, come on!\" Lee complained. \"Just go!\" Cherry told him. They were now all running. The others tried to throw out obstacles to slow down the werewolf, but most of it seemed to be no use. R.L. laughed as soon as he fell for a trap, only to fall into a shopping cart and get stuck. \"Oh, come on!\" Cherry complained. She then groaned as she helped R.L. get unstuck. \"This is what happens when you don't look where you're going.\" The werewolf came behind Cherry and roared against her head which blew her hair forward. \"Oh, hi.\" Cherry greeted before pushing the cart forward. The werewolf tried to swipe at her only to miss. \"Get me out of here!\" R.L. told her. \"There's no time,\" Cherry replied. \"Just look back!\" \"Oh, no, no, keep going, he's chasing us!\" R.L. soon panicked. Cherry rolled her eyes as she wheeled him out of the way. Estelle and Lee ran to the door and looked over to the two. \"Just go, we're right behind you!\" Cherry told the two. \"You got it!\" Lee told her. Hannah and Champ soon joined Lee and Estelle and the other Clark siblings rushed with Felicity as Cherry took care of R.L until the cart tripped. Cherry helped R.L. out and soon grabbed his hand and ran with him toward the teenagers. R.L. soon slammed the door shut and locked it with a smirk. \"HA! Let's see him get through that.\" \"We have to keep running.\" Estelle said. BANG! \"NOW!\" Cherry told the others in the loudest she had ever been. They all soon ran for their lives. The door soon flew open and the werewolf barked while chasing after them. \"Keep running!\" Cherry told them. They all then kept running as fast as they could away from the werewolf. They came to a door as Champ tried to open it, only for it to be locked. \"Allow me.\" Lee said. Everyone then stood out of Lee's way. Lee soon used his strength and got the doors unlocked. The werewolf snarled as he was coming up right behind them. Tony was on his way in the door until Lee held him back. Lee glared and then gestured for Estelle to go first since she was a lady. Estelle soon rushed in. The others then followed after her. Lee then grabbed the door and pulled it shut as the werewolf charged toward them. It was soon hit by a vehicle. The others winced slightly as that sort of sounded painful. They cracked open the door to see that the werewolf had landed in the dumpster after being hit. \"I'm okay!\" A familiar female called out until the sound of an air bag was heard. \"I'm still okay!\" \"Who is that?\" Hannah asked. \"It's my Aunt Lorraine.\" Zach replied. \"What's she doing here?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, my gosh,\" Lorraine panicked as she came out of her car. \"I think I killed that bear.\" \"It's a werewolf.\" Megan said. \"What?!\" Lorraine replied. \"Never mind that, what are you doing here?\" Marco asked as he stood beside Star. \"This is the back of my store,\" Lorraine explained. \"I didn't know where else to go. I can't get a hold of your parents or the cops or anyone,\" she then looked right into R.L.'s eyes. \"Hello...\" \"Uh, hi, hello.\" R.L. replied. \"What is going on here?\" Star asked. \"I'm not sure if I wanna know.\" Marco replied. \"Same here.\" Tony shuddered. Lorraine and R.L. were getting well-acquainted with each other. \"Aunt Lorraine, we don't have time!\" Zach told his aunt. \"I need you to go to the police station. Tell them to meet us at the high school. All right? Can you do that?\" \"I can do that.\" Lorraine nodded. \"Great.\" Estelle said. \"Oh, did you wanna exchange numbers?!\" Lorraine called out to R.L. as he ran off with the others. \"Now's not a good time, but yes!\" R.L. called back. Lorraine soon made her way to the police station. The others were then on their way to the cemetery to get to the high school.[Chapter 11] \"Almost there.\" Megan said. Cherry sighed as they came into the cemetery. \"I miss the Addams Family sometimes.\" \"And I'm sure they miss you too, Maman.\" Felicity said. \"Oh, God, this is a bad idea.\" Zach moaned about being in a graveyard. \"Why?\" Megan asked. A twig snapped which spooked Champ. \"What was that?!\" \"A twig.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. Champ looked around until he then suddenly tripped. \"You okay?\" R.L. asked the boy. \"Yeah, yeah, yeah, just a root,\" Champ replied nervously as he stood back up. \"Nothing scary here. \"So, how'd you get the nickname 'Champ'?\" R.L. asked the boy. \"I-It's not a nickname,\" Champ replied. \"It's short for Champion.\" \"Your actual name is Champion?\" R.L. chuckled but then stopped. \"Sorry.\" Champ soon started to tell him why his name was that. \"Dad won a Bronze medal in the '92 Olympics.\" Felicity turned around as she thought she heard something not too far away. \"Hmm...\" She hummed. \"Flick, try to keep up!\" Cherry sharply told her daughter. \"Yes, Maman.\" Felicity said. \"My mother was an all-American sprinter,\" Champ continued. \"And a two time world debate champion.\" 'He's still talking about his past?' Tony thought to himself. \"So, they named me Champ...\" Champ continued about how he got his name. Every once in a while, Zach and Hannah looked to each other. 'This is getting a little old.' Lee thought to himself. \"Star, if you're scared, you can hold my hand.\" Marco blushed. \"Th-Thanks, Marco.\" Star blushed back. Zach saw that and decided to try the same thing with Hannah. \"Please, you're the scaredy cat.\" Hannah smirked. Her hoodie was soon caught on something. This made her scream and panic as she thought someone had grabbed her only for it to be a statue. Zach soon helped her get unstuck after seeing she was all right and worrying over nothing and where it looked like nothing could ruin their romantic moment. \"My hero.\" Hannah smiled to Zach. \"There,\" Zach smiled back. \"You're free to go.\" They soon looked like they would kiss. Suddenly, a cloud moved from the full moon and it shined down into the cemetery and where Hannah was soon seen as a ghost. \"What is it?\" Hannah asked as Zach was now looking at her strangely. Zach soon started to back up. \"...Nothing.\" \"Are you sure?\" Hannah asked. \"GHOST!\" Tony suddenly screamed, killing the moment. This caused Hannah to sigh as she knew what that meant. The moon soon covered by the clouds again to show Hannah in her mortal form. \"Hannah, what was that all about?\" Lee asked. \"She's the Ghost Next Door.\" Cherry replied. \"What?\" Tony asked before feeling something coming up from the ground. \"Uh, did anyone else feel that?\" He then asked nervously. They soon saw something that made Estelle and Megan scream. \"Zach!\" Hannah gasped fearfully. \"What are they?!\" Tony yelped. \"Look like zombies to me!\" Lee replied as he protected Estelle. \"I think they're ghouls.\" Felicity said. The creatures soon all rose up from the ground and stood around each other. \"Are they gonna sing Thriller now?\" Tony shuddered. \"Come on, just run!\" Lee told the others as no good could come from this. \"Running!\" Megan yelped. \"Ghouls!\" R.L. yelped. \"Go, go!\" \"You don't have to tell us twice!\" Star yelped. The ghouls were slowly walking as they seemed to be chasing after them. \"Wait, they're not fast.\" Tony said. Everyone then just took their time as they came to the gate and once they were on the other side, they shut the gate to lock the ghouls in. \"I'm stuck,\" R.L. grunted. \"Go on without me, save yourselves!\" \"Okay, good luck!\" Champ replied and ran off. \"Stay!\" Lee told him. Champ nervously walked back over. Lee grabbed onto R.L. and pulled him out easily with his strength. \"Thanks.\" R.L. said. \"Sure thing, sir.\" Lee smiled. They then continued to run to make it to the high school as the ghouls tried to reach for them. Meanwhile with Lorraine... \"All right, Lorraine, okay, you got this,\" Lorraine told herself as she rushed to the police station. \"Just tell the cops to the head to the high school and that everyone's in trouble. You can do this, okay,\" She then accidentally ran into one door. \"Whoops! Nope, wrong door,\" She then pulled open the door and came inside. \"Hello? Is anyone in here?\" She soon found a microphone. She clicked it on in hopes of getting some attention. \"Calling all cops... Calling all the cops,\" she announced. \"Head to the high school. My nephew and his friends are in trouble. They're with R.L. Stine; they think they know how to stop all this,\" she began to worry when no one answered. \"Hello? Can anyone hear me?\" \"We can hear you.\" Akito's voice said. The window blind went up to reveal Akito and Slappy with cop hats and sunglasses. \"Sergeant Slappy and Lieutenant Akito, ready to protect and serve.\" The two smirked to Lorraine. \"Oh, my goodness...\" Lorraine gulped. \"You're a...\" \"Don't do it.\" Akito smirked. \"A talking...\" Lorraine continued. \"Don't say it~\" Slappy added. \"Dummy.\" Lorraine soon finished. \"You said it.\" Akito and Slappy sighed with smirks. Creatures came to the door to freeze Lorraine like they had with Brooks and Stevens earlier. \"Allow me, guys.\" Akito smirked. The creatures then stepped aside to let Akito do what he wanted to do. Lorraine was about to turn towards him. Akito took a deep breath and breathed ice all over Lorraine to freeze her in place. \"You have the right to remain silent.\" he then folded his arms with a smirk. \"'Ice' one, kid.\" Slappy smirked. \"Thanks.\" Akito smirked back. Meanwhile, back with the teenagers... \"Where did they put my typewriter?\" R.L. frowned as they looked all around the school. \"I know it was this way! ...Or was it the other way? Maybe we should split up.\" \"Are you insane?!\" Cherry glared. \"Have you ever read one of your books?\" Champ added. \"We're never supposed to split up!\" \"This isn't a Scooby Doo mission with Mystery Inc!\" Cherry scoffed. \"Come on, it's here somewhere.\" Star said. \"It must be in a display case.\" Felicity suggested. \"Wait, I think I've seen it in front of the school gym.\" Marco said. They then stopped and went to check out the school gym to see if the typewriter was there and where Zach took R.L. into a classroom to speak with him for a moment. Cherry decided to also go. \"Maman?\" Felicity asked. \"You go with the others,\" Cherry ruffled up her hair. \"Mama will be right back.\" \"Okay.\" Felicity said. Cherry came with Zach to talk with R.L. in private. \"She doesn't know, does she?\" she then asked. \"What?\" R.L. looked at her out of confusion. \"That she's not real.\" Cherry said. R.L. looked to her and soon turned away. \"She thinks she's a person, okay?\" Zach added. \"Not just some figment of your imagination. How could you lie to her?!\" \"I was trying to protect her!\" R.L. replied. \"For how long?\" Cherry asked. \"Don't you think she's caught on by now?!\" \"The gift of mine is a curse,\" R.L. sulked. \"You two have no idea how lonely it's been until Hannah. She's different, I wrote her in such a way that she thinks she's real, and she's real to me, guys,\" he then sighed to Zach while Cherry felt sorry for the author she idolized since childhood. \"I don't expect you to understand.\" \"Actually, Zach here does.\" Cherry soon said. R.L. soon stopped and looked down. \"I'm afraid of losing her...\" he sighed softly. \"And the truth is, I'm afraid of being alone.\" \"We all have that feeling...\" Cherry said to him. \"Before I got married, I always felt so cold and dark.\" \"Really?\" R.L. and Zach asked. \"I never understood myself very well,\" Cherry replied. \"I've had a rough life, not just in the beginning, but also when I was having my daughter.\" Hannah is soon seen walking into the room. \"After my dad died, I shut everyone out too.\" Zach told R.L. 'This is becoming one of those moments.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Maybe we can both start over...\" Zach continued to the author. \"If we're alive tomorrow.\" \"Hey, guys, we found it.\" Hannah told them. They then came out of the science classroom and came to the typewriter. \"Oh, my sweet darling,\" R.L. replied as they opened the case. \"I've missed you so much.\" he then kissed the keyboard before getting it out. \"That is just strange.\" Megan said. \"All right, so just start writing.\" Zach told R.L. \"He needs a story first.\" Cherry replied. \"What do you mean?\" Zach shrugged. \"Monsters lose, good guys win, The End.\" \"No, no, no, it has to be real a Goosebumps story.\" Cherry said. \"With twists, and turns, and frights!\" R.L. added. \"Not to mention some personal growth for our hero.\" \"You better get to a place alone.\" Cherry suggested. \"The auditorium.\" Star smiled. \"That's a good idea,\" R.L. agreed with Cherry. \"Warn everyone, tell them to barricade the school!\" \"You better hurry before Slappy finds you.\" Cherry nodded back to him. \"Yeah, and I have a deadline, literally.\" R.L. said. \"I hope you don't mind the stage set of a certain story.\" Marco said. \"What is it?\" R.L. asked. \"Oh, yeah, aren't you kids doing The Shining this year?\" Cherry replied. \"Yeah, but it might not be the perfect scenery for now.\" Estelle said.[Chapter 12] The gym was packed and filled with teenagers dancing together. Vincent bobbed his head to the beat as he was getting himself some punch. \"This sure is a great party.\" He smiled. The others tried to make it through the crowd. Emi soon appeared and looked around for Akito as she wore her ruby red dress with black and white heels, she also wore her hair down the way he liked it, but she couldn't find him anywhere. \"Akito's probably just waiting for me here...\" She said to herself nervously. \"He would never stand me up.\" She soon felt someone big and strong behind her. She then turned around after she sensed this to see who it was and where it was Akito as a monster. \"Akito, is that you?!\" \"Hey, Babe, wanna dance?\" Akito grinned. Emi screamed at the top of her lungs and ran away from him after giving a karate kick. \"I guess you're playing hard to get.\" Akito smirked. Emi accidentally ran into Vincent which made him spill the punch on Jenny as she wore a forest green dress to match his suit. \"Oh, my gosh, Jenny, I am so sorry!\" Vincent gasped at his girlfriend. \"It's okay, it was an accident.\" Jenny said. Vincent soon took out paper towels to hopefully get the stain out. Jenny smiled to him before looking to see that Emi was running from Akito which confused her and even more so since he was a monster now. 'Was Akito a monster?' She thought to herself. \"Get away from me!\" Emi cried out. \"Get away!\" \"I thought you liked me!\" Akito laughed as he chased her. \"I loved you when you weren't evil!\" Emi told him. \"Emi?\" Felicity asked as she walked with the crowd and spotted the young Pokemon Princess originally from Pallet Town. She soon saw who was chasing her. \"Akito?\" she then asked in even more confusion. \"HEEEEELP!\" Emi cried out before she took out a Pokeball and threw it against Akito. The ball then glowed to show a certain Pokemon: Mewtwo. \"Mewtwo?\" Felicity asked. Mewtwo dropped down in front of Akito so he could protect Emi against him. Akito was soon ready to fight against the strong Pokemon. \"So, it's come to this, has it...?\" Mewtwo folded his arms against Akito. \"I was hoping it wouldn't,\" He soon saw in Akito's eyes that the real him was chained up. \"Akito?\" he then wondered. 'Help me!' Akito's voice seemed to cry out from the inside of this monster form. 'Silence!' A dark voice snarled. Akito snarled at Mewtwo and began to fight him. Mewtwo soon held Akito in the air with his Psychic Power. Akito snarled at Mewtwo. \"I don't want to have to hurt you, Akito, but you have hurt Emi, and I must make her happy and give her what she wants.\" Mewtwo glared up at Akito as he lifted him. 'Please help break the spell.' Akito said as he was still chained up. Mewtwo heard the other voice which concerned him. 'I told you to shut up!' the dark voice snapped. Akito soon gulped. \"This is not good...\" Mewtwo sensed. \"Emi! Akito is in trouble!\" \"That is not my Akito!\" Emi yelled out as Mew comforted her. \"He's under a spell, but a part of him is chained up inside.\" Mewtwo said. \"What?\" Emi asked as she came over with Mew floating beside her. \"It's true...\" Mewtwo replied. \"We have to set him free.\" \"But how?\" Mew asked. \"Does he need true love's kiss perhaps?\" \"Since he's under a spell, yes.\" Mewtwo said. Emi came toward the monster Akito. He was about to thrash his hand against her to knock her down painfully. But something was stopping him; it was the goodness in him. He almost looked like King Adam in his final moments as The Beast. Emi looked into Akito's eyes as they both thought of the old times. \"Do you guys see anything?\" one boy with spiked black hair in a vest with a red and white hat asked. \"I think we're okay...\" the girl with spiky orange hair said as she held a Pokemon called a Togepi in her arms like she always has. \"Pika...\" a yellow Pokemon known as a Pikachu wandered, then saw Akito and looked startled a bit. \"PIKA PIIIII!\" he sounded alarmed from stranger danger. \"What, a stranger, where?!\" The girl with long black hair exclaimed and then began to look around. Pikachu clung to the girl like a surrogate mother. \"There, there, it's okay, Pikachu...\" the girl tried to calm the Pokemon. The boy with the hat came over and looked for the 'stranger'. \"Anyone out there?\" he asked, a little protectively in case this stranger was a threat. \"Down here.\" Akito said as he was now right next to the boat's side. It was that moment of when Akito and Emi had first met. Emi started to get closer to Akito knowing he wouldn't hurt her. Akito soon quietly growled and backed away from Emi. \"Akito, wait, I can help you.\" Emi soothed once she realized what she had to do. Akito soon saw she was wearing the necklace he made for her. His eyes squeezed shut. 'Oh, Akito!' Emi beamed while Akito blushed while giving her the necklace like Theodore did with Eleanor. 'It's beautiful!' Akito soon started to look now like he had done something horrible. Emi took his face back only to kiss him as Mew suggested and where it worked. 'NOOOOO!' the dark voice called out. Akito soon morphed back to normal and he was in his pajamas and was in Emi's arms. \"Ugh... What happened?\" he then groaned. \"You're safe~\" Emi hugged him close against her chest. Akito was happy to see Emi. He then looked to see himself in his pajamas and covered himself while blushing. Akito soon used his magic to make his clothes into the perfect clothes for the party. Emi smiled to him and kissed him again. Akito kissed her back. Mewtwo nodded to this as it was a perfect moment for the young couple. After they separated, Akito soon remembered where Slappy was going to be. \"Emi... Slappy...\" Akito said. \"Slappy?\" Emi asked. \"Wasn't she a cartoon squirrel on Animaniacs?\" \"No, no, not that Slappy, this Slappy is an evil dummy.\" Akito replied. \"From Goosebumps?\" Emi asked. \"Oh, good,\" Akito smiled as she knew those books. \"Yeah.\" \"Wait, he's real?\" Emi asked. Akito sighed. \"It's a long story, Emi, and it doesn't have a happy ending if Slappy wins.\" \"We better find the others.\" Emi said. Akito took her hand and ran with her. \"Do you wanna see how the French kiss?\" Jenny winked. Vincent gulped as he blushed. \"Do I want to see how the French kiss?\" \"Let me show you~...\" Jenny took his cheeks in her hands with a smirk. Vincent started to blush even brighter. \"Guys, we have to do something about Slappy!\" Akito interrupted them. \"Okay.\" Vincent said. \"Sorry, were we interrupting something?\" Emi asked. \"J-J-Jenny was just teaching me CPR...\" Vincent replied nervously. \"Uh, yeah, that's what we were doing.\" Jenny said. Akito and Emi rolled their eyes and soon ran with them. Cherry was coming by and ran into them. \"Oh, Vincent, there you are,\" she then said before she noticed how red he seemed. \"You look like a ripe tomato, did you French kiss your girlfriend?\" \"AUNT CHERRY!\" Vincent blushed out of embarrassment. \"What?\" Cherry asked. She then covered her ears from the loud music. \"Augh!\" The rest of the group soon arrived in the gym. Cherry groaned at the loudness. \"Turn that racket down!\" she complained like a crazy old lady. Everyone's dancing seemed awful. \"This is dancing?\" Estelle scoffed. \"Puh-lease! I could do grand jetes around these fools!\" \"I am so glad that we never agreed to come to this dance.\" Marco and Star said. They soon looked to each other and then away as they blushed for saying that at exactly the same time. 'I knew it.' Estelle thought to herself with a smile. \"So, this is what a high school dance is like.\" Hannah commented. \"Yeah, only with less humiliating dances.\" Tony replied. \"Zach!\" Gale's voice called out. \"Good, Gale isn't hard to find.\" Cherry said. Zach and Gale soon ran toward each other. The others soon joined Zach. \"I was so worried,\" Gale hugged her son. \"I couldn't get a hold of you or Aunt Lorraine.\" \"That's because communications are down.\" Cherry said. \"Mom, everyone here is in danger,\" Zach told his mother. \"We have to barricade the school!\" \"Oh, Zach, not this again.\" Gale shook her head. \"No, he's telling you the truth,\" Hannah replied. \"Hi, I'm Hannah, I live next door.\" \"Your son is telling the truth.\" Cherry said. Atticus and Mo were both at thee school as they sensed something wrong. \"All right, everyone, listen up, okay?\" Champ took the microphone, trying to get everyone's attention. \"Okay, everyone, listen up, I got something to say!\" Unfortunately, everyone who didn't respect him, weren't wanting to hear anything he said. Akito climbed up onto the stage to give Champ some help. And where Champ gave Akito the microphone. \"Thanks, Champ,\" Akito took the microphone. \"Okay, listen up, this is gonna sound insane, but monsters have invaded Southdale.\" This just made some students laugh. \"Do they think he's joking?\" Vincent asked. \"Well, think about it,\" Jenny replied. \"If someone told you that fictional creatures were loose, how would you react?\" \"Fair point.\" Vincent said. \"Guys, it's the truth, okay?\" Champ said nervously. \"He's telling the truth, okay?\" \"They've blocked everyone out on the road!\" Akito told everyone. \"They've torn down the cell towers, and we've been cut off from the rest of the world!\" 'Please believe him.' Estelle thought to herself. \"Oh, you don't believe me, huh?\" Akito asked. \"Then will you believe THIS ?!\" Cherry suddenly came on stage, she then put her thumbs into the corners of her mouth and her fingers underneath her eyelids before sticking her tongue out to make a crazy scary face which made some of the students scream, she then pulled down her jaw and ripped off her face to show it to them and her skull still had the eyes in before she then hit her skull and it turned back into her skinned face and she shook her head from the bone rubble. \"Now, do you believe him?!\" The students were soon in stunned silence. \"I hate it when she does that...\" Atticus shuddered from Cherry's 'face'. \"I know the feeling.\" Mo agreed as she also shuddered. \"He's right!\" A jerk boy soon called out. \"It's the Boogeyman, and he's picking his nose!\" This made everyone laugh again. The jerk boy laughed with them until he looked out the window. \"AUGH! It's a giant bug and it's eating everyone's cars!\" \"Preying mantis, right?!\" Cherry called out. Then, as if on cue, the gym was broken into by the giant preying mantis who bit onto the jerk boy. Everyone was really in a panic now. \"Yep, I was right.\" Cherry said. \"They're here!\" Zach panicked. \"This is bad.\" Megan said. The preying mantis climbed on top of the school, searching for its prey. Slappy seemed to look for his partner. The lawn gnomes soon came out and collected the books. He soon brought out the key. The gnomes took the key and used it on the books to unleash more and more monsters. \"All right, everyone calm down, okay?\" Akito told the crowd. \"I know what to do, but I can't handle it by myself.\" \"He's right.\" Cherry said. \"Look, those things out there are R.L. Stine's monsters,\" Zach continued. \"He's here and he can fix this, but we need to buy him time so he can write, and don't worry, he's a very quick writer.\" Unfortunately, he was wrong. \"That is, unless he has writer's block...\" Cherry said before sighing. \"Such a terrible case.\" \"Anyways, we have to barricade the school.\" Estelle said. \"Why should we listen to you?\" One boy asked her. \" LEAVE MY LITTLE SISTER ALONE! \" Akito snapped before calming down. \"Thank you.\" \"Please do as they say.\" Megan said. \"Guys, you think maybe monsters can handle W.O.O.H.P agents?\" Lee smirked to his siblings and the Fudo siblings. \"Maybe not.\" Tony said. They all then came together and were in their spy jumpsuits to see if they could handle the monsters as agents. \"Awesome!\" Vincent smiled. Atticus turned his head as he picked up something with his super-hearing. \"What is it, Atticus?\" Mo asked her husband. \"The others... They're coming...\" Atticus replied. \"You mean the monsters?\" Mo asked. \"We better move quickly.\" Cherry suggested as Felicity looked incredibly fearful and nervous. \"I agree.\" Felicity said.[Chapter 13] They all moved out to take on the monsters and there were even buzzing large bugs. \"Blah! I hate bugs!\" Cherry flinched at the enlarged insects. \"Oh, no, more monsters!\" Felicity gulped. \"I'm a little out of practice, but let's try this...\" Cherry tried to concentrate before making a giant flyswatter appear and she squashed the bugs with it by telekinesis like a unicorn's magic. \"Cool.\" Felicity smiled. \"The only bugs I like are Changelings!\" Cherry glared at the insects before she made the flyswatter disappear. \"Same here.\" Felicity said. The others tried to barricade the doors with classroom desks, but it wasn't going to hold so they began to run as the monsters tried to break into their school. There were even robots with laser eyes. Snowball decided to come and help the others even if those monsters were technically his family. \"Thanks for the help, Snowball.\" Akito smiled. Snowball smiled back with a nod as he did what he could do to help. Tony began to have trouble with getting something on a barricade. \"Come on, we better move!\" Marc told him. \"Oh, right.\" Tony said. Marc took his younger brother's hand and ran with him. \"Oh, I hope they don't get to Penny...\" he said to himself softly. \"She's been sick with the flu lately.\" \"I'm sure she's safe with Bolt.\" Tony said. \"I hope so...\" Marc replied. \"I care a lot about her.\" \"We know.\" Tony smirked. They continued to run. \"Everybody get away!\" Tammy called out as she was with her best friend Taylor and her boyfriend. \"Pretty people first!\" Star simply rolled her eyes at Tammy. \"Tammy, don't leave me!\" Taylor cried out to her best friend. \"I'll think of you!\" Tammy called back as she continued to run for her own life. \"Unbelievable.\" Mo said. \"Selfish little twit...\" Cherry grumbled about the blonde girl. Champ came out from a corner and saw that Taylor had been trapped against the werewolf and where now, this was his chance to be her hero. He mustered all of his courage and ran down the hall before jumping in the air and landing on the werewolf's back. Taylor gasped and looked surprised. The werewolf snarled and then tried to get Champ off of his back by slamming him against the walls and lockers. Champ soon bit the werewolf and where somehow, steam came out from the werewolf's skin as it howled in pain. The werewolf soon shook Champ off on the floor and then ran off to get away from him. \"Oh, my God,\" Taylor came to the boy in surprise. \"How'd you do that?\" Champ soon showed her some silver teeth he had. \"Silver filling, I had a ton of cavities,\" he then told her since silver was fatal against werewolves. \"When I was 10, I didn't brush my teeth for a year,\" he then winced and picked at his tongue. \"Ugh... Werewolf hair.\" Taylor smiled since Champ saved her life, so she rewarded him with a kiss on the lips and where he didn't expect that. \"You saved my life, Chump.\" Taylor smiled. \"It's actually 'Champ'.\" Champ corrected. 'Aw!' Megan thought to herself as she saw the whole thing. Champ smiled as he had won the girl of his dreams. \"TAYLOR!\" Tammy snapped which made them look over. \"What do you think you're doing with the loseriest of all losers?!\" Taylor soon had enough of Tammy as her former friend just called her hero and new boyfriend a loser. \"He's not a loser, he's my boyfriend, and if you were really my best friend, you'd be happy for us!\" \"Boyfriend?!\" Tammy and Champ asked in surprise, Tammy shocked in annoyance, Champ shocked in excitement. 'Oh, man, Tammy didn't see that coming.' Megan thought to herself. Taylor smiled as she wrapped her arms around Champ much to his delight and Tammy's dismay. 'Finally.' Megan thought to herself. Tammy soon growled and stormed off in frustration from her ex-best friend. 'She deserved that.' Megan thought to herself. Cherry's face paled as she leaned against the doors with Felicity and breathed in and out. She had never felt so scared in her whole life except for up until Felicity had been born despite her alien father making her get rid of Felicity since she was born between a forbidden romance and she was to have an arranged marriage. There was a clown outside who looked rather menacing and almost as demonic as Stephen King's Pennywise. \"Yikes!\" Cherry yelped. \"It's okay, Maman.\" Felicity soothed her scared mother. \"We can't keep this up,\" Hannah whispered fearfully to Zach. \"There's too many.\" \"We have to get to Stine.\" Zach whispered back. \"He must still be in the auditorium.\" Star said. \"Let's go.\" Felicity said once she saw that the close was clear for right now. They then rushed over to the auditorium to see the horror writer and where the typewriter was closed on his fingers. He did not know he was being watched, unfortunately. Meanwhile... Scruffy, Dot, Snow White, and Bartok were getting concerned about their humans being gone an awfully long time. They all soon decided to hold a pet meeting which meant that Bolt had to leave Penny's room while she was sleeping early due to being sick to see what was going on as Scruffy used a Twilight Bark and where the meeting was close by. \"Bolt, you made it.\" Dot said to the white hound. 'Yeah,\" Bolt panted. \"Poor Penny though... What's going on?\" \"Our humans have been gone for a long time,\" Scruffy informed. \"I think there's something amiss at the school.\" \"We're going there, right?\" Dot asked. \"I think we should,\" Scruffy replied. \"I'm so worried about Akito.\" Dot sighed in agreement. \"I do miss Estelle.\" \"Yes... Nobody gives me sweet comfort like Vincent.\" Snow White said as she stretched, but she was more awake now since it was night time. \"We better go then.\" Bolt said. \"You guys cover the ground, I'll cover the air.\" Bartok said before flapping his wings. \"You got it.\" Dot said. Bartok flew into the sky while the dogs and cat ran into the school while the monsters invaded. \"I hope they're alright.\" Dot said. \"This reminds me of that time that those monsters from that museum invaded where Shaggy and Scooby-Doo lived.\" Scruffy added. \"Same here.\" Dot said. Cherry was on her way to the auditorium and then looked down to see her niece and nephews' pets. \"Scruffy? Dot? Snow White?\" \"We came to check on our owners.\" Snow White said. \"They're all scattered, get going.\" Cherry told them. Dot and Scruffy sniffed out for Estelle and Akito's scents and soon rushed after them. Snow White firmly pouted as she couldn't do that since she was a cat and tried to find Vincent on her own. Luckily for her, Vincent seemed to have been coming to her. \"Oh, Vincent!\" she then beamed. Vincent came to his cat and picked her up. \"Oh, Snow White, that is you!\" \"I'm so happy you're alright!\" Snow White smiled. \"Yeah, same here,\" Vincent smiled back to his cat. \"Wait, how'd you get here?\" \"Scruffy sensed something wrong since we were home alone, so we all came together.\" Snow White replied. \"That's good.\" Vincent said. \"How's Jenny?\" Snow White asked. \"She's fine...\" Vincent blushed at the mention of his girlfriend since they were close to sharing a French kiss. \"Are you blushing?\" Snow White asked. \"Uh, let's get to the others.\" Vincent changed the subject. \"Agreed.\" Snow White said. Vincent set her on the floor and they ran off together. \"I hope these monsters don't eat cats.\" Snow White whimpered. \"I doubt that.\" Vincent said. The others were beginning to find R.L. so he could end the story so this nightmare could end. Unknown to them, Slappy was in there with him. \"You've disappointed me, Akito Fudo...\" Slappy's voice mocked. \"I trusted you, but now you can only try, but it'll end and you will die, and die, and die...\" Akito stayed calm and decided to keep R.L. company. R.L. looked up to Akito. \"Don't let me stop you, keep going.\" Akito told the author. \"Okay.\" R.L. said. Akito took out a lollipop and decided to have some of it. Slappy smirked as he taunted his creator. R.L. continued typing. Zach and Hannah soon rushed in to see him and where they saw his fingers crushed. \"Are you okay?\" Zach asked. \"That dumb dummy broke my fingers,\" R.L. hissed in pain. \"I was almost finished, one or two pages left!\" \"Then we have to get Aunt Cherry to finish it.\" Akito said. \"Forget two pages,\" Zach replied. \"Just write two words 'The End'.\" \"It won't work.\" Akito said. Cherry soon came into the room. \"Please, allow me.\" \"Aunt Cherry, you can save the day!\" Akito beamed to his literary aunt. \"I know can.\" Cherry said. R.L. let her take his spot as Hannah nursed him the best that she could. The lights soon start to flicker. 'School-wide announcement,' The PA System went off. 'Monsters have overwhelmed SouthDale High. Retreat in an orderly fashion to the storage room. I repeat, retreat in an orderly fashion to the storage room.' Everyone simply ran off to the storage room. \"SouthDale High is becoming Monster High...\" Cherry commented as she typed as fast as she could, which of course no problem for her. Everyone was soon in the storage room. Bartok soon flew into the auditorium. The pets all joined them. \"They're in there!\" Bartok told the others. \"We're coming, Bartok!\" Bolt panted to the bat as he ran with the others and where he was as fast Scruffy. \"Kids!\" Atticus looked relieved. \"Oh, Daddy...\" Estelle hugged her father as she briefly left Lee. \"Thank goodness you're all alright.\" Mo sighed. \"Get the pages!\" Cherry said as she took out the final page she made up on her own. \"What pages?\" Scruffy asked. \"The typewriter pages!\" Cherry replied. \"Hurry!\" \"Okay, okay.\" Scruffy said. Felicity helped her mother collect the pages as quickly as possible as they ran off. \"Wow, that was fast.\" R.L. said. \"Cherry was always the fastest one in Typing Class back in school.\" Mo remembered fondly. \"She sure was.\" Atticus said. \"A bat!\" Megan shrieked at Bartok. Bartok soon landed on Felicity's arm. \"Bartok, thank goodness you are all right.\" Felicity smiled to her pet. \"You too.\" Bartok sighed with a smile back. They then began to run as the lockers seemed to be invaded by killer plants. Hannah yelped as she fell to the floor. \"Hannah, no!\" Zach cried out before hitting some of the plants with R.L.'s briefcase and where that seemed to do the trick. Mo's eyes soon flashed as she then took control of the plants and tied them against each other into knots to keep them from harming anyone. \"Nice.\" Megan said. \"Okay, you guys close the doors while I got them in knots!\" Mo told the others. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Marc replied. Bolt and Scruffy hit against the doors to help get them sealed shut as the others closed them with all their might. The two then looked to each other and high-pawed each other. The moonlight was shown on Hannah again and her ghostly appearance showed. \"Yikes!\" Dot yelped. \"G-G-Ghost!\" Bartok shivered and hid behind Felicity's head. \"She's nice.\" Akito said. Taylor and Champ soon came over and stopped in surprise of Hannah's condition. Once the clouds covered the moon, Hannah materialized once again. \"Are you okay?\" Zach asked once he helped Hannah up to her feet. \"Yeah.\" Hannah said. \"Come with me.\" R.L. took the lead. The others then followed after him while Taylor and Champ felt stupefied. \"Now, we just need all of the monsters in on place.\" Estelle said. \"Everyone's going to the gym, would that work?\" Dot asked. \"Yes!\" Cherry nodded. \"Okay then, to the gym!\" Dot decided. Everyone to the gym. They all decided to hide into the boys' and girls' locker rooms and where all of the monsters were there. \"Whew.\" Mo sighed. Atticus leaned against the door to block the monsters. Cherry started to put all the pages in the book. \"Almost got it!\" she called out as she worked on the book as quickly as she could. \"Almost there.\" Forte said. \"I should be doing this,\" R.L. sighed. \"This is all my fault anyway.\" \"No, you couldn't have known.\" Cherry said. \"I think I need to face my own demons.\" R.L. replied. \"But not alone.\" Cherry said. \"I have an idea.\" Akito spoke up. \"What is it?\" R.L. asked. \"Come with me.\" Akito replied as he walked one way. \"Here we go.\" Estelle said.[Chapter 14] Akito took out a pair of keys and came to the school bus and opened it up before driving it off, breaking against the gate. \"This is his plan?\" Megan asked. \"Akito Benjamin Fudo, you don't have a license!\" Mo called out. \"Sorry, Mom!\" Akito called back. \"What is he thinking?\" Marc asked. The monsters soon went after the driving school bus. \"Okay, now what?\" Scruffy asked. \"That's right, come after me.\" Akito smirked as he drove without fear. \"Huh?\" Scruffy asked out of confusion. The preying mantis soon jumped at the school bus and tore it up, making it skid on the road before stopping. Akito soon grabbed Scruffy and squeezed his eyes shut as the monsters came to the bus and he had teleported to the other bus where the others were before the monsters could see him. \"Nice.\" Scruffy said. \"You are one weird, incredible, amazing kid.\" R.L. said as he drove the other bus. \"Thanks.\" Akito replied. \"So, what did you do while you were in there?\" Estelle asked, feeling so happy to be with her twin brother as he was back to normal. \"Oh, I might've borrowed some things from the science lab.\" Akito replied innocently. \"It's rigged to explode, isn't it?\" Vincent smirked. \"Yeah,\" Akito smirked back. \"Luckily I memorized some techniques that Tech taught me.\" \"Great.\" Estelle said. They all soon looked out the windows and saw an explosion not too far away from them. \"Wahoo!\" Lee cheered. \"Way to go, Akito!\" Marc beamed. Akito smiled bashfully at the attention, never being smug or boastful. \"Yeah, high-five!\" R.L. held out his sore hand. \"Are you sure about that?\" Akito asked. R.L. realized which hand that was and retracted it. \"Right.\" \"There's green ooze coming out...\" Felicity noticed from the explosion. \"Monster Blood.\" Cherry replied as those were her favorite of the Goosebumps series. \"Keep driving.\" Vincent said told the author. The bus soon stopped and parked, allowing everyone to get off. \"Quick, everyone into the amusement park!\" Akito told them. Hannah led the way and turned on the lights so they could go around easily. \"Okay, where to?\" Megan asked. \"It was clear there was only one place in the park to hide.\" R.L. replied. \"And it was the hall of mirrors!\" Cherry added. \"That's right, the funhouse!\" R.L. agreed with her. \"Of course.\" Estelle smiled. \"Come on, guys!\" Zach yelped as they ran into the funhouse. \"Oh, carnivals bring back memories for me...\" Bartok smiled as he perched onto Felicity's shoulder. \"Back when I was Bartok the Magnificent!\" \"Sounds great.\" Felicity said. \"Oh, I miss those days before Rasputin at times...\" Bartok sighed. \"Especially Zozi.\" \"A friend of yours?\" Estelle asked. \"He used to be my partner back then.\" Bartok nodded. \"Nice.\" Felicity said. Everyone explored the funhouse while R.L. decided to finish up some of his story after he saw what Cherry wrote and where they thought they were safe. \"Cherry, you are brilliant.\" R.L. told the fellow author. \"I know.\" Cherry replied as she typed like the wind. \"So, what's the rest of the story?\" Marco asked. Suddenly, the lights went out and Slappy appeared. \"Seriously?!\" Star yelped. \"He found us.\" Bolt gulped nervously. \"Remember, you're super again.\" Scruffy reminded Bolt. \"I know, but he startled me.\" Bolt replied. \"Understandable.\" Scruffy said. \"Follow me!\" R.L. told the others to escape the dummy. \"Lead the way.\" Marco said. \"Papa...\" Slappy mocked R.L. \"You left without saying goodbye...\" \"Once he shows; I'll burn him and the last book.\" Akito said. \"That's my boy.\" Atticus nodded to his younger son. \"But where could he be?\" Mo asked. Slappy kept showing up and reappearing like when Queen Chrysalis had bewitched Atticus and Twilight into thinking she was an evil version of Princess Cadence. \"Where is he?\" Mo asked. Akito growled and he began to punch the mirrors to see which one was the real Slappy. \"This reminds me of that time Batman was against Baby Doll.\" Cherry commented. The real Slappy was soon shown. \"YOU!\" Akito glared as he lunged out for the wooden dummy. \"Hello, traitor.\" Slappy said. \"Hi, Dummy.\" Akito glared. \"Oh, I know you didn't call me dummy!\" Slappy glared. \"Well, I did and I don't care!\" Akito glared back. \"You don't scare me!\" Slappy began to try to get free. \"I'm not letting go!\" Akito grunted as he held down the dummy. \"Now?\" Marco asked R.L. \"Now.\" R.L. allowed as now seemed like a good time. \"Great.\" Star said. \"Your chapter just ended, Slappy!\" Cherry yelled out fiercely as she had finished the story. \"Wow, that was fast.\" Slappy said. \"Never underestimate me...\" Cherry narrowed her eyes. \"I'm afraid just like the Ravencrofts, it's time to go back into the book!\" \"That's right.\" Atticus said. \"You can't do this to me!\" Slappy hissed. \"I can, and I will...\" Cherry opened the book she had made to suck back all of the monsters. \"Ooh, Aunt Cherry, Dad, let Snowball go.\" Akito whispered to his father and aunt. \"This book only sucks in evil monsters... That includes you, invisible boy!\" Cherry called out. \"Phew!\" Akito looked relieved since Snowball wouldn't be lonely ever again. \"Thank you, Aunt Cherry.\" \"You're welcome.\" Cherry said. \"What about Hannah?\" Zach asked worriedly. \"She should be fine, so you two can cuddle and coo~\" Cherry teased. \"Oh, and she can live like a normal teenager.\" \"Oh, Aunt Cherry, how did you have that happen?\" Estelle asked. \"Eh, your father's wiccan powers kinda gave me an idea...\" Cherry shrugged innocently. \"I've always been a sucker for these fantasy/supernatural stories since I was a kid. That's what got me into Goosebumps in the first place.\" \"Nice.\" Vincent smiled. Soon enough, all of the creatures were being sucked as Cherry opened the book. Hannah's ghostly aura was being faded and soon enough, she was being materialized into a normal, mortal girl. The invisible boy was heard screaming, trying not to be sucked in. \"Um, is he getting sucked in or what?\" Tony asked as he was unsure due to the invisible boy being, well, invisible. \"Yes, he is.\" Cherry said. \"Oh, thank goodness.\" Tony looked relieved. Zach and Hannah held each other as the evil monsters were being sucked away. Slappy was the last to be sucked in. Thunder quietly rumbled and lightning briefly flashed after Champ took the book and closed it up. \"Alright then, time to lock it.\" Cherry said. Scruffy barked as he carried a lock in his mouth and ran over. Cherry took it while wincing at the drool and locked the book. \"There we go.\" She said. R.L. and the others joined together. \"So, shall we burn this?\" Cherry suggested as she held the book out. \"Yes.\" Everyone else nodded. Cherry took out a match and lit it while tossing the book into a wastebasket and tossed the match into the basket with the book to burn it up. \"Now, let's all go home.\" Tony said. Hannah and Zach shared a kiss together. Zach had a chill down his spine, not because Hannah was once a ghost, but it was the first kiss he had ever had with a girl. They all soon went to bed. \"Maman, will we see Slappy again?\" Felicity asked. \"I certainly hope not, Fliss.\" Cherry replied as they were going home now. \"That's good.\" Felicity smiled. Marco and Star soon finally shared a kiss together and it seemed to set off fireworks for them as they were meant to be together. \"Finally.\" Akito said. Marco and Star blushed to the others after they shared their kiss. Later on, Bolt came back home and curled up on the floor next to Penny's bed.[Chapter 15] Luckily, the next morning, Penny woke up and felt so much better, but she rubbed her head. \"Oh, Bolt, I had the craziest dream.\" she told her dog. \"You don't say...\" Bolt chuckled. \"You look so much better though.\" \"You won't believe what it was.\" Penny said. Bolt smiled to her. Penny saw a cup of warm tea with honey for her and decided to drink it for her mother's sake. \"So, what did you dream about?\" Bolt asked her as she decided to get dressed for school since she was all better. \"I dreamt that these monsters took over the school dance,\" Penny said as she pulled her shirt on. \"Also, this was the crazier part... Marc was a secret agent with his brothers and sister, and not only them, but also Akito, Estelle, and Vincent...\" \"You don't say.\" Bolt said. \"Crazy dream...\" Penny muttered. \"Well, uh, we tend to have crazier dreams when sick.\" Bolt had to agree. \"True.\" Penny nodded. \"At least you're feeling better.\" Bolt said. \"Yeah...\" Penny smiled. \"No more stuffy nose, sore throat, or Tylenol.\" \"Well, you better go to school.\" Bolt said. Penny smiled as she then grabbed her backpack and came downstairs, taking a piece of jellied toast on the way out the door and where everything was normal as it could be. \"Ah, so glad that things are back to normal around here...\" Akito smiled and stretched as he came to school with his siblings and cousin. Marco and Star were both seen holding hands. \"So, you two are official, huh?\" Estelle asked. \"No more Jackie Lynn, eh, Marco?\" \"I decided she's not for me.\" Marco replied. \"That's good to hear.\" Vincent asked. Star and Marco then walked into the school together, still holding hands. Marc sighed until he found his eyes covered by a pair of hands. \"Guess who?~\" Penny giggled. \"Penny?\" Marc smiled. \"Congratulations, you won the prize.\" Penny smiled back as she faced him and rewarded him with a kiss. \"Aw!\" Megan smiled. Penny and Marc blushed to each other as they walked inside together. \"When am I gonna get a girlfriend?\" Tony complained. \"You'll have one soon.\" Estelle said. \"Hmm...\" Tony hummed about that as he didn't feel too sure. A limo pulled up and everyone expected Tammy, but they saw a golden blonde-haired girl in a purple tank top with a blue skirt with sunglasses and sandals who looked rather mean at first. \"Portia...\" Akito, Estelle, Vincent, and Felicity recognized from the Netherworld. \"Come on, dear, let's get you registered.\" Cassandra told her daughter. \"Yes, Mom.\" Portia said. Cassandra walked into the school with Portia following behind. Portia looked toward Tony and winked to him with a smirk. Tony soon blushed at this. Megan smirked as she noticed Tony blushing, then looked to the ones who seemed to know her. \"Is she nice?\" she then asked them. \"She is, but her mom's a real witch.\" Akito hinted, but didn't flat out say it since Megan was a mortal. \"Wow, that bad?\" Megan asked. \"Trust me.\" Akito replied. \"I think I'm in love.\" Tony whispered about meeting Portia. 'Looks like I have a new mission.' Estelle thought to herself. Gale and Zach soon pulled into the school. \"I'll give you a sixty second head start.\" Gale told her son, knowing how much she had embarrassed him. \"You know what; how about we go in together?\" Zach asked his mom. Gale was surprised and touched by her son's request and of course, accepted. They soon went into the school after Gale did a quick and playful lock of the door. \"So mature...\" Zach chuckled and shook his head as he then unlocked the door and opened it. \"You know you love it.\" Gale said. Zach took a deep breath and latched on his backpack to start a whole other day of school. \"Here we go.\" Estelle said. \"Something on your mind, Sis?\" Akito asked his twin sister. \"No, just wanting to get into the school.\" Estelle said. Akito looked concerned, but shrugged and walked inside with the others. Everyone was now in their classroom where R.L. was starting his new job. \"Can I still call you 'Dad'?\" Hannah asked. \"Well, in school, you call me Mr. R.L. Stine, but out of school, yes.\" R.L. replied. \"Of course.\" Hannah agreed as that was normal for children who had teachers for parents. This was now going to be like a regular thing. The End ","Summary":" Many years ago in a certain orphanage... Cherry and Atticus were sitting at a table together, readi"},{"Movie":"Goosebumps","Title":"Goosebumps","Author":"ariellewilson730","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13224741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: The Begining \"Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" \"But...\" \"I said, GET OUT!\" \"But... I didn't do anything...\" \"Oh? And you expect me to believe that he did it?\" \"...\" \"Of course it was her, mom. She wrecks everything she sees. I don't know why we had to take her in. She was just a mistake!\" My eyes shot open as I awoke with a start, sitting upright on my bed; shaking. The room felt hot and stuffy. I felt dampness on my face. Bringing my hand up to my face, I felt... tears? I was...crying...? Not only that, I felt sweat mixed with it, as well. I layed on my bed, my head resting on the single pillow. I stared at the ceiling. I had this same nightmare. Like...every night when I go to bed. \"It's just a nightmare,\" I told myself. \"It was just... a nightmare.\" The word cracked out of my mouth. I closed my eyes, taking slow, deep breaths, letting them out, calming down my racing heart. I wish this horrifying dream will go away. Only... it won't. Opening my eyes, I kept gazing at the ceiling. I loosened the grip of the covers, getting out of bed. I went to my dresser, pulling out new clothes for the day. Heading to the bathroom, I glanced myself at the hallway mirror. Yep, this is me... Hazel. A worthless sixteen year old ever. I gave myself a hateful look before continuing my way to the bathroom. I shut the door, setting my fresh, clean clothes down. I turned on the shower, checking the temperature, wanting to water to be warm; not too hot and not too cold. Once I felt like the water is just right for me, I took off my sweaty clothes, and got in the shower, shampooing my light brown hair that only stops at my shoulders, then did the rest of myself. Once I was finished, I quickly dried myself and got dressed. Right after I finished, I went down to the kitchen, heading for the fridge. I opened up the fridge door, only to find not much food in there. There was one cup of yogurt, though. I took it out of the fridge, then sat at the table and began eating. It wasn't much, but will have to do. I threw the cup away and put the spoon in the dishwasher. \"I should do some shopping to fill up my fridge...\" I walked over to my money box. Except I only have three dollars. Not enough to buy food. I gritted my teeth a bit, closing up the box. \"I just have to earn money for it,\" I sighed. Making my way to the living room, I slipped on my shoes. I checked to see if they're tied tight enough. Feeling satisfied, I nod my head, letting myself know that these are tied tight enough and that I am ready. I grabbed the door, my head down, eyes closed. You can do this, Hazel... Don't think about the things you are thinking now. Deep breaths and relax. Nothing's bad gonna happen to you. Just do your thing, and then come right back home. Taking a deep breath, I opened the door, stepping out onto the porch of my home. I walked down the path, and onto the sidewalk. I saw kids biking their way to school. One kid looked at me. I turned my head and did not look at her. I know what will happen. I knew what she's gonna do to me... I had it happened to me before. Soon I came across a neighborhood that I never came to. That's when I saw a man dressed in black, along with black shoes and black-framed glasses, stepped out of the house. I notice his dark hair was slicked back as he made his way to his mail box. Taking another deep breath, I walked over to him. \"Excuse me?\" I spoke. The man opened his mail box, taking out some envelopes. I wasn't sure if he heard me. I am kind of soft with my voice, so I spoke louder. \"Excuse me, sir?\" The man then gazed at me. And the look he gave me was serious and creepy. Like I was an alien from outer space or something. I looked down at the ground. \"Do you have any chores for me to do?\" I asked, feeling hesitant. \"It's okay if you don't...have any...\" He shut his mail box, still eyeing me like a hawk. \"Chores?\" he said, brow raised. \"Why?\" \"To get money,\" I simply replied, still staring at the ground. \"Do your parents give you money?\" he asked me. \"...I don't have any parents anymore. And I don't want to talk about,\" I told him. \"Do you have...\" \"...yes... And I don't want to talk about that either. Just... Do you have any chores for me? You can pay me whatever you want.\" I looked up at him. He was still giving me his creepy look. \"What...? Why are you staring at me like that?\" I didn't like the way he was looking at me. I had these looks before. \"Are you saying that... you live on your own?\" he questioned. My hand twitched, and I pressed it against my side. \"Yeah... I do...\" Don't ask anymore questions about me, please. \"Do you have chores for me? I don't care how much I get paid.\" He thought about it for a second. \"You know,\" he began, \"I was going to clean up the kitchen, putting the breakfast plates in the dishwasher, clean the counter, so... Yeah, you can do the kitchen. You can also dust all the rooms if you like. And I'll give you thirty dollars.\" \"Okay.\" \"By the way, what's your name?\" A smile came onto his face. \"...Hazel...\" \"Oh! That's a pretty name. Is it because if the eyes?\" I didn't answer, I just nodded. He noticed my expression, tilting his head to the side. \"Is something wrong...?\" he said with a concerned look. \"...nothing...\" I shrugged. \"Nothing is wrong.\" \"...okay. Well, I'm Mr. Shivers. But you can call me Shivers.\" He held up his hand, only I didn't take it. I just stared at him. He chuckled. \"You're suppose to shake my hand,\" he told me, as if I didn't know what to do. \"I don't like to be touched,\" I told him, giving a bit of an attitude. He put his hand down. \"I see...\" Feeling like I jerk, I began to feel guilty. \"I'm sorry,\" I quickly apologized, feeling panicky inside my chest. \"I didn't mean to sound like. It's just that-\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not mad at you,\" he responded to my panic. \"You don't like to be touched, I respect that.\" He straightened out his mail. \"Come with me,\" he gestured, waving his hand for me to follow him. I stood there for a few seconds. He seems friendly... even though he looks like a devil. I entered into his home. It looked very nice. Just like my house. I looked around the living room for a little while. \"Hazel.\" I turned to him \"The cleaning supplies are under the sink in the kitchen, which is right over there,\" Shivers directed. \"I'll be out taking the weeds out of the garden. Come get me if you need anything, okay?\" \"Got it.\" I went into the living room and made my way to the kitchen, just as he walked out the front door, making his way to the backyard of his house. Looking around the kitchen, I saw breakfast dishes, along with pans already used. Plus silverware, glass cups, and a spatula. Of course, I clean off the food before putting the dishes in the dishwasher. I tried to get most of the scrambled egg off, though. It wasn't easy. I mean... egg sticks to everything, right? Placing the dishes between the racks, I made sure they're placed in right. I put the packet of gel in that is the color of greenish-blue. I put it in the dishwasher, closed it, shut it, and turn it on. I heard it hum and it began running. I then went over to the sink to see egg pieces, bacon pieces, as well as pancake pieces. I turned on the faucet, letting the food go down the drain. As I was doing that, I turned on the garbage disposal. I was then greeted by a foul smell. I quickly switched it off, knowing how to get rid of the smell of food, mainly eggs. I went over to the fridge, finding some tangerines. I grabbed at least three of them. I set them on the count and began peeling them. \"Hello. Who are you?' I stopped what I was doing, facing behind me. There was a girl about my age with long, dark brown hair that passes her shoulders. \"What's your name and what are you doing in my house?\" \"I'm doing chores to get money,\" I answered. \"Really? Do your parents give you allowance?\" she replied. \"I don't have parents anymore...\" I went back to peeling the skin of the tangerines. \"What about...\" \"Yes, but I don't want to talk about...that.\" I finished taking the skin off and throwing away the trash. I took the fruits apart, throwing it in the garbage disposal. I clicked on the switched. We both listened to the hums of the blades, until we were met with the tangerine smell. \"Wow,\" she expressed, \"where'd you learn to do that?\" I shrugged. \"...nobody... I just did myself.\" I took out the counter cleaner and grabbed the sponge on top of the sink. I sprits some on the counter. \"So you're Shivers' daughter?\" I assumed, wiping down the counter with a sponge that is already wet and soapy from scrubbing the food off the dishes. \"Yeah, I'm Hannah,\" she introduced. \"What's your name?\" \"Hazel.\" I grabbed some paper towels, mopping up as much soap and water as I can off the counter, getting it dry. I threw the towels away into the trash can. \"You know...your dad seems... odd. Weird. Odd... really odd.\" Hannah brushed her fingers through her hair. \"Don't take it personally, he doesn't really like anyone.\" I frowned. \"He...doesn't like anyone?\" \"No, no. It's means that...\" She sighed. \"I'm not saying that he hates people, he...well... he keeps to himself. It's no big deal.\" She kept looking at me. \"So how much is my dad paying you?\" \"Thirty dollars,\" I answered, taking out some wood polish and a rag. \"I use the money to buy food to fill my fridge up at my house.\" \"Wait... You live on your own?\" She sounded shocked. \"Pretty much. But... like I said... I don't want to talk about it.\" I sprayed some polish on the coffee table, cleaning it down. \"If you don't mind, I get this done when I'm not being bothered...\" I looked down at the carpet. \"If it's okay with you, that is...\" \"It's no problem at all.\" Hannah took my request lightly. \"I'll be just up in my room.\" She went towards the steps, then stopped. \"You know... you're name matches perfectly with you,\" she smiled. \"Yeah...\" was all I could respond back. I watched her go up the steps to her room. Then I finished dusting up the living room. After, I headed up the stairs to first room I spotted. The study room. Walking into the room, I went up to desk. It didn't need to be cleaned down, but just to be safe, I'll do it. And just as I was about to do it, my eyes caught something. A tall bookshelf filled with books from the top shelf to bottom shelf. Curious, I went over to it. I looked at the books and took one off the shelf. I looked at the title; examining it. My brows furrowed at the title. \"Ghost Beach?\" I read. I set the book back in it's place, using my finger to scan the titles of each book. \"Return Of The Mummy... Vampire Breath... Deep Trouble... Escape From The Carnival Of Horrors... Let's Get Invisible... These are all Goosebumps manuscripts,\" I realized. I took out another book titled A Nightmare On Clown Street . \"R.L. Stine...\" I examined the book. \"...nobody had no idea who he is.\" I also notice something else. Two clasps clamped tightly together, preventing the book from being opened. \"Why are these books locked...?\" I wondered. \"That's for you not to find out.\" Startled, I almost dropped the book. I saw Shivers and Hannah at the entrance of the room. I gulped. I've been caught! I'm dead meat for this! Shivers walked over to me, taking the book away from me. \"These books have to be kept locked...\" he said in a mysteries tone of voice. \"Why? What will happen?\" I wanted to know why they were locked. \"I won't tell you. If I do-\" He was cut off by a noise outside, like objects falling on the ground. Hannah went to window to check it out. \"Smooth,\" she started to comment. \"So you're the new neighbor?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" It was a male voice. \"Nice to meet you.\" \"How long was the drive from New York?\" There was a slight, awkward pause, and the new neighbor didn't seem to understand what she meant. \"No. I can just tell by the pretty hat that you have...\" she explained, hiding behind the curtains just a bit. \"Oh, no.\" There was a chuckle outside. \"This... No. This is... This is actually a gift from my aunt,\" he responded. Huh... I wonder where he's from... Oh yeah, New York, just like Hannah mentioned. \"It's also gift for me and for everyone who gets to see you wearing it,\" Hannah empathized, gesturing her hand. \"I'm Zach, by the way.\" Zach... That's a nice name. \"I'm Hannah,\" she told him. \"Hannah!\" I saw Shivers motioning his hand. \"Get away from the window now,\" he ordered. She looked at her father, and then out the window. \"I gotta go.\" She slipped away from the window. \"Good talk.\" By the tone of Zach's voice, I can tell he was being sarcastic. Shivers went over to the window, pushing the curtains away as he gazed down. \"Hi. Hey, we're just moving in.\" Shivers didn't say anything, he just kept on... staring. \"Just... Just me and my mom...\" He squinted his eyes at this Zach person. \"This hat was a gift...\" \"Do you see that fence?\" Shivers asked, pointing outside where the fence is at, separating the two houses. I listen to hear Zach answer his question, only he didn't. \"Do. You. See. The fence?\" he pressed out, like this new neighbor doesn't know English. \"Uh, yes,\" the new neighbor finally answered. \" Stay on your side of it,\" he stated harshly. \"You stay away from my daughter...\" He pointed at Hannah. \"...you stay away from me ...\" He pointed to himself. \"...and we won't have a problem.\" He then closed the curtains roughly, walking away from the window. \"Dad... can I...\" \"No, Hannah,\" he protested sternly. \"You stay away from him.\" \"Can I just say-\" \"I said no , Hannah. You stay away from that boy... or else.\" Those last words sounded like a threat, making my spine shiver. \"Stay away from him...\" \"Uh... Mr. Shivers,\" I piped up. \"Even though you don't want to tell me why the books are locked up... do you have any idea who R.L. Stine could be...?\" \"Uhhh...\" He looked around nervously. \"Oh! Here you go; fifty dollars,\" he practically exclaimed, shoving the money into my hands. \"Thank you?\" I responded in shocked. \"But we agreed on thirty dollars.\" \"I know, so I decided to give you more.\" \"So... you have no idea who Stine could be...?\" \"Bye!\" he declared. I flinched. \"Alright, bye.\" I waved. \"...have a nice day...\" Walking down the steps, I couldn't help to feel a bit angry. Why wouldn't he answer my questions? Why!? The questions about the books being locked and Shivers behavior had them swimming around my head as I made my way to the home, the money in my pockets. As I made way home, I kept thinking about the manuscripts in Shivers' study. For some reason, he's keeping a secret. All I asked is why the books are locked and if he has any idea who Stine could be. I mean, it's not a hard question. And Shivers basically shooed me away. And when I did walked out the door, I... actually wanted to say hi to the new neighbor. Except... I couldn't... Even though he sounds friendly, that never convinces me to say 'Hi' and all that stuff. I mean, I've been through so much that...well... I sighed, picking up the pace as I walked to my home, before stopping for split second. I gazed at a medium sized house... I know this place... My eyebrows narrowed. I kept giving this house an angry look, before continuing my way to my house. My own house. Ignoring the one that I just saw, just for now. No need to worry, I'm not living there anymore. At least I'm away from that... place. By the time I walked into my home, I stored my money away, making a note to go to store later. I walked over to living room, laying myself on the couch on my side, staring at bookshelf filled with Goosebumps books. I had read every single one of them. And... for some reason, they make feel at ease, even though they're creepy books. The books on my bookshelf reminded me of the manuscripts in Shivers' study. Why are those books locked? And... who could Stine possibly be? He disappeared a long time a go. And he did acted... strange. Unusual, to be exact, when I saw his behavior. Is he... keeping a secret...? If he was...then... what is it? Shutting my eyes, I decided to take a short nap, suddenly feeling fatigued for unknown reason. Yeah, just one small nap. Just only for an hour. And maybe... maybe I'll feel more awake... My small nap turned into a deep sleep, and by the time I opened my eyes, it was night time. Oh well, this happens all the time. At least I feel more awake. I glanced at the clock; reading ten p.m. at night. \"I should go for a walk...\" I decided. Since I still have my shoes on, I got up and went up to the front door; opening it. The nightly breeze whipped my hair back gently as I stepped out of the house. It was quite. Very quite. I saw no cars or people. Good... That's just how I wanted to be... all by myself, where nobody has to bother me... I kicked a rock out of my way, putting my hands in my front pockets, walking... just... walking. I walked, and walked, and walked. Walking makes me feel calm and relaxed. I don't know why, but it does. I made a turn, heading towards the woods. I've been here multiple times to get away from everything. Plus I never saw anyone else around here. At least, not once. Thinking about going in another direction I never went, I decided to do that. Just as I was walking, hearing my own footsteps on the dirt ground, I heard voices. \"Come on.\" It sounded like Hannah. I followed the source of her voice, jogging down the path. I stopped, finding myself at a abandoned amusement park with a Funhouse, food carts, rides, and a Ferris wheel. I saw two people up there. One them was Hannah, who is sitting at the top of the Ferris wheel; her feet propped up on the railing, and a boy. From my guess, I believe that's the new neighbor, Zach. I watched as he was making his way over to Hannah, gripping the metal bars of the ride. \"You can do it,\" she encouraged. \"Just don't look down,\" she added. \"I know...\" he answered, being very careful. \"You're not gonna fall.\" Zach chuckled. \"Wasn't planning on it...\" He then managed to reach her, with Hannah waiting for him. \"There you go,\" she praised. \"Hi.\" \"Hi.\" Watching from below, Zach made is way to the seat. \"Alright... so...I'm high off the ground...\" He slowly sat down, facing Hannah. \"It's cool, right?\" she said, sounding proud of herself. \"Yeah...\" I saw Zach gaze at the view. \"It's cool,\" he agreed. \"You can see everything from here.\" \"So... why did you move to Madison?\" Hannah asked. \"Well... my mom said to me: 'Zach, if we can live anywhere around the world, where would it be?' And I said: 'Can we please move to Madison, Delaware...'\" I heard Hannah giggle. \"'...that'd be my dream',\" he answered. She giggled again. \"Are you always this sarcastic?\" That was the questioned that came into my head, too. \"Always?\" Zach thought about it. \"No, that's a strong word. Not always. Usually.\" From below, I saw him sigh. \"I'm sorry,\" Zach apologized. \"It's just, um... It's just me and my mom since my dad died last year, so yeah...\" His dad died...? I felt a bit of sadness, knowing how he feels. Hannah, on the other hand, felt the same way. \"I'm sorry...\" \"I don't really think about it anymore. So what about you?\" It was now his turn to ask questions. I wanted to join them... except... I never like being high off the ground. So I just kept on listening, even though it's rude to eavesdrop. \"Well, I never knew my mom, and we're always moving from one town to the next,\" she said. \"That sucks...\" I heard Zach mutter. \"Hey, can I ask you something really serious, Hannah?\" I wonder what he's going to ask her. From below, I watched Hannah lean in, looking into his eyes. \"Yeah. What?\" I saw Zach glancing at the ground. \"How do we get down?\" There was fear that creeped out of his mouth. Hannah let out a laugh. \"I'm serious,\" he insisted. \"Is there a plan?\" Hannah shook her head, smiling. \"No.\" \"How do you normally get down?\" he asked her. Yeah... how do you get down from that thing? \"You can't. You're stuck,\" she teased. That's when she spotted me. \"Hazel?\" I saw her climb over Zach, before making her way down the Ferris wheel with ease. I also saw Zach doing the same thing, following each step that she took. \"Hazel, what are you doing here?\" she said, coming up to me, with Zach next to her. I noticed her hair was tied back in a ponytail, which she didn't had before when I met her. \"Um... I was taking a walk, until I heard voices. So I followed them, and found myself here, and you guys,\" I explained, gesturing my hand. \"Was I... intruding your...\" \"Oh, no. No. You weren't,\" Zach assured me. \"So you're Hazel? That's a nice name. I can tell why you have that name.\" He went over to me, placing his hand on my shoulder. \"I never-\" \"Don't touch me!\" Immediately, Zach took his hand off of me, startled by my outburst as well as Hannah. \"I'm sorry. It's just... I don't like being touched.\" Zach opened his mouth, but I stopped him. \"And I don't want to talk about why, though,\" I added. \"I understand,\" he assured me, smiling. He saw my expression. \"Are you okay...?\" \"Huh?\" I shook my head. \"Y-Yeah,\" I stuttered. \"I'm always like this...\" \"How come?\" I was about to say something until Hannah spoke up. \"She just said she didn't want to talk about it.\" She then turned to me. \"You want to hang with us tonight?\" she offered, smiling. It took me a minute to reply. \"...sure.\" \"Great!\" she beamed. \"Follow me,\" she then gestured. \"Where are you taking us?\" Zach jogged to keep up with her. Of course I followed, dragging my feet on the ground, making lines in the dirt with my sneakers. \"Hannah, wait up,\" Zach called out. It didn't take long to find out where she was taking us. There, over by a cart, was Hannah, waving for us to come closer. We did so. As we got closer, I saw something in the cart. Something fuzzy, blue, and sticky. Not to mention stale as well. Taking a closer look, I raised a brow. \"Is this... cotton candy?\" I questioned, not wanting to touch it. Hannah grinned. \"That's right. Would you like some?\" \"Um...\" I took a step back. \"No, thank you...\" I shook my head. \"I don't eat... expired food...\" \"That's fine.\" She turned to Zach. \"What about you?\" she said, pointing at him. \"Are you going to have some?\" Her eyes seemed to be daring him to do it. \"Uh...sure. I'll... I'll take a small bite...\" He reached in a took a small peace of fuzzy, blue cotton candy, and put it in his mouth. I shivered, but he seemed to enjoy it, so I didn't complain. He kept eating it. From what I'm guessing, I believe that he likes her, and wants to impress her, just like all guys do these days. \"We should get home,\" she advised, looking around as if we're being watched. \"Yeah...\" Zach nodded, agreeing. I agreed, too. \"Yeah... we should get home...\" \"Come on.\" Hannah led us out of the forest. \"Wow,\" Hannah said a short while later. \"I still can't believe you ate that cotton candy,\" she remarked. \"And you know what's scary?\" Zach brought up. \"It actually tasted... kind of fine.\" We reached the fence that separated the two houses. I glanced at Zach, who is rubbing the back of his head. \"So, uh, thanks for tonight,\" he thanked. \"That was the least terrible time I've had here...\" \"Oh, Zach,\" she gushed, putting her hand on her chest. \"That's so sweet...\" Just like with Zach, it seems that she likes him just as he likes her. \"That's... I... Really...\" \"Okay.\" She went over a broken part of the fence, lifting up the loose board. Before she could go through to make her way to her home, Zach spoke up. \"Hey, Hannah.\" Hannah turned to him as I waited to see what he has to say next. \"I'm... I'm gonna take out the trash on Tuesdays and Thursdays. So you know, if you want to creep up on someone... that works for me.\" I saw his cheeks turned pink. \"Alright. I'll keep that in mind, scaredy-cat,\" she smirked. \"Hannah!\" a voice suddenly said. It was Shivers. \"What are you doing out here?\" he demanded. \"I'm so sorry...\" Hannah apologized to her dad. \"Get in the house,\" he told her. Hannah stepped through the broken part of the fence, moving the loose board out of the way. Shivers poked his head out, his eyes locked on Zach. \"This is your last warning,\" he said. \"You stay away from us, or something really bad will happen.\" \"What do you mean?\" I replied. \"You don't need to know,\" he answered. He looked back at Zach. \"Stay away from us,\" he warned again. \"Stay away from my daughter and me, and we won't have a problem.\" \"I believe you...\" Zach responded. Shivers got away from the fence as he made his way back to the house. Zach gazed at me. \"You should get home before your parents find out your gone.\" \"I don't have parents anymore.\" Zach opened his mouth, and I knew what he was going to ask. \"Yes, I know what you are about to say, but I don't want to talk about it. Okay?\" \"Okay... that's alright with me,\" he nodded. \"Bye,\" he waved. \"...bye...\" I waved back. \"Have a... nice night.\" \"Same goes for you,\" he smiled. We both parted ways, making our way to our homes. At home, I began to make myself something to eat. Even though I don't have much in the fridge, I found some stuff to make a sandwich. As I was eating, my mind suggest that I should take another walk after I do some reading. By the time I was done, I went over my bookshelf and took out a copy of Legend Of The Lost Legend . I made my way over to the couch and sat down, opening to the first chapter. \" Justin Clarke tugged at his gloves under the sleeves of his heavy blue parka …\" I began to read out loud, using the reading lamp that was next to me on the table to provide some light, since I keep the curtains closed at all times. When I finished, I grabbed another book, then another, then another, then another, until I grabbed Night Of The Living Dummy . Hmm... I can read this one later... for now I should take another walk. One last walk for the night before I hit to bed. I put my shoes back on, making my way out the door. I looked up at the sky with dark clouds looming over my head. There were no stars... no moon. Possibly hiding behind the clouds. My shoes thudded with each step I took. Until I found myself at the fence that separated both Zach and Hannah's houses. I was about to keep going when I heard both Shivers and Hannah inside, having me walk to the side of the fence, standing at the side of Zach's house, and to look up to see their shadows walking around, indicating me that it was them. I listened to their conservation... and it did not sound good at all... \"Dad, it's not a big deal,\" I heard Hannah tell him. \"Hannah, you have to understand...\" I heard Shivers trying to reason with her. \"I don't have to understand anything!\" Hannah raised her voice from inside the house. \"We were just talking,\" she exclaimed. \"Why can't I have friends?\" \"You know why !\" I stepped back when I heard him yell. \"That's not fair!\" Hannah protested in a shrill voice. \"You can't keep me lock up all the time.\" \"You are never allowed to see that boy ever again!\" Shivers kept on yelling at his daughter \" Do you understand me?! \" His tone sounded more terrifying then I've ever heard. \"EVER!\" \"Dad, please calm down...\" Her shrill voice turned into a plea. \"No!\" Suddenly, I saw her cowering in fear as she let out a horrifying scream as I heard a crash, the lights going out, making my heart race in my chest, both my hands twitching from what I had witness. Is her dad doing what I think he is doing? No! It can't be! I then heard a door slam open, and saw Zach running full speed to the other house next door. And wanting to know what he's going to do, I went after him, but stayed away from the house, standing outside of the fence, watching Zach frantically knocking on the door. \"What? What?\" Shivers opened the door halfway, holding it. \"I heard a scream,\" Zach told him, his voice sounding concerned. \"Is Hannah okay?\" he asked, which turns out that I wasn't the only one who heard her scream. \"There was no scream,\" he stated, looking at the boy with an eerie look in his eyes. \"You didn't hear anything. Get out of here, or the last scream you'll hear will be your own.\" He then slammed the door shut. \"No. Wait... Wait...\" He then began pounding the door, anger rising in his chest. \"Let me see Hannah!\" he screamed in rage. \"I need to see if she's okay! Let me in the house, you psychopath!\" He kept on pounding the door, louder and louder. \"I said-!\" \"Get away from the door, NOW!\" Shivers screeched into the kid's face, startling him. \"You are NOT seeing my daughter, EVER! Do you understand me?! I'm warning you!\" He didn't give the boy a chance to speak as he slammed the door once again. Zach stood there for minute, stunned, before turning around and spotted me. \"Hazel, did you saw what happened?\" he asked. \"...yeah...\" I said, glancing at the house. \"...I saw it, too...\" \"Yeah.\" Zach looked worried. \"I'm going to tell my mom and call the cops on this... this... idiot who calls himself a father .\" \"Good luck...\" I told him. He nodded and headed back into his house. My eyes kept staring at the house, questions bouncing around in my head. What happened to Hannah? Why does he have those manuscripts in his study? Why did he looked nervous when I asked him if he knew who Stine was? Why did he say that there was no scream? The questions are left with no answers... I couldn't come up with anything. What is going on in that house? Soon I found out... Note: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. And... yeah. My chapter name doesn't sound... great. I'll do my best to put better chapter titles for each chapter. Please review![Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Monster On The Loose The leaves bristled in the nightly, cool air, as I was making my way to the amusement park. I don't know why, though. But I think it's best to stay out of the way when the cops come to Shivers' house. And... to be honest... I don't want to be around him anymore, nor do any house chores for both him and his daughter. Zach is right. Shivers really is a psychopath. He reminds me of... I went over to one of the wooden tables and sat down, resting my head on my arms that are on the tabletop, my eyelids halfway down as I stared straight ahead of me, looking at the Funhouse. I kept staring at it. If it was a Funhouse, then it wouldn't look... creepy. I sat up, brushing my hair back, getting off bench that was attached to the table, walking around some more, exploring more of the place, seeing more rides. I went over to one of them, pressing the buttons. Nothing. None of these rides work anymore. I wonder why it was shut down. Did they run out of money? If so, how can you if run an amusement park? I bet it was a great place... for friends and family. Not wanting to explore this old park anymore, I made my way back out of the woods, making my way to Shivers' house. I felt like I need to get in his face and tell me why he was hurting Hannah, who is his only daughter. And the more steps I took, the angrier I felt. \"Do you have any idea what the penalty is for filling in a false police report?\" I heard someone demanded as I reached the house, but stopped where I was at. That's where I saw Shivers, Zach, two cops; one male and one female, and another lady. I'm guessing the other lady is Zach's mom. \"Three years,\" the female cop declared. \"Close,\" the male cop said. \"But it's actually a written warning,\" he corrected. Wait... they thought that Zach was... lying...? Boy, these cops are stupid. \"Hold on, hold on. Mom, tell me you don't believe him,\" Zach pointed at Shivers, who had a sly smirk on his face. \"Surround sound? Seriously? \" he questioned. Surround sound...? \"I heard Hannah scream, mom. Hannah is in that house! She didn't move to London, and she certainly does not have a mother. Don't listened to what he says. Hannah is in the house, and-\" \"Zach, enough.\" Clearly his own mother didn't believe a word her own son was telling her. \"Go home.\" Not wanting to argue, Zach went to back to the house, slamming the door in the process. His mom gave the officers an apologizing look. \"Oh, officers. I'm so sorry...\" \"It's alright, ma'am,\" the male cop assured. \"I feel like we should recommend a good treatment center for your son.\" He looked at the house that is next Shivers', rubbing his chin. \"Yeah... that kid's on drugs...\" \"That kid's on drugs,\" his partner agreed, nodding. \"He is not on drugs!\" All five adults saw me standing outside of the open gate. \"He is not on drugs!\" I repeated, going over to them. I gave each of them an angry look. I looked at Zach's mom. \"How can you not believe your own son?\" I demanded. I didn't give her a chance to answer me, and if she tells me her name, I don't care. I then turned to the cops. \"Why did you think he's on drugs? By the looks of it, it didn't seem like you checked for evidence to see if Hannah's alright or not. And Hannah is in the house when I was doing some chores for him.\" I pointed at her so called father. The female cop opened her mouth to say something. \"I don't want to hear it,\" I declared. I then gave Shivers a hateful look. \"And you... I know what you did to her...\" I faced away from them. \"I'm going to check to see if Zach's okay. This is why some adults are stupid these days.\" I walked away from them, going over to Zach's house. I knocked on the door, and it opened. \"Oh... Hey, Hazel,\" he greeted once he answered it. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Is it okay if I come in...?\" I asked. \"Um... sure...I guess.\" He let me inside. \"So... you saw everything...that happened in there...?\" \"Yes, I can't believe no one believed you. I mean...\" I squeezed my eyes shut. \"...why wouldn't they? And your mom... she didn't believe you, either.\" I was both angry and upset at the same time. \"And she's your mom. Also... are you okay?\" \"I know... no one is going to believe us... And yeah, I'm... I'm fine...\" Zach sighed. \"Want me to give you a tour of the house?\" he asked. \"We are still moving in, so you're going to see some boxes with stuff in them.\" \"Sure...okay...\" I shrugged. The tour of the house seems nice. I think Zach wants me to be his friend. He is friendly... only, what if he was just pretending? What if Hannah was pretending, too? That thought stayed in my head when we got to Zach's bedroom. It was a nice, looking room. There was a desk, a bed, a rug on the floor, and posters on the walls. Even some other things. His backpack hung from one of the straps of the chair that is in front of his desk. \"I like your room...\" I commented, walking to each poster, observing them. \"Thanks...\" Zach replied, sitting on his bed. We didn't talk for a long while. \"Hey, Hazel, mind if I ask you something?\" he said. \"Yeah, sure, go ahead,\" I allowed. \"This the second time I saw you this night, and...um...well... I haven't seen you smile. Even when you were hanging out with me and Hannah at the old, abandoned amusement park. We were both having a great time, and... you didn't seem to enjoy it like we did...\" He sighed again. \"...all I wanted to know is... how come I never seen you smile?\" His question struck me in the chest. I wasn't offended by his question. I was just... surprised that he that he asked me that. \"...I used to be happy; smiling all the time, but...\" It was my turn to sigh. \"I like I said... I don't want to talk about... Maybe... Maybe I'm not ready... I'll... I'll tell my story someday. And if Hannah ask, I'll tell her the same thing...\" Tears obscured my eyes, and I quickly dried them with my shirt. \"And if you have any other... friends... I'll... I'll...just tell them someday, too.\" My eyes finally dried away. \"And the reason I don't want to tell it is because...it's... awful...\" My voice almost cracked. \"...and it's...very upsetting... story.\" \"I understand. You can take your time. No need to rush,\" he replied, before we heard footsteps outside the upstairs hallway. Then, we saw his mom walked into the room, and she saw me. \"Oh, it's you,\" she said, smiling a bit. \"What's your name, sweetheart?\" \"Hazel,\" I answered even though I didn't feel like it, and I even though I didn't want to ask her this, but I did. \"What's your name?\" \"Gale Cooper,\" she introduced. \"I see you met Zach here.\" \"Yeah, and how come you don't believe your own son?\" I brought up again. \"Hazel, it's fine,\" Zach spoke up. \"Just... don't worry about it.\" He looked up at Gale. \"What do you want, mom?\" he asked. \"I called aunt Lorraine to come watch you for tonight while I'm chaperoning the Fall Formal Dance at the Madison High School,\" she told him with a firm look. \"Okay... thanks for telling me, mom,\" Zack replied. Gale then left the room. I drummed my fingers on the desk. \"Your mom works at the high school?\" \"Yeah.\" Zach shook his head up and down. \"She's the new Vice Principal.\" \"Oh.\" I flicked my hair a little. \"That's... cool.\" \"Zach!\" It was a women's voice from downstairs. Zach got off of his bed. \"It's aunt Lorraine...\" He stopped at the doorway, looking at me. \"Want to meet her?\" \"Yeah... okay,\" I said. He took me down to the kitchen where I saw a lady sitting at the table on her phone. She looked up to see her nephew, giving out a bright smile. \"Hey there, handsome boy,\" she said in a happy tone. \"And who is this?\" \"Hazel,\" I told her, answering for Zach. \"You're Lorraine... right?\" I asked. \"That's me.\" She kept on giving that bright, wonderful smile that is on her face. She looks like one of those happy, cheery people. \"It's good thing that Zach has a friend.\" \"Yeah... it's great...\" I still think that both Hannah and Zach are just pretending, though. Lorraine did a slight frown. \"Is something wrong...? You look... sad...\" she pointed out. \"...I'm always like this...\" I stared at the floor. \"But... I don't want to talk about why I feel this way...\" \"Oh, alright, well, why don't you two sit down at the table with me.\" We did so, and she began telling about her date that she had, looking through her phone again as she told us this story. Only we didn't pay much attention to it all. \"...So we went out to get sushi on Wednesday. And we both ordered the chicken teriyaki, and it was like, 'it's fate'. And I haven't heard him since, you know? Which was a bummer, because I really like him. He didn't laugh at any of my jokes, but I felt something was there...\" I put my hand my cheek, my elbow on the tabletop. Zach had his head down slightly. \"I don't know,\" she continued. \"Not like I even care.\" With the corner of my eye, I watched her shrugged her shoulders. \"It's like... whatever. I should listen to my psychic...\" She has a psychic...? For what? \"She says, 'Stop dating losers, and never go on a plane'.\" I understand the first part. But... the second part? Not to go on plane? Wow, she has a strange psychic. \"I knew it,\" Lorraine kept on going. She looked up from her phone, putting it on the table. \"You think he's playing hard to get?\" she asked. I breathed out of my nose. \"Yes...\" I was getting bored of this story, and so was Zach. \"Oh, so you believe he's playing hard to get?\" She looked down at the table. \"Or the more likely a scenario: He lost his phone in, like, a fire,\" she theorized. She stopped to think about. \"Yeah, he lost his phone.\" \"Yeah, I do too,\" Zach manage to speak up. \"You know, I...\" He got up from the table, and his aunt lifted her head up. \"I totally forgot. I have a test on Monday that I gotta study for. So... I'm gonna do that all night, and... defiantly don't come into my room,\" he advised. I read his face. I know what he is up to. \"Yeah, see you,\" he waved, and he walked up to his room to 'study'. \"Night, sweetie.\" Lorraine then sat there. \"But you know what?\" she said. \"I'm just gonna a call him.\" She picked up her phone. \"Now I'm worried that he's dead.\" As she was about to call her date, I got up from the table, scratching at the back of my neck. \"I'm... I'm going to help him study,\" I told her, wondering she can pick up my lie. \"So yeah... like Zach said, don't come into the room.\" \"Alright, dear.\" She didn't lift her head up, so she hadn't been paying attention to what I just said. With that, I made my way up to his room. When I got there, he had his phone in his hand. \"What are you going to do?\" I wondered. \"I'm going to call him, pretending to be the cops,\" he explained. \"Then, call Champ to meet us at the fence.\" He then dialed Shivers' number. We heard the phone ring and ring, until it was picked up. \"Hello?\" Shivers voice spoke through the phone. \"Uh, hi,\" Zach began in a police-like voice. \"We want to talk about the domestic disturbance that happened tonight. Mind if you come of you come to the station?\" he said. There was a pause on the other end. \"Sure, I'll be there,\" he replied. Zach put his phone on his shoulder, giving a wink and a thumbs up, telling me that the plan is working. He put the phone back against his ear. \"Thank you, sir. We'll see you there. Bye.\" He hung up. \"Plan is set,\" he declared. \"Now I just need call Champ, tell him to meet us, and we're ready.\" \"Who's 'Champ'?\" I asked. \"A weird kid that I met at school,\" Zach answered my questioned, dialing another phone number. Just like the first time, the phone rang from the other end. \"Hey,\" a voice said, sounding relaxed. \"Who is it?\" \"Champ, it's me; Zach. Some girls are coming over; they'll be waiting for us at fence on Monroe, Fifty-Five Main Street for us to take them to the dance.\" \"Okay, cool.\" I heard this 'Champ' guy getting all excited. \"I'll be there in twenty minutes,\" he promised. The phone went off, and Zach put it in his pocket of his hoodie. \"I can't believe that actually worked,\" he mused. \"Zach, you do realize he's going to see me with you. What are you going to say to him for that?\" I questioned. \"Don't worry about, I'll explain it to him why he had to meet us,\" he responded. \"Now let's go.\" He went over to the window and opened it, before climbing down the tree that was next to it. After he came to the ground, he motioned me to follow him. I took a deep breath, climbing out of the window and, not looking down, made my way to the ground. Like I said, I don't like being up high. \"Come on.\" He kept on motioning his hand for me to keep on following him. We then stopped by the fence where there is sturdy trash bin. \"Now we wait for this strange kid,\" he said. \"How come he's strange and weird?\" I asked as we waited for him. \"You'll see,\" he replied. \"And speaking of Champ, there he is.\" He pointed behind me, and I saw a boy, grinning, as he straightened out his suit, brushing the sleeves of it as well. He also had a tie on, too. \"Hey, hey, hey.\" Zach waved his hands to get his attention. \"Over here,\" he whispered loud enough for Champ to hear him. Champ ran up to us. \"Wait,\" he said, \"how is this going to work? Are you my wingman, or am I yours?\" He gazed up and down at Zach's clothes. \"Is that what you're wearing to the dance?\" \"I gotta tell you something,\" Zach replied, ignoring his questioned. \"Get down.\" He pulled us to the ground. \"Dude, no. This is a new suit,\" Champ told him once we lowered ourselves slightly to the ground. Boy, he's kinda of a whiner. Not only he's strange and weird, but he's also a whiner, just like little kids when they act like that when they want a toy, except their parent won't buy it, and they whine for it. \"Get off.\" He pushed Zach's hand off his shoulder. \"Where are the girls?\" he asked. \"Uh, yeah, I just said that to get you over here,\" Zach admitted. \"I need your help with something.\" \"So there are no girls?\" \"Well, there is one girl...\" \"Oh! My man!\" Champ declared happily, a wide grin on his face. \"Shh!\" Zach shushed, putting his index finger to his lips. \"What? What?\" he said, then pointed at me. \"Is it her?\" \"Actually... no,\" I replied. \"We are not... boyfriend and girlfriend... just friends.\" I hope we are friends... \"It's a different girl; Hannah.\" \"Yeah, but she's locked up in this house, and her dad's a psychopath,\" Zach also said next. Champ looked at us. \"Does she have a friend?\" Zach shook his head. \"No,\" he stated. \"We're serious,\" I responded. \"And we're not kidding.\" \"You know,\" Champ brought up, \"besides her and this girl named Hannah, you said there were going to be girls... and not only there are no girls, but there's also a psychopath... and I'm in a suit.\" He showed us his suit, before saying anything else. \"How do you know this guy's gonna leave?\" \"Zach called him and pretended to the cops,\" I explained. \"And he asked him to come to the police station.\" The awkward teen looked over at Zach. \"You can get in trouble for that,\" he told him. \"Actually, it's just a written warning.\" Zach then pulled us to the ground, having us on our hands and knees, only Champ didn't seem too fond about it as he started whining again, only slightly this time. \"Dude. This wet dirt, dude. My pants are gonna get muddied.\" He pointed at the ground. \"Who cares if they get dirt on them?\" I was getting annoyed by this kid. \"It'll come out of the wash.\" \"But it's dry-clean only,\" he mumbled, not whining anymore. \"Whatever.\" I rolled my eyes. Zach slowly stood up, and we did the same, peaking our eyes over the fence. He pointed. \"He's right there.\" We saw Shivers walk out of his house to his car. \"Whoa...\" Champ breathed out. We waited for him to get in the car. We watched him; spying him, as he opened the driver's side, getting into his vehicle. He started the car, getting off the driveway, and onto the road, heading to the police station, just like Zach had planned. \"Alright, let's go.\" Zach climbed on the trash bin, going over the fence. I also did the same, landing with ease. \"Come on,\" I ushered Champ from the other side. \"Okay, okay.\" I heard him get on the trash bin. \"Ow!\" he screamed, failing at jumping over the fence, landing flat on his stomach and face. He got up, brushing his suit, getting it smoothed down. \"Dudes, my dry-cleaning bill's gonna be ridiculous,\" he muttered. Zach rolled his eyes. \"Just come on.\" We went over to the basement door that was across from us. Zach took out a safety pin and began picking at the lock that kept the door closed. A second later, there was a click . Champ had this impressed look on his face. \"Whoa...\" he expressed out. \"Where'd you learn that? New York?\" \"No,\" Zach answered. \"YouTube.\" He blinked, knowing what he meant. \"Oh.\" Zach undid the lock, opening the door wide open. He took out his flashlight, clicking it on, revealing stairs going down into the basement. Zach turned to over to Champ. \"Okay, stay out here and watch the driveway,\" he instructed. I saw worried look on Champ's face. \"Wait here by myself? Out in the dark?\" This time, Zach was getting annoyed by him. \"Yes, Champ, your the lookout,\" he repeated. \"Me and Hazel are going to check on Hannah to see what happened to her.\" \"So if Shivers comes back, give us a sign like...\" I made some owl noises. \"Got it?\" I said. \"Okay,\" Champ replied, \"just to be clear, if I sense any danger, I will run the other way.\" Me and Zach looked at each other, shaking our heads. He's not going to be very helpful, is he? \"Just watch the driveway, okay? That's all you have to do.\" I can't believe that Zach hired him. So I let it slide, not wanting to complain. \"Ready?\" I waited for Zach's answer. \"Let's go.\" After he answered, we made our way down the steps, the light helping us see through the darkness. \"Whoa!\" Zach cried out when a cuckoo clock sprang out a yellow bird, making me yelp out. I looked around the basement. It was pretty creepy... It sent a chill down my spine, and my hand twitched with nervousness. \"Where are we...?\" I asked Zach, even though we were in the basement. \"It feels like we're in a torture chamber...\" I shivered. \"That's what I was thinking...\" His flashlight shined around the room. Suddenly, we felt something like hands on our shoulders. We both cried out, and turned to see Champ in the room with us. \"What the hell, man?\" Zach exclaimed, waving his hands around, the light from the flashlight bouncing around. \"You were suppose to be on the lookout,\" he told him, mad that he couldn't stay in one spot. \"Yeah, and I don't like to be touched,\" I snipped, mad at Champ as well. \"Sorry, didn't know,\" he muttered. \"It's fine.\" I pointed out the door. \"Now go back out there and be the lookout.\" \"And that's gonna change,\" he refused, ignoring what I told him to do. \"I'll just be the lookout, you know, in hear.\" \"No, no.\" Zach shook his head. \"By definition, you have to be out... looking.\" \"Yeah, now go on,\" I said. \"Let me explain something to you, Zacharias and Hazel,\" he began. \"You know how they say teenagers have no fear of death? That they are not going to get hurt? Well, not me, okay?\" He pointed at himself. \"I was born with a gift of fear . I remember being four, being pushed on the swing, thinking: 'This is how it ends'.\" He waved his arms dramatically. \"You're not gonna die,\" I reassured him, suddenly feeling bad for him. \"Alright.\" \"Yeah,\" Zach said next. \"At least... not today.\" \"See, its going to be okay,\" I kept reassuring him. \"It's gonna be okay.\" \"Yeah, your right,\" he agreed as he calmed down. \"Okay.\" \"I'm being ridiculous...\" He put his hands on his hips, before looking over us. \"Oh, bear traps.\" Not knowing what he meant at first, Zach and I turned, and saw what Champ was talking about. Zach shined on each one with his flashlight. \"Who puts bear traps in their basement...? I mean, seriously.\" \"I have no idea,\" I shook my head. \"I understand that some people have a rat or mice problem, but this... this is ridiculous.\" \"Let's go.\" We ignored Champ as me and him carefully stepped over each bear trap, avoiding them. \"Let's go outside where it's safe. Where there is no bear traps...\" \"It's fine,\" I told him. \"Just step over them and you'll be fine.\" For some reason, sadness fell over me as we kept avoiding the bear traps with each step. I was worried about Hannah, and so was Zach. I hope... I hope she doesn't have any bruises... I know how it feels to... Just then I heard some spitting. I turned my head and saw that Champ had walked right through an old cobweb. \"I think I swallowed some web...\" he complained, getting pieces of cobweb off his suit once we made it out of the basement. \"Guys, this way. Come on, come on. Up there.\" Zach waved his hand to follow him. \"Oh...\" Champ said nervously. We made our way up the stairs. I can't believe I'm back at this psychopath's house. Zach then held out his hand when we heard a creak sound, stopping us. \"Did you hear that?\" he said, pointing at the study. \"It's coming from in there,\" he whispered. He opened the door. \"Hannah?\" he called out softly. \"That's weird... It's like the noise is coming from the bookcase...\" He walked up to it. \"Well, it is an old house...\" Champ told him, going over the bookshelf, too, with me going over to them. \"Whoa. Check this out. The Scarecrow Walks At Midnight... The Ghost Next Door... Night Of The Living Dummy . These are all Goosebumps manuscripts.\" He basically did the same thing that I did when I was over here hours ago, only reading different titles then the ones I read. \"What is he doing with a bunch of kids' books?\" Zach looked at each one of them. Champ gave his small, surprise look. \"These are kids' books. Okay?\" he told him. \"Kids books help you fall asleep. These books will keep you up all night .\" He took out one of manuscripts, reading the label. \"R.L. Stine... what ever happened to that guy...\" \"Uh, who knows?\" Zach said. \"He disappeared one day. Does that really matter?\" \"I actually wanted know who Stine is...\" I drummed my fingers on the desk, my sadness now lifting off my chest. \"Let's go,\" he urged. Only Champ read the title of the book he was holding. \" The Abominable Snowman Of Pasadena . My grandma lives in Pasadena, and I stopped visiting her after reading this book.\" \"Okay. We're not here for book club.\" Zach took the book out Champ's hand, going to put back, when he took it out of his hand. \"I know, but... why are these books locked?\" he wondered. \"Forget about it. Just put the book back,\" I said. \"But I want to know why they're lock,\" he protested. \"I mean... who would lock a book? Maybe there's like... a key or something we can unlock it with.\" Both me and Zach were getting annoyed, and we both saw a key on the desk under clear glass object, that has a thin, black string attached to it. Zach took the key in his fingers. \"Okay, if it really matters that much, look at this.\" He put the key into the clasps, turned it, and they came apart. \"Alright? Mystery solved. Let's go back to why...\" \"Look out!\" I cried. All three of hit the floor, avoiding the bat that almost hit our heads from a figure that came into the room. Then the lights switched on, revealing to be Hannah, the bat in her hands. She wasn't shocked to see me since we already met. But is surprise to see Zach and Champ, as I got up off the floor. \"Zach?\" she questioned. \"Hey, Hannah...\" Zach spoke awkwardly, getting up off the floor, too, Champ doing the same thing. \"What are you doing in my house?\" Hannah asked. \"I thought you were...chained up... possibly...\" he answered. \"And maybe... beat up,\" I added. Hannah gave us a confused look on her face, as if we were crazy. \"Why did you two think that?\" \"Because we heard you scream, and then I called the...\" He trailed off. \"...police.\" \"Okay, three of you need to go right now,\" she said, pointing out of the room. \"Hey!\" I exclaimed. \"I was in here when I did those chores that Shivers offered me.\" \"That doesn't matter, all three of you need to go. My dad will be home any minute now,\" she replied, still holding the bat in her hand. I scanned her. No markings... So why did she scream bloody murder like that? \"Yeah... we should get home before he comes back.\" Zach agreed with me. \"Okay. Yeah.\" We both went to leave when Champ held up his hand. \"Wait. One... one second.\" We stopped and Champ smiled at Hannah. \"Hi. Hi, I'm Champ. Nice to meet you,\" he greeted. \"Hey, we're going to semiformal dance together,\" Champ told her, gesturing at Zach, who rolled his eyes. \"And you know, you should come and invite a friend...\" He paused. \"I really don't care what she looks like.\" \"Did you unlock a book?\" Hannah then asked. \"Yeah. I did. I'm sorry,\" Zach admitted. \"It's around here somewhere. I just dropped it. And I'll put it back where it belongs, and we'll be out of your hair...\" He looked around bit, finding the book in front of him. \"Here it is...\" He went to pick it up the book, grabbing the front cover of the manuscript. \"No! Don't open it!\" she shouted. But it was too late. The book flew out of his hand, landing in the middle of the floor. \"No!\" She went to grab it, and a burst of strong wind knocked us to the ground. I watched as I saw ink create a tornado, the lights flickering in the room. The ink began to form into something. Something huge. A roar came, revealing an Abominable Snowman... The Abominable Snowman?! Its head pressed against the ceiling, making cracks on the plaster above it. The wind died down and the lights stopped flickering. The Abominable Snowman had his hands on the broken ceiling, then putting them down, going over to one of the lights that was hanging on the ceiling in front of it. It tapped it, making it swing forward then back, hitting it on the nose, making the white, fury creature flinch. It then turn to see a deer head mounded on the wall, going over to, and examined it, being very curious. As he was doing that, I looked at the other three. Hannah sat there calmly, Zach was beyond shock like I was, and for Champ, he had a horrified look on his face, backing away. Zach's eyes switched to Hannah. \"What's going on?\" he barely whispered. \"Yeah, what's going on?\" I whispered softly, too, pointing at the Abominable Snowman, almost mouthing the words. \"Nobody make a sound,\" she warned in a hushed voice. Suddenly, there was a loud smash. All three of us turned and saw that Champ knocked over a lamp. The creature also saw him, and not able to hold it in, Champ let out a terrifying scream. The Abominable Snowman roared angrily, hitting the light with full force, having it detached from the ceiling. It sailed towards the bookcase, knocking the books down. I saw it charge at Champ, still roaring. \"Get out of the way!\" I yelled at the awkward teen. He kept on screaming. Zach immediately got off the floor, tackling Champ to the ground. The thing burst out the window, and we heard it roaring from outside. \"My dad's gonna kill me...\" Grabbing the book, Hannah got out of the room, with us following her. \"Wait!\" Champ began calling out. \"Zach! Hazel! Wait! Wait!\" he hollered from behind us, as we made our way out of the house. However, before we even ran out of the study and out of the house, I thought I heard click sound... \"Hannah. Hannah, wait.\" Zach stopped her by grabbing her arm who jerked it free. \"Go home, you three,\" she exclaimed. \"You're all in over your heads.\" \"You mind telling us what's going on?\" he asked, after experiencing what had happened in the study room. \"No, I can't explain it, I have to go.\" Hannah ran off with the book in her hand. Zach went after her, only Champ tried to hold him back. \"Zach. Wait. Wait.\" He tried to plant his feet on the pavement, and tried to slow him down. \"Come on. Listen. Stop. Stop. Stop.\" \"Dude, what are you doing?\" He continued walking, Champ's feet sliding on the road, who was now not standing up straight. \"Dude. Dude, get off me.\" He managed to get free from Champ's grip. \"Listen to me very carefully, dude,\" he said. \"That's The Abominable Snowman Of Pasadena ,\" he explained, fear in his voice. \"You don't get that nickname by accident... And it just crawled out of a book. That just doesn't happen, Zach!\" \"I'm going after Hannah,\" Zach protested. He chased after her, leaving us behind. I started to walk, paused, and turned to Champ. \"Are you coming...?\" I asked. \"Hazel, I read what it did to Pasadena...\" he whimpered, sweating a bit. \"It's no joke, man.\" \"...yeah...\" Like before, a wave of sadness came of me, my depression coming up again. Champ seemed to noticed. \"How come you look... sad...?\" I sighed. \"I used to smile... but... I don't want to talk about it. And before you ask, I don't have any real parents...\" I sighed again. \"At least... Not anymore...\" \"Do you...?\" he started to ask, and I nodded. \"Yes, but... I don't want to talk about it. I even told Zach that I'll tell my story someday... Only when I'm ready. Now come.\" I began walking, then stopped. \"We should get to Hannah. You just... run up ahead.\" \"...Alright,\" he nodded, concerned about me. I made a shooing motion with my hand, telling him that I'll be there. And once he was out of my sight, I went back to walking, my head hanging down. Why can't I smile anymore...? I mean, I used to do it all the time, but... ever since... My depression switched to anger. I was so angry that I went over to the fence, punching it. I grunted in pain. Then I made my way to the place that I believe where the Abominable Snowman will be at. The ice rink... My footsteps echoed into the building when I arrived. My sadness and anger faded away, just as I found Zach and Champ standing out on the other side of the ice rink. \"What is she gonna do, read it a story?\" Champ asked. Zach stepped into the rink with Champ by his side. I felt like I should go there as well, but I just stood at the entrance way, a voice talking into my head. Why are you with these people? You don't even HAVE friends. They're just going to be using you. But... what if they're not? They seemed... Friendly? Ha! Don't waste your breath, kid. You know what happens when you hang out with people. Nobody wants to be your friend. I'm going to find out myself. And if they are just pretending... I don't know what to do with my life. We'll see about that... The voice hissed. I took a deep breath, letting out with a whoosh , making my way over to them, and Zach was next to Hannah, while me and Champ are on the other side of her. Zach looked behind him, before saying something. \"Hannah?\" he said. \"What is happening? How did that thing just popped out of a book?\" \"Shh!\" she shushed him. \"It's in here...\" She kept the book in front of her, waiting for it. That's when Champ had an idea. \"Hey, we should get a gun,\" he suggested. \"Are you kidding? A gun...?\" I rolled my eyes. \"Great plan, Champ,\" I spoke in a sarcastic manner. \"A gun will be great... Only the problem is... where are we going to find any guns?\" I asked. \"Yeah,\" Zach replied. \"We need a tank.\" \"Wait... He's made out of snow...\" Champ realized. Wow... when did you figure that out? He's a white, hairy ape that is the size of... something. \"So... what are you guys going to use to kill it?\" I crossed my arms. \"That thing is like... five hundred feet tall.\" They both answered what things they're gonna use to kill it at the same time. \"Flamethrower.\" \"Bag of salt.\" I scoffed a bit. \"Flamethrower.\" \"Let's just use a bag of salt on that thing...\" \"Quite, \" Hannah made Champ shut up. \"He can't be killed.\" Can't be killed? Then something clattered on the icy floor. Zach went over it to as we did the same. All three of kneeled down. It was a red skittle... Zach picked it up. \"It's candy...\" he observed. Another candy fell in front of us, then more. We slowly look up and saw vending machine coming down our way. \"Look out!\" he cried out. We all jumped back, landing harshly on the floor. The Abominable Snowman came into view when it landed on the vending machine. We all watched as he took out a... candy bar? It unwrapped the candy bar, putting the candy, which is chocolate, into its mouth. It had a happy smile on its face. \"It likes sweets...?\" I said, watching that thing take out another candy bar, opening it, then ate the other one. I guess it likes both trail mix and candy. Not wasting anytime, we picked ourselves up. \"Come on, it's distracted.\" Zach looked down at Hannah, who began to stand up slowly. \"Hannah, come on, let's go.\" He and Champ grabbed her arms, getting her off the floor. \"No, what are you doing?\" She found herself being dragged away, her feet sliding, as Zach and Champ kept holding onto each of her arms, the book in her hand. \"Get off. No. Stop it!\" she demanded, struggling to get free as they led her to entrance. \"No, you don't understand... The only way to stop them is to suck them back into the book,\" she tried to tell them. Suck them into the book...? Is that why it can't be killed? \"Let go. I need to get it back inside the book.\" \"Just drop the book and let it suck itself in,\" Champ quickly said, wanting to get away from the creature as possible. \"No, I'm not close enough.\" Breaking free, she held the book in front of her again, the clasps clicking open. The Abominable Snowman heard the sound as it stared at Hannah. Slowly, he got off the vending machine, stomping towards her. \"What are doing? Open the book,\" Champ began to panic. \"Just wait...\" Hannah kept her stance. It came closer and closer, faster and faster. \"Hannah, open the book.\" Zach also started panicking. \"Not yet...\" She didn't open the book, and that thing got even more closer. \"Hannah!\" they both screamed. \"Now!\" she cried, opening book. \"Ahh!\" But before she could open it all the way, the creature smacked it out of her hands, as Champ pulled her out of the way, while Zach went to the opposite direction, all three of them landing on the floor, as I quickly backed away, almost falling down. \"The book...\" She got up from the floor. \"Hannah, what are you doing?\" She ignored me, running to get the book. \"Hannah!\" Zach got up off the floor, going after her. He then stopped, seeing Hannah getting closer to the book. \"Huh?\" A look of fear came to him when the Abominable Snowman went after her. \"No...\" Roaring, the Abominable Snowman stopped, raised its fist, bringing it down, cracking the ice, causing Hannah to fall and scream, sliding on her stomach, reaching for the book. \"No!\" She missed, only grabbing nothing but air. She quickly got off her stomach. \"Don't let it get the book!\" she shrieked. Looking around, I spotted some hockey sticks leaning against the wall. I ran over to them, grabbing one into my hand. The creature saw me, seeing the hockey stick in my hand. Like it knew what I was going to do, it made its way to the book, and I tossed the hockey stick. The hockey stick slid on the floor, hitting the book. The Abominable Snowman slipped, sliding into the net. I saw Zach going over to Hannah. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. She nodded. \"Yeah...\" she answered. \"Guys! Come on! Let's go!\" I looked to see Champ, who was on the Zamboni, waving his hand. \"Come on! Come on! Over here! Come on, \" he shouted as both Zach and Hannah ran towards the vehicle. \"Good idea!\" Zach looked behind him, seeing the fury thing getting up. \"Punch it!\" Champ started the vehicle, only... it wasn't very fast, going one mile per hour. \"Bad idea. Bad idea. Get off that thing!\" With a yell, Champ jumped out of the Zamboni, just as the Abominable Snowman hopped on it, making it shake. It looked around, searching for them. The Abominable Snowman then peered its head over the vehicle. \"Ahh!\" I heard Hannah yelp from the other side of the Zamboni. \"Run!\" I heard Zach yell. With a roar, it punched the vehicle, and I bet it left a dent on that thing, even though I was on the other side of the ice rink where the hockey sticks are at. I saw Zach and Hannah getting away from it. \"Hurry, this way.\" They ran towards Champ, who was over on the other side of the rink. \"Guys, come on. In here!\" They both slid out of the rink, Champ slamming the glass door shut, and it face planted on the glass, falling onto the floor. They cheered. \"Yes.\" Hannah gave Champ a high five, smiles on their faces. Only they didn't celebrate for that long as the creature woke up. \"Whoa!\" Zach gasped. I saw it swung its arm down at them as they avoid him, screaming. It shook the glass, roaring. \"Hey!\" I threw a hockey puck, hitting it on the back. \"Leave my... friends alone!\" I cried out, forcing the word 'friends' out of my mouth. It turned to me. \"That's right...\" I motioned my hand. \"Come this way, you fury devil,\" I muttered. It came closer, stomping, making the floor shake. While it was going towards me, I spotted the book. I ran after it, grabbed it, holding it in front of me. \"You're going back in.\" I went to open the book, but it smacked it out of my hands. I watched as it slid from the opposite direction. I went after the manuscript, only to be picked up by the back of my neck. \"Put me down, you freak!\" I struggled to get free. The creature roared in my face, spitting on me. And, before I knew it, it threw me back, and I hit the back of my head on the wall. Hard. Rubbing my head, I heard screaming from my friends. I couldn't believe I said that word. Getting up from the floor, I heard glass smashing, Zach, Hannah, and Champ all screaming in horror. Looking around, I spotted the manuscript. I ran towards it, grabbed it, and went after the monster. I stopped at a good distance. I opened the book, and a strong current of wind came, lights flashing. The Abominable Snowman began turning back into ink. It tried to hold onto the wall, but the wind was too strong. It struggled, not wanting to be sucked into the book. But I held my ground and, once it let out a final roar, I slammed the book shut, gasping. \"Ahem.\" I turned and saw Shivers. He had his hand out, and from what I can tell, he wanted me to give him the book. Even though I was still angry with him for lying to the cops. And even though Hannah has no bruises or markings, that doesn't mean he had to lie to them, even though they were stupid. However, I gave him the book, looking down at the floor. \"Thank you.\" He took a key out of his pocket, the manuscript key, putting it in the clasps, locking the book up. He then put the key back in his pocket after he did so. He then looked at my friends. Man, I still can't believe I said that. But... I still think they were pretending. I had it happen before... Shivers walked over to them. \"All of you in the car, now! \" he yelled, pointing out of the ice rink. Zach, Hannah, and Champ followed him, wiping the bits of glass out of their hair. Shivers was about to walk with them when he paused. He turned, going over to me. \"Come, Hazel,\" he ordered gently, not shouting at me, a smile on his face... a proud smile. Except... I didn't smile back. In fact, I was... afraid of him. Even though he didn't yell at me like he did to them. I sighed. \"...okay...\" I obeyed. I followed him to the car. So you think that those three kids are your friends? the voice asked. Shut up... and leave me alone... The voice laughed. Why? it questioned. Nobody wanted to be your friend, so why did you say that word at that creature? Hmm? Why? Because I did. Because you did , the voice scoffed. Think about it kid... no one is your friend. Nobody is your friend. You know that you are worthless to everybody. I know, and you're right. I am... worthless. But... what if they are my friends? Why would they be your friends? You have no friends... Please, leave me alone... The voice laughed. No one is your friend... was the last thing it said as I followed Shivers to the car.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: R.L. Stine All of us got to the car. And Shivers gave each of them an angry look towards them except for me. \"In,\" he ordered them. \"Now.\" All them got in the car; Zach and Champ in the back, while Hannah got in the passenger seat, putting on their seatbelts. Shivers then turned to me, his angry eyes turning into calm ones. I wanted to hesitate and refused at first, but... since he didn't yell at the others, I did so, getting in the back, sitting next to Champ, who scooted over to the middle of the back seat. I shut the door and, making sure it was shut tight, I rested the side of my head on my hand, thinking... Just...thinking. My mind went back to my childhood as I heard Hannah's dad get in the car, igniting it, starting the engine after he set the book between him and Hannah. The memories of my childhood seem to flood in, and I had to use my hand to cover my eyes, as my other one twitched and shook. No one seemed to notice, though... But it quickly went away. Just like that. This happens every time when my mind goes back to my childhood. And it's even worse when someone ask me to tell them my story, and that's the reason I'll tell it someday. If I do... I sighed quietly for no can hear. A tear started to force its way out of the corner of my eye. I quickly blinked it away, not wanting to start crying, my depression coming. I'll never be happy again... Never. I'm going to be... worthless. I'm worthless because, well, I am. However, my depression faded away, like it always does. I held no smile, just... a frown on my face. I kept gazing out the window as we passed buildings and houses, until Champ broke the silence. \"What are you going to do to us?\" he asked with a nervous tone in his voice. \"Silence...\" Shivers hissed back as he continued driving, eyes locked on the road. \"We can't ask questions...?\" he said, looking over at Zach then me. \"I just wanted to know what will hap-\" \"Shut up!\" Shivers yelled out, getting the teen to stop talking, glancing away from the road for a quick moment, then faced it again, gripping tightly on the wheel. \"Dad... they were only trying to help,\" Hannah said, looking towards her father. \"I told you to stay away from us or something bad will happen,\" he began, looking towards us, mainly at Zach. \"But that's the problem with kids today,\" he complained, putting his hand up and then back on the steering wheel. \"They don't listen.\" He sighed with a small shake of his head. \"You had to pick The Abominable Snowman Of Pasadena ,\" he said, like he knew about the books. \"You couldn't have picked Little Shop Of Hamsters ...\" Zach tilted his head to the side. \"You're him, aren't you?\" he said, raising a brow. \"Hm?\" Shivers glanced at the rearview mirror. \"You're R.L. Stine,\" Zach smirked a sly grin. \"The writer of all the Goosebumps books.\" Wait... Shivers is R.L. Stine? That can't be. I asked him who Stine could be, only for him to kind of shoo me out of his home, not answering my question. But... I let that go for now. \"R.L. who?\" Shivers adjusted his glasses. \"I don't know who that is...\" he replied, not wanting to reveal by pretending not knowing who the writer is, like himself. \"Oh, really?\" Zach quipped, crossing his arms, the smirk disappearing from his face. \"Well, just as well, because his books suck,\" he offended a little, leaning against the seat. Hannah turned to him. \"What are you doing?\" \"I can't decide... which I hate more,\" Zach started to interrogate him, ignoring Hannah. \" Monster Blood or Go Eat Worms! \" \"I'm so confused...\" Champ let out as I just sat there. \"You see the endings coming from a mile away...\" he continued, moving his hand around in a sematic manner as he kept on going. \"...it's like... stop trying to be Stephen King , man.\" That's when Shivers slammed on the break, stopping the car, as all of us flung forward then back. He set the car, putting the shift on break, casting a glare at the boy. \"Let me tell you something about Steve King ,\" he pointed out, squinting through his glasses. \"Steve King wishes he could write like me, and I've sold way more books then him but nobody ever talks about THAT! \" he declared, his eyes going wide. Zach, now starting to regret what he had said, leaned away from him. \"Okay.\" He nodded, getting what he meant. \" Way more books ! \" Shivers repeated, before turning away, letting out an aggravated grunt. \"Dad...\" Hannah rubbed his shoulder soothingly. \"...your face is doing the red thing again.\" Champ then grinned. \"Wait, you're R.L. Stine?\" He began to get excited, the grin getting wider, as Shivers, who is known as Stine, gave the other boy raised eyebrows, while Hannah had her hand on the side of her head, shaking it a bit. \"That's you?\" His excitement grew. \"Really?\" Stine then looked away from him, also putting his hand on the side of his head. \"Really?\" He looked at Zach then me, acting like a four year old who wanted to see someone for a long time. \"Hey, can I take a quick picture?\" he asked, getting his phone out of his pocket. \"No. No,\" Stine simply answered. \"Come on.\" Champ set the phone on camera mode. \"Come on. The answer is 'yes'.\" He brought the phone in front of him and Stine as he smiled. \"I said no...\" The light of his phone flashed, taking a picture. \"What? I- No!\" Stine waved him back. \"Get that thing out of here!\" he cried as Champ slowly took the phone away from the writer. \"I said no. Why can't you get that?\" he scolded, giving the now cowering teen an angry look. \"I didn't want to have selfie with you!\" \"Sorry...\" Champ began to apologize, feeling bad for what he did. \"I just want a photo for my Instagram page,\" he explained, going to put his phone away. \"Oh, is that all?\" His mood quickly changed into a relaxed one. \"Let me see.\" He held his hand out behind him. Champ put on a smile. \"Yeah, here you go.\" He gave his phone to Stine. \"Thank you.\" Stine then threw the phone out the window with grunt. I saw it land on the road next to us with Champ smiling behind Stine, who had a frustrated look, his mouth wide open as well as his eyes. Stine then started the car, driving away. Champ looked back, hurt, knowing that he won't get his phone back as he crossed his arms, almost in tears. \"He did told you no,\" I said to him, the picture still in my mind. That one picture with him being... happy. By the time we got to Stine's house, he pulled up onto the driveway, parking the car. We all got out of the car, slamming the doors shut. Zach closed door on Champ, who opened it again, getting out as well before closing it. \"Hey, hey.\" Zach went up to him. \"What happens now?\" he asked. \"You go home, put on your p.j.'s, get your blankie, and go nap-nap,\" Stine responded in slight, baby talk voice as he made the sign for sleep, then went back to his regular voice. \"In the morning, this will all feel like a bad dream,\" he said, then started walking towards the house. \"Dad, wait,\" Hannah started to protest. \"There's no time, start packing, we're moving again,\" he told her, making his way inside the house, his daughter right behind him. The three of us stood there, until Champ spoke up. \"So... what do you want do now?\" Ignoring him, Zach went towards the house. \"Zach,\" he said. \"Dude.\" He went with Zach. I was about to go with them when I stopped all of a sudden. Slowly, I lifted my hand, my right hand, and saw it shake. No...not again... It kept on shaking, getting more violent then ever. A wave of an anxiety came to me, my pulse getting higher. But... why? Why do I feel so anxious all of a sudden? The violent shaking turned more aggressive from my hand to my arm. I leaned against the fence, waiting for it to stop. Once it did, I let out a relief breath, calming myself down. Why did that happen? I wish I knew. It only twitches or shakes when I'm only nervous or thinking back from my childhood, but... now, its getting worse. It's like... I sensed someone, or something , in the house, like, in the study room. When I was finally relaxed, I headed into the house. A loud thud sound came from the living room when I entered the house. I made my way towards the living room entrance to see Zach and Champ there, standing by the doorway. \"I could've killed you!\" Stine let out. Both boys gave out false complements. \"That was a terrible throw.\" \"How?\" \"What are you doing here? Go home,\" he ordered, turning away from the boys. \"No,\" Zach refused, walking into the room with his friend by his side. \"Not until you explain what is going on.\" Stine shook his head. \"No, no, no. I can't explain it.\" \"We were almost just eaten by Frosty the Snowman, which should be impossible if Hazel hadn't sucked it back in the book to save us, so try!\" Zach demanded, and I was surprised when he said the word 'saved' when he was talking about me. \"Okay,\" Stine gave in. \"Look...\" He pinched his nose. \"Where do I begin...?\" He then started tell his story. \"When I was younger, I suffered from terrible allergies that kept me indoors. And all the kids threw rocks at my windows and called me names...\" I blinked. He was... picked on? For not being able to go outside? \"...So I made my own friends: Monsters, ghouls, demons to terrorize the neighbors and all of the kids who made fun of me,\" he expressed out. \"...And they became real to me...\" He squinted his eyes through his glasses again. \"And then one day, they actually... became... real... My monsters literally jumped off the page...\" He motioned his hand as if he remembered how it happened. Stine then held the book in his hands. \"As long as the books remain locked, we're safe, but when they're opened...\" He shook his head. \"...well, you've just seen what happened,\" he referred to what happened earlier. It was silence for a moment. \"I'm allergic to dust mites,\" Champ suddenly brought up. \"What's your point?\" Stine replied. \"I have allergies, too, so... I feel your pain,\" he said, being very sympathetic. Stine squinted his eyes for the third time that night when Hannah came into the room. \"Why am I talking to you? Hannah, let's go,\" he commanded, going up the stairs. She was about to say something to us when he shouted for her. \"Hannah!\" \"I'm sorry...\" she said, going up the steps. \"Let's go,\" her father ordered slightly as we followed her up the steps. Only I stopped again, feeling my arm jerk forcefully, sensing something up there. I closed my eyes, clenching them tight, gritting my teeth tightly. Something's in that room up there... Something... evil. I kept on clashing my teeth together. The jerking seemed to take longer then before. I cracked opened one eye, watching my arm as it did a final jerk, doing a quick twitch once it finished. My anxious feeling went away, and so did my anxiety. I then proceeded up the steps. \"Hannah, you grab A to M,\" I heard Stine instruct his daughter, making my way behind the boys. \"I'll get M to Z. And keep the man-eating plant away from the bug-eyed alien...\" His voice trailed off. \"Oh, no... not him...\" \"Hello, papa...\" It was a creepy raspy voice. Zach, Champ, and I entered the study room. I almost gasp to what I was sensing. It was a ventriloquist dummy, sitting on a leather chair that was next to Stine's desk. It wore a gray tux with a red bow tie and a red, ruffled flower. His shoes are brown, matching its eyes and hair. Its hair is painted on its head, looking like Stine's hair. He didn't have a shirt, but its chest was painted white. It even had chip marks on its nose and chin. \"How long its been...?\" it asked in a creepy, frightening voice. My arm started shaking... No... It then saw us. \"Who are your new friends?\" It raised its brows in interest. \"We're not friends.\" \"Barely know him.\" I leaned against the wall with my back when Zach and Champ responded to its words. The wooden puppet's eyes gazed at me. It kept looking at me... mocking me... giving me its eerier smile... \"Slappy, it's so nice to see you again...\" Stine made his way towards it. Well, I should say him, since the puppet has a name. \"We haven't seen each other in a long time...\" He inched his way closer. And my arm kept on shaking. \"Did you miss me?\" Slappy grinned. \"Of course I missed you...\" He reached down to grab him when the lights flickered off, along with lightening from outside. When they came back on, he was gone; vanished. Hannah let out a gasp, and Stine looked around frantically. \"So what's the plan, friend?\" We all saw Slappy standing by the large hole that the Abominable Snowman made. He held up a key by the string that he somehow got, holding it between his wooden fingers. \"You must've brought me out for something fun,\" he said, putting the key down. \"Terrorize the locals? Destroy the down? Let's get silly,\" he declared, moving his head around. \"You guessed it, Slappy...\" Stine looked down, spotting the book in front of him, which I believed it's Slappy's manuscript, as he made his way towards it. \"I was going to destroy Madison and I...\" His eyes flickered up, then to the book. \"...And I couldn't do it without you,\" he kept on stalling, distracting the puppet. As if the air was getting sucked out of the room, I began having trouble breathing; hyperventilating. I shut my eyes tight, sliding down towards the floor, sitting down, as my arm continued to shake and jerk and twitch. When will it stop...? \"Aw shucks...\" Slappy bashfully replied. \"You've given me... oh, what's the word?\" he thought. \"Goosebumps.\" He laughed at his own joke. \"Oh, my God. He's so creepy,\" Champ whispered. You got that right... \"Oh, he's such a crack-up.\" I opened my eyes, making quick gasping breaths, seeing Stine getting closer to the book. \"Such a clever dummy...\" He reached down towards the book. Slappy's eyebrows quickly went down. \"Who are you calling dummy? Dummy.\" He then looked down and saw Stine about to reach his book, and gave him an angry look. \" You're trying to put me back in?! \" he snared out, glaring at him. Stine stopped, giving Slappy a sheepish smile. \"No, no, no, no, no, no,\" he quickly answered, raising his hand. \"Don't be silly.\" \"I know when you're lying to me, papa,\" the puppet exclaimed. Stine went to reach for the book, and lightening flashed again, flickering the lights, and book that was laying on the floor was now in Slappy's hand, a match in the other, fire dancing around on it. \"You've made Slappy very unhappy...\" he rasped. \"He's not going back on the shelf... ever... again...\" He brought the lit match towards the manuscript. \"Slappy, no wait!\" But it was too late. Slappy set the book on fire, ignoring Stine's protest, tossing it aside. \"I think it's time that I started pulling the strings in this relationship...\" He waved the match for the fire to go out. \"Tonight is gonna be the best story you've ever written...\" he sneered. \" All of your children are coming to play...\" Lightening flashed as Slappy's laugh echoed away, and I stopped shaking, regaining my normal breathing, and began to stand up. Good thing no one saw that... I don't want to freak them out or anything. And I believe it's best for them not to know. \"Oh, thank God, he's gone,\" Champ relieved, raising his head slightly, looking at the ceiling, then back down at the floor. \"Oh God. He's gone...\" Stine turned around, seeing the broken bookcase, before going back over to us. \"And he's taken all the books.\" My eyes slowly went over the bookcase. He was right... The books are gone... And so is Slappy. Stine immediately ran out of the room with us close behind. And I could still hear Slappy's laugh... his creepy laugh in my head, and I quickly shook it away as we ran down the steps, us following Stine. \"Congratulations. You've just released a demon. A ventriloquist dummy with a serious Napoleonic complex,\" he announced sarcastically, continuing his way down the steps. \"For the record, I only opened one book, and now I see that was a mistake,\" Zach countered back once we got to the door. \"The snowman must've knock Slappy's book down,\" Hannah theorized, defending her friend that she likes. \"I still blame him.\" Stine pointed at Zach. \"I don't like you boy.\" He kept pointing at him while I tried to get the door open, but it wouldn't. \"I can't get the door open.\" I jiggled the knob. \"Let me see.\" I stepped out of the way so Stine can get the door open, but no, it wouldn't. \"It's locked from the outside,\" he told us. Then we heard something knock down to the floor, bringing our attention to it. \"Out the kitchen door. Go now,\" he urged, waving his hands forward. We ran to the kitchen, and stopped to see something on the other side of the doggy door. Some sort of small figure. \"Why is that here?\" Champ whispered to me. \"I don't know...\" I answered. Another one popped out in some kind of jar, making Champ flinch as it cracked its neck. Hannah and Stine let out a yelp when they saw another one in one of the cabinets. Then the dishwasher opened revealing thee more; one holding a shovel, the other holding a pick axe, while the other doesn't have anything. They jerked their heads towards us. The one from the doggy door swung into the kitchen with its pick axe. Then more, then more, then more, all coming out of the top and bottom cabinets. A lot of them were on the floor, some were on the counters, and four of the figures were holding a silver ladle, and a lot of them either had a shovel or a pick axe, while the others had nothing. A few were holding lamps. \"Gnomes?\" I questioned, seeing what they are now. Zach raised a brow, shrugging his shoulder. \"Maybe they're friendly...\" Suddenly, a knife was thrown, embedding into the cabinet, inches away from Zach's head, who turned to glance at the knife, stunned. \"Not friendly.\" He turned to us. \"Defiantly not friendly,\" he declared. And all the gnomes charged at us. Some gnomes from the top cabinets used some rags that are tied together, pulling it up onto Zach's throat. One got on the ladle, while the other jumped on it. The gnome connected its pick axe to the other gnome's pick axe, and swung forward. \"Ooh.\" Stine grunted when the gnome landed on his face, hitting him with its pick axe. \"He's stuck to my face,\" he muffled, trying to pull it off his face. \"Defiantly not friendly.\" \"Dad!\" Hannah went over to help him. \"Ah!\" But a gnome was on her head, pulling on her ponytail, yanking her back. \"Don't worry, I'll save you.\" Champ went over to the stove, grabbed the frying pan and, with a yell, he pried the gnome off of Stine's face by hitting it, making it break into millions of pieces, and Stine fell face first onto the floor. \"I'm sorry. Are you okay?\" he asked. Zach yanked down the tied up rags, throwing the gnomes down on the floor, smashing them into pieces. I grabbed a gnome that started to pinch me, flinching at the feeling of being touched. Quickly, I dropped kicked it towards Champ, who caught it in his hands. It squirmed around, and Champ went over to the sink, forcing the gnome upside down into the drain, switching the garbage disposal, grinding up the little basterd. \"Ready.\" I looked down to see some gnomes tying Stine's first wrist, then other one, with electric cords. \"Set.\" They tied his ankles together. \"Go.\" They got him up all hog tied. My attention then switched when I heard a smash on a wall, and Hannah ducked her head, avoiding the gnome that Zach had thrown. She gave him a stunned look, her mouth agape. \"I'm sorry,\" he apologized. \"Help me.\" My attention flickered back towards Stine. My mouth dropped open when I saw the gnomes pulling him towards the oven that they had opened, flames dancing around inside from the high temperature. \"Help me.\" Stine then looked over his shoulder, seeing where he was heading. \"Oh, no, no, no. Help. Someone.\" I grabbed the mop in my hands. \"Get back. Get back.\" I waved Hannah, Zach, and Champ out of the way. \"Get back!\" I yelled. I swung the mop, hitting the gnomes off of Stine, who tried to put the fire out by blowing at it, but with no use. \"Heave-ho. Heave-ho. Heave-ho,\" they kept on chanting as I continued to smash them. I dropped the mop when I smashed up most of the gnomes. \"Help me. Help me. Get them off,\" I said, gesturing my hand for them to help me. \"Okay, okay.\" Hannah began grabbing gnomes, helping me, while the boys did the same, throwing them into the oven. \"Heave-ho. Heave-ho,\" the gnomes continued to chant as we kept throwing them into the oven. \"Quickly,\" Stine declared, and I threw the last gnome into the oven. \"Shut it. Shut it,\" Hannah exclaimed, and we quickly shut the oven door on them, their fists hitting the door on the other side. \"Heave-ho. Heave-ho...\" They melted inside the oven. \"Untie me,\" Stine said. \"You know, I imagined something different...\" Champ started to complain as we began to untie Stine, getting him free. \"...'Come over to my house. They will be girls. I'm your wingman'.\" Once Stine was free, we slowly stood up as the gnomes... put themselves together. \"Oh, no, no, no...\" Champ slightly wailed as the gnomes kept putting themselves back together. \"We got to get out of here,\" Zach said. \"We need to get the basement.\" \"It's locked,\" Stine told him. \"He picked it,\" I quickly explained, and we all started running to the basement. \"That's breaking and entering,\" he hollered behind us as we proceeded down the stairs, the gnomes chasing us. \"Watch out for the bear traps.\" \"Why'd it have to be bear traps?\" Champ declared as we avoided them, hearing them snap shut on the gnomes. \"And another thing,\" I added over my shoulder, \"why do you have bear traps in your basement?\" \"I was preparing something like this,\" Stine answered. Prepared for what? A robbery? \"Alright, come on.\" Zach waved his hand, ushering us out of the basement, the gnomes at our heels. \"Hurry.\" We made it out of the basement, and Stine slammed the door shut, as the gnomes tried to get out. \"Lock it! Lock it!\" he ordered, holding onto the door. \"Okay.\" I locked up the door, and Stine planted his back on the door, panting. \"Why couldn't of you have written stories about rainbows and unicorns?\" Zach exclaimed, referring to what happen in there. \"Because that doesn't sell four hundred million copies,\" Stine gasped once he caught his breath. \"Whoa, domestic?\" Champ replied, smiling a bit. Stine shook his head. \"No, worldwide. It's still very impressive. Shut up,\" he responded. That's when we saw something red falling down, flying down in front of us, and there were even more. \"What is that?\" I asked. We followed the red stuff that led us to something on the ground in front of us that is all charred up and black, and it was lit on fire. \"He's burning the books...\" Hannah realized once we saw what it was. \"Why is he doing that?\" Zach questioned. \"So there's no way to put the monsters back inside... It's Slappy's revenge...\" Stine tilted his head in thought. \" Slappy's Revenge ... that's a good title.\" Are you kidding me...?[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: The Plan Slappy I let out a gleeful laugh as I drove the Haunted Car, cars honking at me. \"Hahaha! Sorry, folks, I'd slow down, but I can't reach the brake!\" I declared. \"Hahaha.\" I let out another laugh, throwing another book out the window, monster plants coming out, destroying the cell tower. \"Hey, check out my new best seller,\" I announced, turning my head away from the road to the window of the passenger seat that had the manuscripts from the bookcase. \"It'll grow on you. Muhahaha.\" I continued laughing, hearing people screaming in different buildings. \"I'm driving myself crazy !\" I turned the car around, thinking where I should go. \"Hmm...\" I thought. \"I know! The police station. That'll be perfect. And if the cops are there, I'll use the Bug-Eyed Aliens to freeze them.\" I snickered. \"Oh, Slappy, you are such a genius...\" I kept on snickering, until my mind went back to that girl that had a anxiety attack when she saw me... Yes, once I freeze the cops, I'll release another monster, and have it get that girl. \"And once I have her... I'll get rid of you, papa!\" I vowed, laughing my evil laugh, parking the car in front of the station, getting out, and grabbing two manuscripts. I held one under my arm, as I unlocked the first one. Two Bug-Eyed Aliens came out the book that I had unlocked, burning it. \"Wait here for my signal,\" I instructed them. They nodded, and I entered through the doors. I got one of the chairs, putting the book and key under the seat, laying on my side, not moving, as I began eavesdropping on the cops. \"The town is invaded,\" I heard the male cop began to announce like a news reporter. \"Communications are down. We're talking about mass chaos, and no one knows how to stop it.\" He paused, and from the corner of my eye, I saw him grin. \"What do you think?\" he asked the female cop. \"I'm not sure. I... I'm not... I don't know,\" the female one replied confused, not knowing what he's talking about. \"It's The Blob ,\" he explained, gesturing his hands. \" The Blob . The original one with Steve McQueen. Oh, I can't believe you don't know that movie,\" he said, surprised at his partner. \"Come over to my house,\" he offered. \"I got it on Laserdisc. We'll wa…\" The lights went out. Perfect. \"The power went out... God. All night with this.\" I heard him walk over to one of those lights that are on the wall, tapping on it with his finger. \"These emergency lights should kick on soon.\" Then he spotted me. Perfect. \"Someone left their ventriloquist dummy,\" he noticed, seeing me on the chair. Time for action. I slowly sat up. \"Who you calling 'dummy '?\" I rasped, lowering my eyebrows. \"It's talking!\" the female cop exclaimed as they both pulled out their hand guns. \"What is that thing?\" Fear creeped out of her mouth. They pointed their guns at me. I raised my hands. \"I come in piece. Unharmed. I just wanted to read you a bedtime story...\" \"Sir, shut your mouth,\" the male cop ordered. \"Okay,\" I spoke through my closed mouth, \"because that's not gonna stop me.\" \"Hands where I can see them.\" The male cop kept pointing his gun at me. \"Officers! You've been relieved from your duties...\" On cue, the Bug-Eyed Aliens came in, and the cops pointed their guns at them. \"Haha. Now, freeze !\" I watched as they froze the cops with their lasers. \"Thank you, now go out there, and freeze anyone that you see,\" I commanded, pointing out the door. They gave me a salute, before marching out the door. I grabbed the book from underneath the seat, unlocked it, and released yet another monster. In fact, two to be exact. After I burned the book, I looked up at them. \"Now...\" I began. \"There is a girl with hazel eyes that I saw when I was in papa's study,\" I told them. \"Go get her, and once I have her, I'll get rid of papa.\" \"Yes, sir,\" the first one obeyed as the other one let out an insane laugh, running out of the building. Once they had left, I got up off the chair, heading out to the car. \"Now I should get the rest of the police frozen...\" A smile spread on my wooden lips. \"Hmm...\" I began thinking. \"...since I opened up Invasion Of The Body Squeezers Part 1 , I should released more Bug-Eyed Aliens from Invasion Of The Body Squeezers Part 2 so they can freeze them. Yeah! Perfect idea.\" I went over to the Haunted Car , grabbing the book, unlocking it, and the Bug-Eyed Alien stood right before me as I burned their book. \"Aliens, start freezing the rest of the police in this station,\" I ordered them. \"And also, if someone comes in here and calls for help, freeze that person as well, and especially if I get called the D word. Got it?\" They nodded. \"Good. Now... Get to work!\" With a salute, they walked inside the station, looking for any cops to freeze. I went inside the building too, going over into one of the small offices, putting on a cop hat and sunglasses, closing the blinds, waiting for someone to come by and call for help. No one is going to interfere my plans. Lorraine I was on my phone leaving Zach alone in his room with Hazel helping him study for a test he has on Monday, when I heard scratching at the front door. Getting up, I went to go check it out, putting the phone on my chest. I opened the door to see a small, white poodle. \"Oh, hello, cutie,\" I smiled, seeing how adorable she looks since she has a pink flower in the middle of her white, coiled fur. \"You must be lost.\" I lowered myself to the dog. \"Hmm,\" I observed, \"no tags.\" I stood back up. \"Well, let's get you some water. We'll take you around the neighborhood and we'll find your owner.\" I turned back around, going back on my phone. \"Is he handsome?\" I walked into the kitchen. \"Is he single?\" I grabbed a bowl that is the color of light pink out from one of the cabinets, filling it up with water, using my cheek and shoulder to hold the phone against my ear. \"Is he thinking about leaving his wife and needs a push?\" Afterwards, I shut the faucet off. \"Hey, can you hold on a sec?\" I asked, then put the phone on hold, setting it on the counter. I grabbed the bowl with both hands, heading back to the front door. \"Alright...\" I walked carefully. \"Trying not to spill...\" The water swished inside the bowl as I kept it steady. \"Don't be clumsy, Lorraine,\" I chuckled to myself. \"Oh, you must be so thirsy,\" I said, ready to give the water to the poodle and to see it not there anymore. That's when I raised my head slowly when I saw its paws, seeing it float in the air, the water dumping onto the floor as I tilted the bowl forward. \"Wha...?\" The poodle tilted its head at me before it opened its mouth, baring long, white fangs like a vampire, letting out a horrifying growl, eyes turning red. I screamed, dropping the bowl as it broke, getting away from that... thing! I ran into the kitchen, the monster poodle floating after me, trying to bite me. \"Get away!\" I shrieked at it, grabbing my phone. \"Get away from me!\" It began chasing me around the house. I need to call Gale, but my phone went out, and saw that I had no connection. The poodle kept coming at me. \"Go away, you cruel animal!\" I ran up the steps. \"Zach! Hazel!\" I screamed. \"Zach!\" I opened his bedroom door, seeing him and his friend not there. And the poodle growled at me, baring its sharp teeth at me, before it started to attach me. I landed on the floor in the room with a loud thud . The poodle kept trying to bite me, fur flying everywhere. I manage to shove it off of me, before grabbing my phone again. I tried to call Zach. Still no connection, and I have no choice but to go to my store. Running out of the house with the poodle close behind me, I opened the car door, getting into the driver's seat, slamming the door shut on the wild dog. It barked, scratching its nails on the window. Quickly, I put on my seatbelt, hit the gas pedal, and drove as fast as I can to my store. Hazel \"Come on, in the car,\" Stine told us. We went over to the car, getting in. He started the car up and drove off the driveway, and drove away from the house. \"I need to see how much damage that Slappy caused.\" When I heard Stine say the dummy's name my hand did a small twitch, sending a chill down my spine. I rested my hand on my cheek as I stared out the window. I can still hear the laughing of the dummy, remembering how he had his eyes locked on me. Those mocking eyes reminded me of... \"Are you okay, Hazel?\" \"Huh?\" I snapped out of my trance, shaking my head, turning towards Champ. \"Yeah... Yeah.\" I nodded. \"I'm fine. I was just thinking...\" \"About what?\" he inquired. I looked away from him. \"...nothing... Just...forget about.\" I rested my cheek on my hand again. For now, I just want some quite time, trying not to think of the dummy's mocking eyes, which reminded me of my childhood. I felt him staring at me. \"Okay...\" He turned away from me, which is a good thing cause a tear slid down my face, and I quickly flicked it off of me. I don't want to start getting upset in front of anyone. You know. If you think that these people are your friends... which they aren't... you can just, oh, I don't know, run away once he stops the car , the voice began speaking. Why? How do you know if they are pretending? Because I DO know! Don't you remember when you were younger? it demanded. I didn't answer to it. Do you? the voice forced out again. I want to be left alone... Hmph. Suit yourself. When the voice vanished away, I closed my eyes, resting them, the sadness still in my head. I walked through the woods, entering into the abandoned amusement park. The morning sun shined down on me with no cloud in the sky, the leaves brushing against each other. I continued walking, looking at all the broken rides and empty booths, when I spotted someone. \"Hey there.\" It was Hannah, and she was waving me over. I hesitated, shaking my head. \"Aw... come on,\" she encouraged, smiling a friendly smile at me. \"I'm your friend... remember?\" Her smile didn't disappear from her face. I slowly walk up to her, my feet dragging on the dirt, slowly going up to her as she kept maintaining that nice smile. Once I got close enough to her, she held out her arms. \"Can I have a hug?\" she asked. I shook my head real fast. She pouted. \"Aw... why not? I know you don't like to be touched, but maybe one hug will help you start getting used to it again.\" She kept her arms out at me. \"Please?\" she said, her eyes begging me to do so. \"Just one hug. I promise.\" Seeing her still smiling her happy smile, I slowly got closer to her. She promised one hug... just one... and said that it'll start helping me get used to physical contact again. I scooted closer. I shut my eyes tightly, and slowly, very slowly, I brought my arms up to her. And that's when I was pushed to the ground. I fell flat on my back, dirt getting into my hair. I glanced up to see her glaring at me with deadly eyes, looking down at me. \"Ew! Why would I touch YOU?\" she cried. My mouth dropped open as I can only stare at her in shock. \"I'm not going to hug a worthless girl!\" she screamed, eyes still glaring into mine. \"Get away from me, you loser!\" I stayed on the floor, afraid to move an inch. \"Don't you know English? I said, get away from me!\" She kept on screaming. \"Get away, you disgusting thing!\" \"Hannah!\" I looked over my right shoulder to see someone coming over to us. \"Hannah! What's wrong?\" \"That!\" She pointed her finger at me. \"That ugly thing tried to touch me!\" she shrieked in a high, shrill voice. \"Zach, it-it-it tried to touch ME!\" What? But you said- \"Were you trying to touch her?\" It was now Zach's turn to give me deadly eyes of his own. \"Were you?!\" I opened my mouth. \"But... she said she wanted a hug...\" \"Lier!\" Hannah screamed. \"Zach, she's lying. Don't listen to her.\" Zach grabbed me by the hair, forcing me to my feet. \"Ow! Let go of my hair!\" I began to panic, my heart racing inside of my chest. \"I'm not lying! Please, let go,\" I begged. \"Ow!\" He yanked my hair hard, almost pulling the roots out of my head, tears streaming down my face. \"Let go...\" I wailed. \"Why should I?\" he spat in my face. \"You ARE ugly! And you ARE worthless!\" He then threw me back onto the ground. \"This is what you get for trying to touch my girl,\" he snarled, raising his foot back. \"NO!\" I cried. \"No! No! Don't do it!\" But it was too late, and I felt the force of his kick in my face. Suddenly, I woke up, and heard voices outside the car. I sighed with relief. Just a dream... I'm not at that abandoned amusement park. I felt tears on my face, quickly wiping them away as I got out of the car, and went over to the group. Zach noticed me when I shut the door tight. \"Hey. We weren't sure if we should wake you up or not,\" he said, and I kept my distance from him. \"What's wrong?\" he asked, furrowing his brows. I looked down. \"...nothing...\" I answered, and notice people everywhere in town, not moving. \"What's wrong with them?\" I pointed at one of the people. \"Why do they look... blue?\" \"They got frozen,\" Hannah informed me. \"And Champ thought one of the men is his dad.\" \"Hey!\" He raised his hand in defense. \"That man looks like my dad, okay?\" he replied. \"Whatever.\" She rolled her eyes, then look up at her father. \"What are we going to do?\" she asked him. \"Without those manuscripts, there's nothing I can do...\" Stine responded to Hannah's question, looking at all the smashed cars and frozen people. There were books on the road that Slappy unlocked... I shivered... and a electric pole was laying on one of the vehicles, sparks coming out of it. \"If... If you wrote the monsters off the page, maybe there's away you could write them back on,\" Zach brought up. \"Wait... Yeah, yeah, yeah!\" Champ agreed, nodding his head. \"Why don't you do that?\" he suggested. I crossed my arms. \"You have any idea how many stories he has to write to capture every monster that he has ever created?\" I scoffed. \"I mean, there's like a million of his books that he had written.\" Stine agreed with me. \"She's right,\" he nodded. \"And I already carpel tunnel in both hands.\" \"Dad, just listen to him. It's a great idea,\" Hannah insisted. \"Just one. One story to capture them all,\" Zach insisted as well. \"Hmm. simple,\" Stine smiled sarcastically. \"Just one, one story, with every monster I've ever created,\" he voiced out as Zach rolled eyes a bit. \"Brilliant. Really good idea.\" He looked at his daughter. \"He's a keeper.\" He pointed at Zach, and Hannah tilted her head to the side a little. Zach gave him a slight smile. \"You have a better idea?\" he challenged. \"Mm-hm. Mm-hm. I much better idea...\" We waited for what Stine idea is, but he came out empty. \"No, not now I don't, but...\" \"Okay, then we just have to get you to a computer store so you can start writing. There...\" Zach looked around. \"...there's a computer store. Just break in...\" \"No, no, no,\" he interrupted, stopping Zach. \"I need my typewriter,\" he told him. Zach gave him a confused look. \"...what?\" \"Every story I've written was on that Smith Corona,\" Stine explained. \"It's not just me. The typewrite is... special. It has a soul of its own... If I write on anything else, it won't work,\" he stated. \"Then where's the typewriter?\" I asked. A smile spread over Stine's face. \"Oh don't worry... it's somewhere safe...\" \"But... where is it at?\" Zach said. \"At the high school,\" he answered. \"I donated when I finished my final book, which makes sense since I don't want it anymore until now.\" He cast a glare at Zach when we all heard insane laughing. \"Sense?\" a voice questioned. \"Oh, what's more fun then making sense?\" The laughing continued. \"Dr. Maniac, show yourself,\" Stine commanded, looking around. \"Up hear, Stine Boy.\" We all looked up to see a big man with crazy black hair, a maniacal expression, wearing a silver amour over blue and green tights, a leopard-skin cape, and tall white boots with feathers. \"Did you miss me, Stine Boy?\" He flew over to one of the broken down cars, landing on it. \"I missed you.\" His eyes glowed red. Stine tightened his fist. \"If you're here, then that means Purple Rage is here too.\" \"Oh, yes he is...\" Dr. Maniac began to fly again. \"And he isn't too happy, either...\" \"That's right.\" A figure wearing a tight, purple outfit and ridiculous boots came from behind the ice cream truck. \"...I am not happy.\" I notice that his face is red. \"When you lock someone up in a book they get very ANGRY !\" His face turned bright purple. \"And Slappy has a mission for us to do.\" \"Like what?\" Stine replied. Dr. Maniac laughed, pointing at me. \"He wants to have her... and get rid of you, Stine Boy,\" he sneered, and I backed away from him, almost hiding behind the author. \"Why does he want Hazel for?\" Zach asked, standing his ground. \"He didn't tell us why. Maybe just to... scare her.\" He let out another insane laugh. \"You're crazy,\" Hannah exclaimed. \"I'm not crazy. I'm a MANIAC!\" the super villain declared, doing his catchphrase. \"So hand her over to us. Or else...\" Purple Rage clenched his fist together, shaking it. \"Slappy doesn't like waiting.\" \"We're not handing her over to you,\" Stine argued, stepping in front of me. \"You guys are gonna be gone for good!\" \"How are you going to stop us?\" the Purple Rage challenged. \"Our manuscript has been burned by Slappy.\" \"I am going to stop you and all the monsters,\" Stine vowed. \"All of you are gonna be locked up for good.\" \"Speaking of locked up...\" Dr. Maniac put his finger to his lips. \"Stine Boy, tell me, what's soaking wet and clueless?\" he quizzed him. \"Maniac, I just about enough-\" A splash of water came pouring down on Stine, cutting him off. \"Your face!\" Dr. Maniac threw the metal bucket over Stine's head with a loud bang . \"Dad!\" Hannah shrieked as Stine took the bucket off of his head, his hair dripping wet, casting a glare at him and then at Purple Rage. \"Slappy wants her.\" That name that Purple Rage mention made my arm shake violently, and the air seemed to get thinner with each breath I took that I had to sit down, crossing my legs, closing my eyes, doing my best to get rid of my anxious feeling away... doing my best not to think or picture that creepy puppet. \"However... we can ask him to wait for awhile... She isn't doing so good.\" I opened my eyes up to see everyone staring down at me. \"Hazel... are you okay?\" Hannah asked, kneeling down next to me. All eyes were on me, and I began to feel claustrophobic. My breathing began to get faster. \"I...I...\" I began stuttering, slowly getting up. My arm stopped shaking, but I can feel the panic inside me. \"I...\" I gasped. \"I need air!\" With that, I ran away from the scene, and I can hear Dr. Maniac laughing a mocking laugh... A mocking laugh. \"Hazel, come back!\" Champ hollered out. I didn't stop, I kept on going, zipping behind one of the buildings and sat down, regaining my breathing. Once it came back, I put my hands on top of my head, biting my bottom lip. The laughing... It reminds me of everything... \"Hazel...?\" I jumped, raising my head to see Stine in front of me. \"Oh... Hey, Stine.\" I looked away. \"Are you okay...?\" he asked in general concern. He seems to act differently around me then around with Zach. \"...Yeah...\" I kept looking away and felt Stine sitting next to me. \"I'm fine... Sorry to scare you guys...\" I picked some blades of grass off the ground, letting them go between my fingers. \"That's alright... Mind if I ask you something?\" He waited for my answer, and so I nodded, giving him permission. \"Does Slappy... freak you out?\" \"...yes,\" I answered softly. \"It... actually happened when we were at your place,\" I confessed. \"I started panicking in your study room...\" I sighed. \"I know I should've told you guys sooner but... I didn't. Let's just say I'm the type of person who doesn't like to speak up...\" I plucked some more grass of the ground. \"Also,\" I added. \"Both Slappy's mocking eyes along with Dr. Maniac's mocking laugh reminded of... things...\" Stine raised a brow. \"Like what?\" he replied. I shrugged my shoulders. \"...I don't want to talk about it. At least... not today. It's too... traumatizing.\" I shuddered. \"I'll tell my story only when I'm ready, but for now... I don't want to.\" \"Hey, you can tell me or your friends anytime you want,\" he assured me. \"Plus, I won't let Slappy have his wooden hands on you. Me and your friends will keep you safe from that wooden gremlin.\" I gave him a disbelief look. \"Are they really my friends?\" \"What?\" Now he gave me a disbelief look. \"Why would you think that they are not?\" I shrugged again. \"I don't know...\" I mumbled. I wanted to tell him the dream that I had in the car, but... I don't want him to think I was crazy. \"Shouldn't we get to the high school?\" I asked. \"Oh. Oh, sure,\" Stine answered quickly, nodding his head up and down, his hair still wet from the water. \"I already brought the car over.\" \"Good.\" I stood up. \"Let's go.\" I began to walk to the car with Stine right behind me. We both got in the car with the others waiting for us. I got in my seat, shutting the door, and leaned back. \"You okay?\" I looked over at Zach and nodded. \"That's good,\" he smiled. I nodded again, looking out the window, glancing at the night, cloudy sky as we drove off to the high school. Note: I've been thinking about doing Point of Views for a little while now if you hadn't noticed. Also, did you catch the reference of MLP:FiM (My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic) Return of Harmony Part 1 and 2? If so, great. If not... that's fine. Hope you are enjoying my story so far.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: On The Run My mind played the dream over and over, bouncing around in my head. Why did I dream that? Why...? The question stuck into my head. Why in the dream would Zach and Hannah call me such...horrible names? They would never do that unless they are my friends. But I don't believe that they are, considering what I told Stine after I had that massive panic attack, who also returned that feeling towards me. A tear came down my cheek, and luckily nobody saw it since it's on the other side of my face which is towards the window. I...actually wanted to get away from these people. Except, I can't do that at all. I have help stop these monsters. Even that wooden dummy that wanted me... to make me panic even more. To me, Slappy is the most evil monster in all the Goosebumps series, knowing what he's capable of. I rested my head on my hand, closing my eyes. I didn't fall asleep this time in case the dream comes back. And if I told Stine about my dream... he'll just call me crazy. In fact, maybe I am crazy. No way nobody will call me cruel names, which are all lies. Lies! Another tear. Don't cry, I ordered myself. Whatever you do not cry. Think happy things... Oh, what's the point? Nothing makes me happy anymore. All thanks to those who made it go away. I've been through so much that...there had been some days where I just wanted to...be gone, as in not being around anymore. And if you don't what I'm talking about, think on what I just mentioned. What do people do most of the time when they think that they'll never be happy again? If you answered correctly...well...great job, because a lot of people in my shoes do in every, single year. And I might be next... Inside the car, heading towards the high school had been pretty quite. A couple of times, I thought I was the only one in the car, and when I opened my eyes, everyone was still there. Why can't I be at home sleeping? That's a thing I wanted to do. Plus, when we stop this monster invasion, I'll just...leave them and don't have to see them anymore. I went to close my eyes, when Zach said something. \"I'm going to call my mom and warn her about the monsters,\" he broke the silence, taking his phone out of his hoodie pocket. He was about to dial his mom's number when he realized something. \"I don't what's going on with my phone.\" He raised his phone as Champ rolled down his window since he's not in the middle of the backseat this time, getting some fresh air. \"I can't get reception,\" Zach stated frustrated. I looked at his phone, seeing that it has no bars. \"Do you have it on data?\" I asked. \"No. Why?\" he replied, raising a brow at me, lowering his phone. I held out my hand. \"Give me your phone,\" I requested. He handed his phone to me. \"If I put it on data, maybe it'll work,\" I told him. I went on his network settings and found the data. I turned it on, then raised it in front of me. Nope. No bars. \"Sorry. Here.\" I handed his phone back to him. \"I thought it'll work...\" \"It's okay,\" he sighed, tucking his phone back in his pocket, knowing that his phone is now useless. \"I just don't know why my phone isn't working.\" \"Slappy's taken down the cell-phone towers…that's what I do...\" Stine spoke in a mysteries voice. \"He's cutting us off... Isolating us...\" That's when we heard thumping on the roof of the car, like someone is on it. \"W-What was that?\" Champ stuttered. There was more thumping, until it stopped, and hand prints showed on the front window of the car. There was also annoying giggle and Stine groaned. \"Ugh, it's the Invisible Boy, he's a menace,\" he griped as we heard the annoying thing crawling back onto the roof of the car. Then there was a loud slap coming from Champ's face. \"Ow!\" He raised his hand to where he got slapped, and I knew how it felt to get...hit. Suddenly, to our horror, Champ was being pulled halfway out of the car. \"Help! Help me! Help!\" Zach and Hannah quickly grabbed him, trying to keep him in the car, and as I went to help, I saw that his tie was being pulled by the invisible monster. I tried to hit it, but with no success. \"Ha-ha, ha-ha.\" The Boy began laughing, and it was so annoying. \"Shove him out the window. Roll up the window,\" Stine ordered as he continued driving. \"He's got his tie!\" Zach yelled back in a frantic voice. \"Help me, he won't let of me,\" Champ continued to cry out. I kept trying to hit the monster, but it wasn't easy since he's, well...invisible. \"Help me!\" he cried, getting more panicky. I even tried to shove the thing off of him. The Boy laughed. \"Help me, he won't let go,\" he mimicked, mocking the teen's voice. God, not only that he has annoying laugh, but he also has annoying voice. \"Let go, let go,\" he mocked again, thinking this whole scenario is joke. \"Let go of him, you obnoxious thing!\" I shrieked, starting to freak out since I'm having a hard time getting him off the awkward teen. I looked over at Stine. \"Step on it!\" I hollered. Stine look over at us, seeing our struggle. \"Hold on.\" He slammed on the gas pedal and all of us flung back into our seats, hearing the Boy fly off the car. \"Ahhh!\" Then we heard him land on the ground. \"Not cool!\" he cried out from the distance. Stine looked over at us. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. \"Yeah,\" Champ said. \"For sure,\" Zach nodded, panting. \"Yeah... \" I then noticed something up ahead. \"Wait… Wait, look out!\" I warned, pointing up to what I seeing. \"Whoa!\" Stine immediately saw what I was pointing at just in time, which is a light pole on the road, swerving away from it, before hitting something with the front of his car, making us flung forward then back. He looked at his daugher. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah…\" she answered, nodding her head. Stine looked over at us again. \"Everyone okay?\" We all nodded. \"It came out of nowhere…\" He noticed his daughter looking up, and he did the same, with us looking up slowly as well. Something began to stand up. Something huge and tall and green. Once it stood all the way up, it peered its head in the car, and all of us let out terrified screams. \"I don't remember writing about a giant praying mantis!\" Stine declared, realizing what it was now. The mantis reared back and spit on the car, the saliva getting all over the front window. \"Right, now I remembered. Its from A Shocker On Shock Street …\" he recalled. \"Get us out of here!\" I cried. Stine turned on the car, shifted the gear, and turned on the windshields, cleaning the spit off the front window. \"What are you doing?!\" I exclaimed. \"Well, I can't drive if I can't see,\" he argued. Good point. However, Zach didn't want to stand around. \"Just go!\" he yelled, hitting Stine's seat. \"Forget about cleaning off the saliva off your car and just go! \" Right away, Stine back the car up, turning it around and started driving away as the mantis chased us into town. Champ's mouth dropped open as we saw the giant bug going after us. \"Oh, my God!\" he declared as we saw it smash into a building, making it fall apart from the impack, flipping two cars out of the way, and that's when we all started yelling at Stine as it gained towards us. \"Watch out!\" \"Turn left!\" \"Stop driving straight!\" \"He's catching up!\" \"Step on it!\" \"Turn right!\" \"Does someone else want to drive?\" Stine hollered over the commotion, getting fed up. \"Cause I'll pull over right now.\" He turned to a left and we all screamed when we saw the praying mantis in front of us, raising its leg, and Stine quickly avoided it as it smash the road as we quickly turned to a Supermarket. \"Oh!\" Zach hit his forehead on the car ceiling as we bumped over one of the things that cars park in front of. Stine parked the car. \"Into the store, hurry,\" he urged, getting out of the car with us getting out as well, going inside the store just in time to see the praying mantis walked over to the car, picking it up and ripped open the roof, and not see us there anymore. Champ looked over at Stine. \"Why'd you have to come up with something so freaky?\" he asked, watching the mantis. Stine shrugged his shoulder, raising his brow. \"I just have a knack for it, I guess...\" The mantis dropped his car. \"Oh, no. My Wagoneer,\" he winced, seeing his car was now destroyed. \"I have such low mileage on it...\" \"And I bet it was a nice car, too,\" I added. \"It was,\" he replied. \"How far are we from the high school?\" Zach asked. \"Not too far,\" Hannah replied, walking away with Zach right next to her, and I saw Stine raise his brow again, only suspiciously this time. \"We can cut right through the cemetery,\" she told him. \"I'm sorry, a cemetery?\" he questioned, not understanding what Hannah is saying. \"God, relax. The high school's just past the woods.\" Just as she took another step, her father stopped her, grabbing her shoulder. \"Wait, how do you know that?\" he said, getting more suspicious. \"Uh, sometimes I get a little stir-crazy and go exploring...\" Hannah explained timidly towards her dad, twiddling her thumbs nervously. \"When?\" he questioned further, his attitude changing wanting to know more about her secret. \"At night… after you go to bed,\" she confessed. Stine pointed at her. \"You're grounded.\" Hannah scoffed and rolled her eyes. \"That is so unfair,\" she complained. \"No, it's fair.\" \"Guys, you're bringing good points…\" Zach spoke up. \"But let's keep moving while you argue.\" He then turned and walked away with Hannah right by his side. I looked back at Stine, who is shaking his head in disappointment. \"Sneaking off in the middle of the night with strange boys.\" \"Unbelievable,\" Champ agreed. \"Shut it.\" Stine began walking with us right behind him, almost passing by the sodas when Champ spoke up. \"Hey, hey, do you have dollar I could borrow?\" he asked. \"What? No,\" Stine returned, stopping at the sodas. \"Why?\" I replied. \"I'm parched.\" \"Well, just take one. I'm sure they'll understand,\" Stine told him, gesturing his hands as the different types of sodas. \"Really? Ha!\" Stine rolled eyes as Champ went over to the sodas, figuring out what to pick. \"Let's see…\" he began. \"Lemonade... grape... or strawberry...?\" \"Oh, good God, man.\" Stine grabbed one of the sodas, not wanting to waste any time waiting for the kid to pick out a drink. \"Here. Orange.\" He shoved the bottled drink into the teen's hand, then walked away as Champ smiled. He walked with him and I was about to do the same when the voice began talking to me again. Why are you still with them? It asked, sounding irritated. You have NO friends, so you should just go home now. Why? I narrowed my eyebrows, staring down at the floor. Because I said so. Do you remember what happened during your childhood? When those brats pretended to be your friends? Yeah… And also, I thought about leaving them after the monster invasion in this towns. Well, get away from those fools, right now. Besides, your worthless and you're nothing, the voice insulted, getting angry. Just go home and never come back to them, since they're only PRETENDING to be your stupid friends, you fool. Fine… I'll go. Good, cause Slappy would have you in his wooden hands. Gee, thanks for reminding me. I then went down the aisle. What are you doing? the voice exclaimed. Ignoring it, I caught up with Stine and Champ, hearing Zach talking to Hannah. \"I don't know what I was thinking. There is more going on then in New York.\" He noticed her looking at him, but not into his eyes. \"What?\" he asked and they both stopped. \"Uh, you cut yourself,\" she answered. He looked worried when she mentioned his injury. \"Is it bad?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" She kept on looking at him, licking her thumb. \"It's really bad...\" He pointed at himself. \"Is my face messed up?\" Why would he asked that? \"Yeah. Big time.\" She smirked at him, cleaning his cut. \"You look exactly the same,\" she said smiling up at Zach, who also returned the same feeling. I wanted to feel that way, too, but I can't. I can't smile anymore. Then we heard something, and Zach and Hannah walked over to the source of the noise with the rest of us coming up to them. Once we got to where they were, Zach held out his hand as if to stop us. Peering around the corner, all of us saw a wolf. No, a werewolf over at the meat section. It grabbed one of the frozen meats, gnawing on it, trying to eat it. While all of us stayed quite, not wanting the creature to see us, we then heard a fsst sound, breaking the silence, and we all turned our heads quickly to see Champ had opened up his soda that he was caring. \"Really?\" I mouthed, not wanting the werewolf to see us. \"You have to open it up just now?\" I can't believe he did that. Before he could answer, we quickly ran back to the other end as I was with Zach and Stine, while Champ is with Hannah. Zach gestured Hannah and Champ to go right, and we went in opposite direction. The three of us went to another aisle. \"Why would Champ do that?\" I whispered to Zach. \"He totally blew our cover,\" I complained. \"I know,\" he answered. That's when we saw Stine pick up a can of body spray, and started spraying all over himself. \"What are you doing?\" Zach asked. \"Yeah, why are you putting on body spray?\" I questioned. \"That's The Werewolf Of Fever Swamp , he can smell my scent,\" he explained. He continued to spray himself, even spraying the stuff in the air, walking through it, and did one more. \"Is it working?\" I asked him once he stopped. He sniffed under his arm. \"No, it's not working.\" He toss the can at Zach, who caught it in his hand. \"I have to hide.\" He then ran somewhere to hide. Zach put the can back on the shelf with the others. \"Come on, Hazel.\" He began to walk away, only I didn't move, looking at the body sprays, wondering why it didn't cover up Stine's scent. \"Hazel, let's go,\" he gestured, grabbing the sleeve of my shirt, remembering that I don't like to be touched. We walked over to where the pet stuff are at with Hannah and Champ right behind us as we peaked around the aisle where the dog toys are at. There, we saw Stine underneath the table of oranges, being very still as possible, the werewolf just over his head. It licked his face, drool dripping out of its mouth. The drool landed on Stine's forehead, slipping down on the side of his nose. He tried to shake it off, but it stuck there. \"Shh.\" Zach put his index finger to his lips. \"No, no, no.\" He signaled him to stay quite, only Stine shook his head, trying to get the drool off him. Hannah looked down at Zach. \"Do something,\" she urged, knowing her dad was at his limit. Looking at the toys, I grabbed a rubber turkey leg. \"Here,\" I whispered very softly. \"Throw it and the werewolf will go after it,\" I instructed towards Zach, taking it out of the package. Nodding his head at my idea, he took the rubber toy and, standing up slowly, he threw it as hard as he can. We heard it squeak on the floor and the werewolf went after it. \"Come on, come on.\" Zach waved his hand, motioning Stine to get out of his hiding spot. Stine spit out the drool that had got into his mouth, and crawled out from underneath the table of oranges, making is way towards us, standing back up. \"Come on, go, go, go,\" Zach said, after seeing the werewolf looking at us and figured out the rubber turkey leg is a fake, and it began chasing after us. \"He's on our tail,\" Stine said. \"Go,\" he commanded. I looked up to see the werewolf running on top of the freezer, and Champ let out scream. \"Go! He's right behind us!\" Zach cried out. I grabbed one of the tall carts, throwing it on the ground that was filled with food cans, making the werewolf trip over it, hitting his shoulder where the vegetables are at. \"Come. Go, go!\" he hollered as we all kept running. Stine ran backwards, smiling. \"Hahaha,\" he laughed, seeing that the werewolf had slowed down. \"Haha- Oh.\" He fell right into the shopping cart filled with food and Zach grabbed the handle with both hands, looking back, and I saw the animal recover, shaking its body like a real dog would do. \"I'm stuck,\" Stine grunted. \"Help me get out.\" But Zach started pushing the cart, the author still in the basket. \"What are you doing?\" \"There's no time!\" Zach answered. \"Just get me out of here.\" \"Gotta go. There's no time,\" he repeated, still pushing the cart. \"I said get me out-\" Stine started to protest again and me and him saw the werewolf going after us. \"Oh, no. Keep going. He's chasing us,\" he realized, understanding what Zach was telling him now, the werewolf barking at us. \"I'm going as I can.\" Zach looked back with a frantic look on his face. Stine picked up a bag of marshmallows, whistled, and threw it the wild monster, only for it to throw it aside and continued to bark. The three of us saw Champ and Hannah over at the door, and Zach hollered towards them. \"Just go. We're right behind you.\" \"Okay!\" Champ responded as he and Hannah ran out the door. I grabbed a can of peas that was also in the shopping cart and threw it at the werewolf's nose. It yelped in pain, stopping for a second. \"Ahh! Oh!\" I turned to see that the cart had tipped over to where the chips are at as he and Zach fell on the floor. \"Come on, we gotta go,\" I exclaimed, urging them to stand back up. \"Get up. Get up.\" I looked back at the werewolf. Zach helped Stine off the floor as the three of us ran towards the door. \"Come on, come on.\" Hannah motioned her hands quickly. \"Let's go, guys.\" Champ also did the same, urging us towards the exit. \"Come on, come on, come on,\" Hannah continued to say, and we quickly got out of the store and Stine slammed the door shut, locking it up. \"Ha!\" He walked towards with a victorious smile, proud of what he did. \"Let's see him get through that ,\" he declared. Then there was a loud bang sound coming from the door that he had locked. Then another one. \"Go, go! Run, run!\" I yelled, knowing what's going to happen next, and we all ran down the ramp when we heard the door bust open, flying onto the pavement. I looked back to see the werewolf barking, jumping over the railing, going after us. Running to the other side of store, we saw another door. Champ grabbed it and tried to open the door, but it wouldn't. \"It's lock,\" he told us. \"This way.\" Just as we were about to follow Stine, the werewolf was suddenly in front of us, growling, its claws scratching on the large trucks that bring food to the store. Stine held his arms out as we all backed up towards the wall of the building. The werewolf stopped and let out a roar when a car came out of nowhere, hitting it and it sailed into the dumpster, whimpering as the lid fell and trapped the werewolf inside. \"I'm okay.\" The airbag flew out of the steering wheel at the person who ran into the monster. \"I'm still okay!\" As the person got out of the car, I saw a familiar woman that has white fur all over her shirt and in her hair. \"Who is that?\" Hannah asked. \"That's my aunt Lorraine,\" Zach told her. \"Oh, my gosh.\" Lorraine went over to where she hit the creature. \"I think I just killed that bear,\" she informed us with worry. \"It was actually a werewolf,\" I corrected her. She gave me a confused look, squinting her eyes. \"...what?\" \"Aunt Lorraine, what are you doing here?\" Zach walked up to his aunt as all of came over to her. \"This is the back of my store,\" she explained, and I looked over to see a sign that has her name on it, indicating that she works here. \"I couldn't get ahold of your mother or the cops or anyone...\" Her voice trailed off when she saw Stine in front of her. \"Hello,\" she greeted, her face turning pink. \"Uh, hi. Hello,\" Stine stuttered, his face doing the same color. \"Hi. I don't think we've been properly introduced...\" She held out her hand, using the other one to flick her hair out of her face. \"Um... I'm... I'm Lorraine,\" she told him, smiling her cheery smile that I had seen on her when I first met her in Zach's house. \"Hello. R.L.,\" he introduced back, placing his hand on hers. \"We owe you a great debt of gratitude. Your reckless driving...\" He looked down to see that she put her other hand on top of his and he did the same. \"...saved our lives,\" he finished. \"Oh, that old thing?\" she replied, feeling flattered at his comment. \"Lorraine. Lorraine,\" Zach spoke up. \"So...\" \"Lorraine.\" He finally got her attention, Lorraine looking at her nephew camly, letting go of Stine's hands. \"We don't have time,\" he told her as we all began walking away. \"I need you to go to the police station and tell them to meet us at the high school,\" he instructed her. \"Alright? Can you do that?\" he asked, hoping it's not much of a big deal for her. She nodded. \"I can do that. Okay,\" she replied to his request. And as we ran, we heard her hollering out, \"Oh, did you want to exchange numbers?\" Stine quickly replied with, \"It's not a good time, but yes!\" We all hurried to the graveyard and I hope we don't meet anymore monsters. And boy was I wrong.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Ghouls And Sadler Ghosts Entering into the graveyard, I couldn't help but to feel like that we are being watched. Each step I took sent a chill down my spine, and my mind kept going back and forth, thinking that these three kids of my age are only pretending to be my friends... Just like the voice is telling me. However, something else came into my mind, too. The one where Zach asked, 'How come I never seen you smile?' I sighed to myself, where no one else can see it as I walked next to Stine with Champ on the other side, kicking a rock out of my way. And when I asked Stine if they are my friends, he actually gave me a shocked look on his face, and when he asked me why I think they are not my friends, all I gave him was 'I don't know'. Maybe... Maybe I am being crazy. Only... how can I tell if these people are my friends? I've been through a lot growing up. I kicked another rock, shoving my hands deep into my pocket, thinking, my mind racing over to the evil, wooden puppet that wants me, making my arm do a slight jerk. \"Oh, God, this a bad idea...\" Champ looked around nervously, and jumped when he heard a snap sound. \"What was that?\" he yelped, his eyes darting back and forth, until he tripped and fell. \"Are you okay?\" Stine asked, helping the boy back on his feet as I watched. \"Yeah, yeah. Yeah.\" He brushed himself off. \"Yeah. Just a root. Nothing scary here.\" \"So how did you get the nickname 'Champ'?\" Stine questioned. \"It's not a nickname,\" Champ told him. I gave him a surprised look. \"Wait, that's your real name?\" I replied. \"My full name is Champion,\" he explained, and Stine started snickering. \"Your actually name is Champion...\" He looked over at the boy who gave him a hurt look. \"Sorry,\" he apologized. \"My dad won a bronze back in the '92 Olympics,\" Champ began telling his story of how he got his name. \"Really?\" By the tone of his voice, I can tell that Stine was interested by the story, and so was I... It was like how I got the name of 'Hazel' cause of my eye color. Even though people had already notice, and I don't need to actually tell them. \"My mom...\" Champ continued tell his story. \"...she was an all-American sprinter and a two-time world debate champion. So...\" He shrugged his shoulders, smiling. \"They named me 'Champ'.\" He kicked a rock out of his way, watching it bounce off a gravestone. \"Only... I'm not the best at everything...\" He sighed, kicking another one out of the way. \"I'm... basically afraid of everything.\" He then turned to me. \"I'm not sure if I asked you this, but, um... How did you got your name?\" \"Hmm?\" I returned, snapping out of my thoughts. \"How did you got the name 'Hazel?\" he repeated. I breathed out of my nose. \"From the eye color...\" I merely answered. I sighed, slightly loudly this time, and looked over at Stine. \"Can I say something to you?\" I asked. \"Sure, go ahead,\" he responded, waiting for what I have to say. \"Well, this isn't going to be easy for me to say, but...\" I rubbed the back of my head. \"Were you...\" I struggled to get the words out of my mouth. \"Go on...\" Stine waited patiently. \"All I'm trying to ask is... were you... beating your own...daughter...?\" I flinched by the time the words came out of my mouth. I turned my head, seeing a surprised look on his face. Stine adjusted his glasses for like the hundredth time that night. \"Why would you think I was hurting my own daughter...?\" I bit my bottom lip. \"I don't know... It just came to me when I was doing my final walk before I hit for bed until now. I heard you and Hannah arguing, and right before I knew it, she was screaming bloody murder when I heard a crash in your house, and the lights going out,\" I explained. \"And also...\" I added. \"Why did you lie to the cops, saying that she moved to London?\" Stine sighed heavily. \"I just don't want them to know about my secret,\" he answered. \"The one about the monsters that are now reeking havoc around town?\" I replied. He did a small nod. I sighed. \"You know... I didn't want to tell you or anyone about my past childhood, but... maybe I'm ready.\" \"Oh?\" He looked at me. \"What was your childhood like? I know you told me you don't have real parents anymore... So did you have foster parents?\" I opened my mouth. \"Well, actually...\" \"RUN!\" I heard a cry from behind us. We all turned to see Zach and Hannah running towards us with zombie creatures chasing them. Zach shoved one onto the ground. Stine recognized what they are. \"Ghouls. Go, go.\" He gave Champ a quick shove, getting him to run, while I stood there for a small second. \"Hazel, run!\" Stine cried out, grabbing my sleeve of my shirt. \"Go!\" He pulled me in front of him, and I ran with him right behind me, the others right ahead of us as we caught up with them at the gates. \"Oh, they're getting closer,\" Champ manage to say once we got to the gates, and Stine held it open for us, since there was a chain that kept the gates from fully opening. \"Go. Here. Go. Go.\" Stine waved his hand for us to get through between the gates, and we did. \"Come on. Come on. Go, go, go,\" Zach urged Stine as he began to go through between the gates. \"Hurry. Quick, quick, quick.\" But Stine can only get halfway out of the gates. \"I'm stuck,\" he told us. \"Go on without me. Save yourself,\" he said in a slight dramatic way. \"Okay, good luck.\" Champ turned and started running down the path. Stine's mouth dropped open. \"No, I didn't mean it, Champion! \" he yelled out, but the teen kept on going. \"What kind of monster would take me up for that offer?\" He looked at the ghouls that were grabbing him. \"Get away from me,\" he commanded, then turned to us. \"Pull. Everybody pull.\" Zach and Hannah grabbed him, while I grabbed the front of his shirt, pulling him out between the gates, and we all fell on the dirt ground. \"I'll kill him.\" Stine stood up as we did the same. \"Where is that little imbecile?\" He started running with us right behind him. \"Wait for us, you coward! \" he hollered. Slappy I slammed my wooden fist on the desk, glaring at Dr. Maniac and Purple Rage. \"You don't have her?!\" I cried in an angry voice. \"I told you to get that girl before I get rid of papa!\" My eyes glared at them through the sunglasses that I was wearing. \"Why don't you have her!?\" I demanded, my voice doing a high raspy sound in my throat. \"We thought it'll be a good idea for you to wait for awhile...\" \"Why?!\" I contorted, cutting Purple Rage off his words. \"Let's just say she got a bit, no, very... sick when I mentioned you,\" Maniac grinned, showing his straight row of upper and bottom teeth. \"I don't care!\" I got up from the chair, standing on the desk, grabbing him by the hair. \"I've already noticed back at papa's study room,\" I hissed, pulling him close to my face. \"I want her... to freak her out even more...\" I seized, gripping his hair tightly. \"Can you at least wait for the right timing?\" he asked, pulling his hair out of my hand. \"You know... when nobody else is watching?\" \"I-\" I stopped yelling, a grin spreading all over my face. \"You know... that's not a bad idea,\" I said, thinking. \"When nobody is watching, use anything to get her to you guys, then bring her to me.\" \"What about Stine Boy?\" Maniac questioned, fixing his hair. \"I'll deal with him, then! Now go!\" I pointed out the door. Once they left, I sat back down on the chair, putting my wooden hands on my face. \"Monsters,\" I muttered, shaking my head. \"You can live with them, you can't live without them.\" I then heard the door open. \"Hello?\" a voice spoke, which sounded like a lady. \"Is anyone in here?\" I then heard her speak into the microphone that was at the front desk. \"Calling all cops, calling all the cops. Head to the high school. My nephew's in trouble. He's with R.L. Stine. They think they know how to stop all this.\" She stopped speaking into the microphone, pressing the button. \"Hello? Can anyone hear me?\" \" I can hear you.\" I lifted the blinds up, revealing myself to the lady, who now has a shocked look on her face. \"Sargent Slappy, ready to protect and serve,\" I stated. The startled look didn't leave her face and her mouth dropped opened. \"Oh, my goodness. You're...\" she began. \"Don't do it...\" I warned. \"...a talking...\" she added. \"Don't say it...\" I kept on warning. \"...dummy,\" she finished. \"You said it.\" The two Bug-Eyed Aliens walked into the room, freezing the woman who let out a terrified yell once she got frozen. \"You have the right to remain...\" I paused. \"...silence.\" I looked at the Bug-Eyed Aliens. \"Thank you, boys.\" I let out a laugh. \"Now... before I get to the high school, I just need that girl, then... I'll get rid of you, papa!\" I opened my mouth, letting out an evil laugh. Hazel By the time we caught up to Champ, Stine gave him an angry look. \"Why did you run off like that!?\" he roared. \"You said to save to yourself,\" Champ answered. \"I was being dramatic, I didn't really mean it,\" Stine told him. Champ looked down. \"Oh... Sorry,\" he murmured. \"Come on, we should get going before more monsters come at us,\" I advised. \"Plus, I don't want to get captured by Maniac and Purple Rage, and be taken to Slappy.\" I shuddered. \"Yeah, we should-\" A twig snapped, cutting Stine off. \"What was that?\" Hannah scooted closer to her father, and Zach picked up a very thick stick that was half his size. Another snap, and Champ let out a yelp, going behind Zach. Three figures appeared from the trees, walking towards us. Two boys and one girl. The one boy seemed to be about twelve, tall and thin with short brown hair, and some freckles across his nose. The girl looks about to eleven years old, with short brown hair. The other boy, who seems a lot younger, which looks about five, with large ears that poked through his light blonde hair, and blue eyes, while the other two have hazel eyes like mine, their skin tone is the color of Caucasian like Zach's. The girl and the younger boy also have freckles on their noses, too. The older boy wore a black-sleeved baseball shirt, and grey cargo shorts and shoes. The girl wore a violet headband on her head, a sleeveless pink T-shirt, dark purple cropped trousers and purple shoes, while the younger boy wore a red and yellow striped shirt and black shorts, along with dark, blue sneakers. \"The Sadlers,\" Stine gasped once they stopped in front of us. \"That's right...\" The older boy stepped forward. \"...dad.\" The girl giggled. \"I can't believe you even remember us,\" she mused, giving a smirk. \"Even after you created us back in August of nineteen nighty-four.\" She looked over at Hannah. \"Hey there, Hannah,\" she tried to say in a friendly way, but it came out wickedly. \"I bet you don't even remember me or my brothers.\" She let out another giggle. \"Of course I do,\" Hannah spoke, going over to them. Stine grabbed her, pulling her behind him. I, however, blinked. \"Who are you...?\" I manage to ask. The older boy cast a glare at me. \"Hello? We're the Sadlers, you worthless girl,\" he snapped. \"Just like our dad mentioned.\" He pointed at Stine. \"I am not your dad!\" Stine clenched his hands into fist. \"And you don't call Hazel worthless,\" he added. \" Hazel? \" The girl let out a scornful laugh. \"That's the most ridiculous name I ever heard!\" She pointed at me, laughing. \"How did you got that name, loser?\" \"Don't call me that...\" I tried to say, tears brimming in my eyes. \"You can clearly tell how I got my name...\" But her laughing made it even worse for me to try to explain to these three kids. Even though they're younger then us, those words sank into my skin. \"Oh, right.\" The girl took a deep breath, calming herself down. \"It's because of your eyes. I get it.\" She shrugged. \"Still, it's the most ridiculous name I and my brothers ever heard.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Zach stepped forward, the stick in his hands. \"Then who are you?\" he challenged. \"You want to know our names?\" the older boy smirked, not scared at all by Zach nor his weapon. \"Well, let me introduce myself and my siblings. I'm Jerry Sadler...\" He pointed at himself. \"This is Terri Sadler...\" He pointed at the girl, then the smaller boy. \"And this is Nat Sadler. We're from the book Ghost Beach ,\" he told us. \"What do you want?\" Stine demanded. \"Oh... nothing,\" Nat finally spoke up, grinning an evil grin. \"Just... wanted to, let's just say... do destruction on this town...\" He giggled. \"You're ghosts?\" Champ squealed from behind Zach. \"Of course we are!\" Terri seethed. \"We are ghosts.\" \"What gave it away? The title that I mentioned?\" Jerry questioned in an irritated voice. \"It's a good thing that Slappy let us out. We missed being out of our book, scaring the daylights out of people...\" He snickered. \"All of you monsters are going to be gone for good,\" Stine vowed from earlier. \"Every single one of you.\" He pointed at each ghost, eyes narrowing at each of them. \"Oooh, I'm so scared,\" Terrie mocked sarcastically. \"No way, you'll stop us.\" \"Yes, he will!\" I took the stick out of Zach's hand. \"Stine will stop you and all the monsters that he has ever created!\" Jerry grabbed the stick from the other end. \"Our own dad wouldn't do that to us... right?\" He glanced at Stine. \"Yes, he will,\" I said, yanking the stick away from him as he kept his smirk on his face. That smirk which brought me back when I was younger... \"Get lost... or else.\" \"Or else, what?\" Jerry crossed his arms, coming closer to me. \"What are you going to do?\" \"This!\" I swung the stick, hitting him right at the side of his head, knocking him onto the ground. \"Jerry!\" his two siblings shrieked. \"Go! Run!\" I yelled, dropping the stick. We all ran, and we heard Jerry yelling out behind us. \"You can run, but you can't hide!\" His words echoed around us. By the time we made it out of the woods, we stopped, and Hannah turned to me. \"Why'd you do that?\" she asked me, catching her breath. \"Hey, I just did it,\" I answered. \"At least you didn't let those hurtful words get to you.\" Champ pat me on the shoulder, and I flinched. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"Forgot that you don't like to be touched.\" \"It's fine. The words did got me under my skin, but I shook it off.\" I frowned. \"They did remind me of everything back when I was a kid.\" \"Speaking of your childhood,\" Stine brought up. \"Mind telling us about it since Zach cut you off.\" \"Um...\" I stepped back. \"Even though I said I was ready, let's stop these evil things first. Then maybe, just maybe, I'll tell you.\" \"She's right.\" Zach nodded. \"First the monsters, then you can tell us about your childhood. Only when you're ready.\" He did a quick grin, and I didn't grin back. \"Friends 'til the end, right?\" he asked. \"What does that mean?\" Champ responded. \"It's just a saying,\" he explained. \"So... we aren't friends?\" \"Yes, Champ, we are.\" Zach rolled his eyes. \"It means that... Ugh, nevermind. Let's just get to the high school and warn everybody.\" He started jogging down the path to the high school with the others following. Friends 'til the end... Are they really my friends? I wish I can just ask them, but... I sighed. I still think they are just pretending. And if they are, will I feel happy again? Sighing again, I ran to catch up with them. Again, only time will tell me. Slappy I walked out of the police station when the lawn gnomes came up to me. \"I was wondering when you little things will come back,\" I said. They started talking in their small voices. \"Yeah, yeah, yeah. They broke you into pieces, whatever.\" Just then Maniac and Purple Rage came back. \"Ugh! I told you to get that girl!\" I was getting really frustrated with these two. \"Yeah, about that...\" Maniac spoke. \"Where should we get her?\" \"They're going to the high school.\" All of us turned to see Jerry and his two siblings right behind him, running up to us. They stopped, panting. \"We saw them going down the path to the high school,\" he repeated, catching his breath. \"What happen to you?\" I asked, noticing a bruise on the side of his head. \"Some girl called Hazel hit me with a stick,\" he quickly explained. \"Hazel... I'm surprised that she did that. So you said that she and the others are heading to the high school, am I right?\" Terri nodded. \"That's right,\" she panted. I clapped my hands together. \"We're going to the high school,\" I declared. I got in the car, rolling down the window, looking at Dr. Maniac and Purple Rage. \"You remember what to do, right?\" \"Use anything to get her to us when no one is looking,\" Purple Rage remembered. \"Good... when no one is watching.\" I pointed a finger at them. \"But if you fail... you'll pay the consequences. Understand?\" \"Yes, sir,\" they both saluted. \"Let's go.\" The Haunted Car started up, and we all headed to the high school. Hazel When we reached the school, we entered the building, walking around. \"Where did they put my typewriter?\" Stine asked out loud. \"I know it was this way. It might be the other way. We should split up,\" he suggested, but Champ didn't think so. \"What? No. We should never split up. Have you read one of your books?\" he responded. \"Come on. How many display cases could there be?\" Hannah grabbed Champ. \"Come on, Hazel.\" \"Coming,\" I replied, and followed them. We began looking for the typewriter. I didn't see anyone else, besides the people I'm with, looking at all the posters on the walls of the hallways, until I spotted something in one of the display cases. \"Hey guys, I found the typewriter,\" I exclaimed, going over to it. \"Awesome,\" Hannah declared. \"Good eye, Hazel.\" \"...thanks...\" \"Let's go tell dad.\" Hannah jogged down the hallway. \"Dad! Zach!\" She kept on hollering, her voice echoing. We didn't find them until we got to one of the classrooms that we entered. \"There you are.\" She stopped, noticing the looks on their faces. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, walking towards Zach. \"You look like you just saw a ghost,\" she said in a joking manner, but Zach didn't laugh, and she took notice to that. \"Okay. Well, come on. Thanks to Hazel, we found the typewriter.\" As she, Champ, and Stine left the room, I stared at Zach, noticing something is up. \"...are you okay?\" I asked. \"Huh?\" He shook his head. \"Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"...Alright.\" I wasn't too convinced on what he just told me. We ran out of the room, catching up with the others at the display case where I saw the typewriter. \"Oh, my sweet darling, I've missed you so much. Mwah.\" Stine gave the typewriter a kiss, before closing typewrite case, then took it out of the display case. He held the handle of his typewriter case that the typewriter was in. \"Alright, so start writing,\" Zach urged. \"Yes, but what's the story?\" Stine began thinking. \"What do you mean? Monsters lose, good guys win, the end,\" Zach kept on urging him to write. However, Stine shook his head. \"No, no, no,\" he said. \"It doesn't work unless it's a real Goosebumps story, with twists and turns and frights,\" he explained, then smiled at Zach. \"Not to mention some personal growth for our hero.\" Zach blinked. \"...what?\" \"Go to the gym. Warn everyone,\" Stine ignored his question, walking away with the typewriter in his hand. \"Tell them to barricade the doors.\" \"Where are you going?\" Zach called out, making Stine stop. \"To find someplace to write,\" he answered. \"Slappy's going to come after me. I have a deadline.\" He looked at his watch, then back at us. \"Literally. Now go,\" he urged. \"Hazel, come with me,\" he gestured. \"It'll be easier to keep you safe from him if you're with me.\" I nodded. \"Got it.\" Just as I was about to follow Stine to where ever he was going, I felt something hit me from behind. \"Ow.\" I looked down to see something on the floor, making me tilt my head to one side. A penny? Who in the world would throw a penny at me? Another one hit the floor, further this time. Then another. I didn't pick them up, I just followed each time another one hit the tile floor, leading me out the front door. By the time I stepped out of the school, I heard laughing. \"Hey, coins do work,\" a voice exclaimed with insane laughter, making my heart go up in my throat. \"Great idea, Purple Rage. Coins make great bait.\" I turned to see Dr. Maniac and Purple Rage walking up to me. Maniac grinned. \"Hello, girly...\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Monsters Attack Zach I walked into the gym where the dance is being taken place. Of course, the dancing that everyone is doing is, well... awful, as I made my way through the high schoolers with Hannah right behind me. \"Excuse me,\" I said. \"Coming through.\" I continued my way through the dancing crowd. \"Come on. We gotta get to the stage.\" I turned to see that Hannah isn't behind me anymore, so I went back to her, seeing a happy smile on her face. \"So this is what a high school dance is like,\" she said thrilled. \"Uh, yeah...\" I looked around, grabbing her hand, pulling her through the crowd. \"Usually, the dancing's...\" I looked around watching everyone doing their horrible dancing. \"...better. But you get the idea.\" \"That what they call dancing?\" Hannah asked. I shrugged. \"...I'm not sure,\" I answered honestly. \"Zach.\" I looked around, hearing my name being called, until I spotted my mom. \"Mom. Mom.\" I went up to her. \"Zach,\" she said. \"I was so worried. I couldn't get hold of you or Lorraine.\" \"I know. I know. Mom, everyone in here is in danger. We have to barricade the school...\" I saw a disbelief look on my mom's face. \"Oh, no, Zach.\" Mom shook her head. \"Not this again...\" \"He's telling you the truth.\" Hannah stepped forward and held out her hand. \"I'm Hannah,\" she introduced. \"I live next door.\" \"Alright. Okay, everyone, listen up. Okay?\" Me, Hannah, including everyone else saw Champ on the stage, the music dying out when he started speaking into the microphone. \"Okay. Everybody, you gotta listen up...\" \"Champ.\" I waved my hand. \"Get down,\" I urged. However, Champ didn't get off that stupid stage. \"I have something to say...\" he struggled as everyone stared at him from the floor. \"Uh... wow. Okay...um...\" Sweat came to his forehead. \"Uh, okay, uh...\" Rolling my eyes, I walked onto the stage. \"Listen to my best friend, Zach.\" Champ shoved the microphone into my hands, almost making me drop it. \"Just... Just tell them,\" he told me. I rolled my eyes again. \"Thanks, Champ.\" I brought the microphone up to my mouth and spoke into it. \"Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Um... This is going to sound insane, but...\" God, I can't believe I'm doing this. \"...monsters have invaded Madison.\" The reaction I got was laughter. They thought I was joking! \"Guys, it's the truth. Okay?\" Champ tried to defend me, only to fail miserably. \"He's telling the truth. It's... He's not making this up...\" \"They've blocked every road in town,\" I kept on trying to tell them. \"They've torn down the cell towers, and we've been cut off from the rest of the world. And they could be here any second, so we need to work to...\" \"Ahh!\" a kid yelled out, interrupting me. \"He's right.\" He looked out the window then back at the crowd. \"It's the Boogeyman. And he's picking his nose.\" Everyone burst out laughing again. I let out a heavy breath. \"I'm not making...\" \"Ahh!\" he yelled out again, looking out the window then back at the crowd again. \"There's a giant bug, and it's eating everybody's cars!\" \"Uh, it's getting old, dude,\" another one spoke, the laughter that is now dead. \"No, seriously!\" Suddenly, the wall broke apart, and the kid was picked up by the praying mantis from outside, making everyone scream when they saw it. I turned to my friends. \"They're here.\" Hazel \"Hello, girly...\" I gasped, looking up to see Dr. Maniac and Purple Rage. I stepped away from them, pressing my back against the school building. \"What do you want?\" I asked, my voice weak and shrill. \"Slappy just wants to see you,\" Maniac sneered, stepping towards me. I felt my arm do a small jerk. \"Why?\" I responded, my voice getting a bit bolder. \"Just to freak me out?\" I scooted down the wall, my eyes locked on the villains. \"Probably...\" he snickered. \"Have you ever noticed that you get very, well... anxious when you hear or see Slappy? Because we did.\" \"That's because I'm afraid of dolls and ventriloquist dummies,\" I confessed. \"And I'm suppose to be with Stine. He's the one who's keeping me safe.\" \"Oh, really?\" Purple Rage scoffed. \"Then why are you here?\" \"You made me come towards you!\" I curled my hands into tight fist. \"Stine is going to stop you once and for all,\" I declared, my eyes casting glares at them. \"And so will my friends.\" \"Are they your friends...?\" Maniac questioned me. \"I-\" I paused, thinking. Are they? \"I'm... I'm not sure... But I keep asking myself this, and they are friends...\" \"Ha!\" he laughed. \"How do you know that?\" \"...\" I hesitated before speaking again. \"Because I do know. The voice in my head keeps saying that I have no friends,\" I told them, walking towards them. \"And I know I shouldn't listen to it...\" \"Or maybe you should...\" Maniac kept on sneering. \"You don't know anything about me...\" I seethed. \"True... but Slappy does.\" I blew a razzberry. \"Yeah, right,\" I scoffed in disbelief. \"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go and find Stine. I was suppose to be with him.\" I began to walk away, when Purple Rage grabbed me by the arm, and I flinched at the feeling of being touched. \"Let go!\" I cried. \"Slappy wants you,\" he growled, spitting into my face. \"Let go, I don't like to be touched!\" I struggled to get free, but with no use as I was dragged over away from the school towards a black car, and thrown onto the ground, seeing a license plate that read Haunted on it. I sat up when the car door opened and shut. \"Hey there,\" Slappy greeted, grinning his creepy grin. I turned away from him, ignoring him. \"Why are you not afraid?\" he asked, going in front of me, lifting my chin up with his wooden finger, and I slapped it away. \"Get away from me...\" I warned. \"You know... you seem to have a pretty rough childhood, am I right?\" he said, ignoring my warning. \"Shut up...\" I hissed. \"You don't need to know anything about me.\" \"Oh?\" He lifted up a wooden brow. \"But weren't you going to tell papa?\" \"How do you know that...?\" I replied, standing up and getting onto my feet. \"I'm smart,\" he answered. \"Smart enough to know that you...\" He pointed at me. \"...had a rough childhood. You have no friends, and papa betrayed you like he did to me. As well as your other friends.\" \"Those two idiots lure me out here,\" I protested. \"And Stine didn't betray me nor my friends!\" \"Are you sure?\" he questioned, his eyes lingering at me. I opened my mouth to speak, when I heard screaming from the school, and saw the giant praying mantis picking up some kid out of the school where the gym is. Slappy laughed. \"Haha! Now this is a real homecoming!\" he proclaimed, taking the key out of his pocket of his tux, holding it in front of the lawn gnomes. \"Take this. Invite the rest of our friends to the party,\" he told them. He was about to drop the key when I snatched it away from him. \"Hey!\" he protested. \"Give that back!\" \"You're not releasing anymore monsters, gremlin!\" I wrapped my fingers around the key. \"Stine will stop you!\" \"In your dreams, girly!\" He jumped, reaching for the key. \"Now give me that key... or else.\" \"Or else, what?\" I retorted. \"You are not letting out anymore monsters, Slappy.\" \"Give me that key!\" Slappy yelled, jumping for it. \"You're worse then papa!\" \"Really?\" I said. \"Then I guess I have to give this to your 'papa'.\" Slappy growled, glaring his brown eyes into mine. \"Give...me...that...key...\" he said slowly. \"I'm not giving it to you, dummy!\" I exclaimed. \"Who you calling dummy? Dummy,\" he snarled. \"Now give me back that key! Hazel, I'm warning you. We can do this the easy way... or the hard way. Which is it?\" \"I'm choosing neither,\" I refused. \"You're not having this key, Slappy.\" \"Just give it to me!\" he screeched. \"I want revenge on papa, but you're just slowing us down! Give me that key!\" \"What did he ever do to you?!\" I cried, still not giving him the key. \"He locked me up in a book! Back in Chicago!\" He jumped for the key again. \"Is there a reason why?\" I questioned further, my fear turning into anger. \"To get revenge, but it never worked! Give me that key!\" \"You're not having it!\" Raising my foot, I kicked Slappy, sending him back a few feet. Slappy grunted when he hit the ground. Then, slowly, he turned his head towards me, glaring daggers into my eyes. \"You shouldn't have done that, Hazel...\" Suddenly, he got up and knocked me to the ground. \"Now give me that key,\" he ordered, trying to pry my fingers open. \"Get off me!\" I cried, trying to shove him off of me. \"Slappy, get off! I'm not giving it to you!\" I kept a good grip on the key, using my left hand to try and push him off. \"Slappy, stop it! Get off! You're not- OW! \" I screamed, when I felt his wooden jaw clamped down onto my arm, near my wrist, biting down hard. \"Ow! Slappy, let go!\" I kept on screaming. But he bit down harder, and I can feel his upper and bottom teeth go through the sleeve of my shirt, sinking into my skin, cutting into it. \"LET GO OF ME!\" Using my other hand, I transferred the key, then threw it as hard as I could. Then I grabbed the back of Slappy's tux, ripping my arm out of his mouth. I got up, staggering back, gasping, then ran towards the school building. \"Just to let you know,\" I heard Slappy yelling out to me. \"When I bite, I marked you! And it'll be permitted except when I get suck back into a book, which will be never!\" His laugh echoed into the sky. I ran inside the school, looking for Stine. \"Where is he?\" I asked out loud, then saw the auditorium, running into it, slamming the door shut, gasping for breath. Stine jumped from his seat. \"Hazel?\" He had a surprised look on his face. \"I thought you were with me.\" \"Those two goons brought me over to Slappy,\" I quickly explained, holding my arm. \"And Slappy bit me !\" I screeched in a high, shrill voice, going over to him. \"He did what!?\" he roared, getting up off his seat from the table where he had set his typewriter down. \"He bit you!?\" \"I'm not lying, right?\" I replied. \"And if I was, then I wouldn't been shaking. He even yelled out that he marked me. What the hell does that mean?!\" I cried. I ran to the table, kicking it. \"Dammit!\" I cursed. \"Let me see,\" Stine requested. I hesitated, then moved my sleeve up, showing it to him. He looked at it, his eyes going wide. \"Karru Marri Odonna Loma Molonu Karrano,\" he suddenly read. \"What did you just say?!\" I cried out again. \"He did marked you, Hazel. Just like he said. Those words translate to You And I Are One Now ,\" he told me. The color drained out of my face. \"...no...\" I backed away. \"No!\" I yelled out, tears streaming down my face. \"No! No! No!\" I began kicking the table again. \"No! No! No!\" I kept on yelling \"Hazel, Hazel.\" I felt Stine grabbed me, pulling me away from the table, and I squirmed away at the feeling of being touched. \"Relax; calm down. What else did tell you?\" he asked I looked down at the floor. \"...he's says it's only permitted except when he gets suck into a book,\" I mumbled. \"Is that true...?\" Stine let out a sigh. \"I'm not sure... Slappy has never bitten anyone. Not even me. But... we'll see. For now, sit over there, while I start writing.\" At least he's being honest. I wasn't so sure, either. I walked over to where Stine told me to sit. I sat down, mumbling to myself as I listen to what Stine is typing. \"The night was cold...\" He paused, thinking about it for a second. \"Cold was the night.\" I heard him took the paper out of the typewriter, placing a new one in, and began typing again. You And I Are One Now... Those words stayed with me. Also, there's something else that I didn't tell Stine. About where Slappy says that Stine and my friends had betrayed me, just like how it happened to him... Suddenly, we heard a crash, and people yelling. I'm guessing that Slappy had already released the rest of the monsters... Champ Oh, God, I can't believe I'm doing this. When I saw the monsters burst through the barricade doors, I have to find somewhere to hide. That is, until I heard voices. \"We should be helping,\" a voice argued, which I clearly recognized. \"We should be leaving ,\" another voice protested, sounding like a male, until I heard two startled yelps, and saw a boy running around the corner. \"What? What? Where are you going?\" the same female voice cried out. \"We are so...\" The voice stopped. \"...through.\" I then heard pleading and begging, and I peered around the corner. I gasped when I saw the werewolf stalking towards Taylor. \"Please, no. Please. No, please.\" She backed away from it, bumping into the water fountain. I gotta do something. So, with a yell, I ran towards the werewolf, jumping on it. The werewolf barked and growled, trying to throw me off, but I held my grip, refusing to let go. It rammed me into lockers, but I didn't let go. I kept holding onto the wild dog. Opening my mouth, I bit down on werewolf's shoulder and neck. It let out a yelping pain when it felt a burning sizzle on his fur and skin, flinging me off of him, and I landed harshly on the floor, watching the werewolf whimper as it scampered away. \"Oh, my God.\" I heard high-heels clatter towards me, and saw Taylor kneeling down in front of me. \"How'd you do that?\" she asked amazed. \"Oh, um...\" I opened my mouth. \"Silver fillings,\" I explained. \"I have a ton of cavities. When I was ten, I didn't brush my teeth for a whole year.\" I made a face, feeling something in my mouth. \"Ugh,\" I said. \"Werewolf hair...\" I took some bits of hair out my mouth. \"Oh.\" I felt her hug me, surprising me. She then gazed into my eyes. \"You saved my life, Chump,\" Taylor said. My face glowed red. \"It's actually 'Champ',\" I corrected her. Then, without me realizing it, she began to kiss me, surprising me even more. When she was finished, I had a smile on my face. \"I was just gonna say 'hug me again', but yeah, yeah, that works, too,\" I grinned as she let out a light laugh. \"Come on, let's go find the others.\" I took her hand, and we started searching for my friends. Hazel I stared at the words that Slappy gave me with Stine still typing on his typewriter. \"All the monsters have converged,\" he typed. \"The vicious vampire bats... the praying mantis... the Haunted Mask...\" \"Forgetting somebody...?\" I gasped when I heard another voice in the room, and so did Stine as he stopped typing. \"Slappy...\" Stine breathed out, and the lights went on, and we saw him sitting at one of the row of seats. \"How did you find us?\" he asked. Slappy laughed. \"I know you. I created you.\" He then turned his head in thought. \"Or is it the other way around?\" he said, thinking, then looked at Stine. \"I always forget. We're so similar...\" The lights went out again, and Stine looked around. \"Slappy? Slappy? Slappy?\" he called out as I stood up, looking around as well. \"Slappy?\" \"Hi.\" Stine let out a yelp and I let out a startled cry when we saw him on the table. Slappy bent down over the typewriter. \" Everyone at the high school join forces to defeat Slappy and his monsters ,\" he read. He stood back up. \"Hmm,\" he mused, nodding his head slightly, before narrowing his eyebrows at the writer. \" But Slappy had other ideas ...\" he improvised his own line. As if Stine read his thoughts, he went up to the typewriter. \"No.\" He placed his hands in it, and Slappy slammed the top case down. Stine let out a painful yell. \"Dad!\" I heard a scream, and saw Hannah and Zach walk into the room by the time Slappy vanished, going over to us. \"Are you okay?\" Zach asked. \"That dumb dummy broke my fingers,\" Stine groaned as Hannah slip is tie off of him, tying fingers. \"I was almost finished. Only one or two pages left.\" \"Yeah, and earlier he bit me,\" I added. Zach's eyes went wide. \"He bit you!?\" he exclaimed. I nodded. \"But we're not sure if it's permitted or not unless Slappy gets suck into the book,\" I explained. He also said that you guys betrayed me. But I didn't say that. Zach then turned over to Stine. \"Forget two pages,\" he said. \"The end.\" Stine shook his head. \"It doesn't work like that.\" Suddenly, there was a loud explosion, and we heard the principle speaking through the speakers that are above us. \"Monsters have overwhelmed Madison High. Retreat in an orderly fashion to the storage room. I repeat, retreat in an orderly fashion to the storage room.\" When the principle stopped speaking, we heard everyone screaming to the storage room. \"We'll figure this out later, alright?\" Zach spoke. Stine nodded. \"Let's go. Follow me.\" Hannah grabbed the papers and Zach closed the typewriter case, holding it by the handle, and we all ran out of the storage room, entering one of the hallways, and Zach held the door open. \"Come on, go!\" he yelled. We all ran as plant vines of Venus fly traps burst through the lockers and the walls, jumping over them. \"Ahh!\" Hannah tripped and screamed from a plant vine, the Venus fly traps snapping at her. \"Hannah. No.\" Zach began hitting the plants with the typewriter case, while Stine kicked it away. I, however, stomped on the vines, as we forced them out the door. \"Close it. Close it,\" I said, and we all slammed the door shut, panting. And that's when I saw something that I never knew about Hannah. As she layed on the floor, the moonlight shined down on her, making her skin glow blue. Is she what I think she is? I looked at Zach by the time the light went away. Zach reached down, grabbing her hand, helping her off the floor. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. \"Yeah,\" she nodded. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"Come with me,\" Stine said, leading Hannah to the storage room. I then noticed Champ holding hands with a girl that I've never seen. We were about to follow Stine when he stopped us. \"Wait. Wait, she's a...\" \"Yes, and I don't care,\" Zach told him. We then turned to see the monsters heading towards us down the hallway. \"Let's go,\" I said. We began running to the storage room where everybody was getting in. \"Alright.\" Zach got to the door as we got closer to the storage room. \"Come on, come on, come on. Go, go, go. Shut it. Go!\" he yelled, by the time we made it in, slamming the doors shut, with everyone holding them closed. \"Get that door! Get that door!\" \"Oh God, oh God.\" \"Wait. Mom, mom, mom.\" Zach looked around, then found Gale going up to him, hugging her son. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah. Are you okay?\" Gale returned the same manner. \"What do we do?\" Champ panicked. \"They're going to get through.\" \"I don't know! I don't know!\" Zach answered over the commotion. I looked to see Stine staring out at the buses outside. \"Slappy wants me...\" he said. \"That's who he's after...\" He turned to the others. \"Listen to me, if I can lure them away with one of those buses, I know that they'll follow me and you'll all be safe.\" \"Then I'm coming with you,\" Hannah stated. \"No, I need to do this alone,\" he told her. \"I've been running away from people for my whole life, that I created these terrible monsters...\" \"Hold that door down.\" \"...but I'm not mad anymore,\" he continued. \"It's my fault... not this town's... not yours.\" \"Then there's got to be another way.\" Tears brimmed into Hannah's eyes, that it made me wanna cry, too. \"Hannah, sweetheart, it's time for me to face my demons...\" he reasoned with her. Champ came up to him. \"I believe in you...\" \"SHUT UP!\" Stine's harsh yell startled us. \"I'm sorry,\" he apologized, lowering his voice. \"I mean, shut up,\" he said gently. I looked over then back at the others. \"I have an idea,\" I said. Everyone listened to what I had to say.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: It's Not Over Yet Stine drove the bus that we got on after I told everyone about my plan. I wasn't sure if it wasn't going to work or not, since this is my first plan that I ever came up with. To me, it was kind of a stupid plan in my own personal opinion. \"Did it work?\" Stine asked me. I shook my head. \"Not yet.\" I crossed my fingers. \"Come on. Come on. Work,\" I muttered. Just as I thought my plan hadn't worked, there was a loud explosion from the distance. I actually put a dummy in a different bus, setting up a timer and bomb in it, and it turns out one of the monsters pulled the trigger. \"Yes!\" Stine held out his hand. \"High five,\" he declared. \"What about your fingers?\" I asked, just as Zach was about to give the writer a high five. Stine thought about it. \"Oh yeah, right.\" He put his hand back on the steering wheel. \"But that was a great plan, Hazel,\" he commented, grinning at me. I, however, didn't return the grin. I just sat there, resting my head on the window. \"It was the only thing I can come up with,\" I spoke, glancing out the window. \"You still look sad,\" Champ noted. \"Even with that plan you came up with, I thought it was going to make you happy.\" \"Well, it didn't,\" I bitterly snapped, making him flinch from his seat. \"Nothing makes me happy.\" I crossed my arms. \"I'm sorry,\" I said, \"I guess I'm having a bad night. After with my encounter with that dummy, I just want this night to be over with.\" And to get away from you guys, since Slappy said that you guys betrayed me. I felt their eyes look at me, and I used my hair as a curtain to hide from them. Then Zach broke the silence. \"Where should we go now?\" he said. \"We need to find a hideout.\" \"How about the abandoned amusement park?\" Hannah suggested. \"Good idea,\" Stine agreed. \"Just tell me where it is, and we can finish the story there.\" While she told him which way to go, I was deep in my own thoughts, feeling my depression coming over me, clouding my head inside. By the time we stop these monsters, I'm not going to come back to their lives ever again, I vowed silently. I actually don't need friends anyway. Luckily, since no one can see my other face from my hair, a tear slipped out of my eye, hitting the floor. I must've dosed off, because when I woke up, no one else was on the bus. Good thing that I didn't have any nightmares, at least... Getting off the bus, I looked around to see where the others went, walking down the old fair grounds, until I heard Stine. \"Stine ingenious plan work to perfection...\" I went over to the creepy Funhouse, entering it, where I saw him narrating while Zach did his best to keep up. Hannah was straightening out the pages, while Champ just poked around the room. \"The Funhouse was terrifying. Not so much for Stine as it was for the others. And it offered refuge from the rear terrors that lurked outside...\" He knelt behind Zach, voicing out the story in an eerier tone to just give the right vibe. \"You wish...\" When we all thought it was safe, Slappy appeared in one of the mirrors, making my heart go up to my throat. \"He's found us,\" Stine gasped. \"Quick, follow me.\" They were about to leave when Slappy appeared again. \"Papa, you left without saying goodbye...\" he rasped. He disappeared again, before showing himself at another mirror. \"Trying to hide from me? That's like hiding from yourself...\" Another mirror. \"...I was your best friend, and you turn your back on me...\" His voice sounded hurt and angry. \"Locked me up, imprisoned in a pages of a book ...\" A bunch of his reflections shown on each mirror, his voice echoing in the room. \"...you put me on a shelf for years and years. The key was right there...\" All of his reflections vanished, and he showed half his face at mirror that Stine is standing in front of. \"...and you never used it.\" His brow lowered as he gave the writer an angry look, reminding of me back when I was a young kid... \"You're not real, Slappy,\" Stine stated. \"I created you...\" He pointed. \"I can write you out...\" Slappy suddenly appeared, holding a book in one hand with the key in the other. \"I've been saving this monster just for you. Say hello to my...\" I grabbed the book and the key. \"Hazel!\" Stine cried out, surprised to see me. \"Go! Run!\" I cried. \"Finish the book!\" I ran out of the Funhouse. \"Give those back to me, you brat!\" I turned my head to see Slappy behind me. My legs burned and my chest act, but I kept on going. I didn't stop 'til I was all out of breath, leaning against one of the trees. Just as I was about to move again, Slappy was standing in front of me. \"Ahh!\" I let out a yelp, dropping both the key and the book. I went to grab it, but Slappy got it first, having me land on the dirt face first. \"Haha! You thought you can get away from me by taking these items?\" he provoked. \"Well, too bad for you, kid. Papa is going to be gone for good!\" His eyes glared into mine. \"Even those other bratty kids that betrayed you,\" he sneered. I scrambled up to my feet, seeing Slappy running back to the funhouse. I brushed the dirt off my pants, and began to go after him. By the time I got back to the Funhouse, I saw Slappy unlocking the book, and something pink and large and liquidly came out of the book, and I saw the others run out of the small creepy building. \"It's The Blob That Ate Everyone ,\" Stine declared by the time they got out of the Funhouse. \"Don't let it touch you,\" he warned. \"We need to get to higher ground.\" Hannah pointed. \"The Ferris wheel,\" she proclaimed, and we all ran to the Ferris wheel. I stopped, seeing out large the wheel was. Even looking up made me dizzy... \"Zach.\" I turned to see Stine going up to the boy. \"You go an ahead. I'll hold it off. You finish the book,\" he told him, looking at the Blob monster at it was eating everything in its path. Zach, however, wasn't so sure about the idea. \"What?\" he questioned. \"What do I write? W-What's the end?\" \"The story I've been writing. It's what's happening right now. You can do this...\" Stine backed away. \"End it,\" he urged, then spotted me. \"Hazel, go up there with the others,\" he ordered me. \"I can't,\" I protested. \"I don't like heights.\" \"Then get away as far as possible.\" \"But-\" \"Go.\" \"But Stine-\" \" Go! \" he forced out. I had no choice, but to get away. I turned and ran to the nearest tree and hid behind it, watching. I saw him go up to the Blob monster as it devoured him, along with Hannah screaming. \"Dad!\" I heard Zach telling her something, only I didn't pay any attention. I saw Slappy walked up to Stine who poked his head out of the pink goo. \"Not so fun... is it?\" he taunted. \"How do you like it, papa? The world is just outside your grasp, but you can't move. You're trapped . That's what it felt like to be locked inside your books.\" He then stopped, and saw that Stine doesn't have the book. \"Wait... the book. Where is it?\" he asked out loud. Suddenly, we heard a snap. All three of us turned to see that the praying mantis broke the Ferris wheel, and we all saw it rolling down the hills. \"We're all gonna die!\" I heard Champ cried out. \"Just hold on!\" I also heard Zach as everyone screamed. \"Hold on tight!\" My mouth made a small gape, seeing the wheel flying and rolling in the air, landing on the ground and continued rolling. I then heard Champ yell, \"Where's the seatbelt on this thing?!\" The sound of rolling stopped. As I stood up, I felt a pair of large hands grab me from behind. \"Hey!\" I yelped, yanking free to see Dr. Maniac and Purple Rage. \"Look who we found,\" Purple Rage mused, chuckling. \"Back off.\" I picked up a rock, ready to throw it at them. \"Oh, I'm so scared,\" Maniac mocked, doing his insane laugh that he has. And that's when I threw the rock right on his forehead. \"Ow!\" he cried out. From his stance, I jumped on him, tackling him to the ground, punching his face. \"Hey, get her off me!\" \"Get off him!\" Purple Rage grabbed my shoulders, but I smacked him away, and kept punching Maniac, wanting to cause as much damage I can to his face. I was in rage, and all I saw was red. My anger build up inside me, my depression leaving from my head and chest. Suddenly, I was fallen off, landing on the ground on my back. At first, I thought it was Purple Rage the flung me off of him. But no, I saw a light burst up to the sky, and they were floating, turning back to ink when I felt a strong current of wind. I got up and ran to where Stine is, seeing the Blob monster spit him out. He grabbed his glasses, flicking the goo off the lenses, and saw me. \"Hazel.\" He came over to me, putting his glasses on his face. \"Hazel, are you alright?\" \"...yeah...\" I answered, then look up to see the praying mantis. I knew all the monsters were going back into the book. That is, until I felt wooden hands on my throat, strangling me. \"Remember kid, you're friends betrayed you,\" he whispered in my ear, where Stine couldn't hear. \"Just like papa did to me...\" \"Let go of her!\" Stine grabbed the dummy off of me. I fell on the ground. \"No!\" the puppet declared. \"Slappy's not happy!\" \"Neither is Stine!\" the writer proclaimed. \"Stupid...\" He held Slappy's wrists, lowering him. \"...dummy!\" He dropped kicked him, sending him back into the book. Slappy's last words that I heard was, \"See you in your dreams!\" By then, the wind died down. I got up off the ground, brushing the dirt off the back of my shirt. I saw Stine jogging over to where the strong wind current took place, as well as the blue light. I ran to where the others are, but... I didn't see Hannah. \"Zach...?\" I went up to him. \"...where's Hannah?\" \"Trapped,\" he replied in a verge of tears. \"In a book...\" \"Come on, let's go home,\" Stine said gently. He began to walk away with the boys, then he stopped and turned. \"Aren't you coming, Hazel?\" he asked. I stepped back. \"I know where I live,\" I told him. \"I can go home by myself...\" \"...okay,\" he responded. I waited for them to leave, then I made my way back to my house. By the time I got back home, I slammed the door shut, kicking my shoes off, going up to my room, entering it. I went over to my bed, and got under the covers, resting my head on the single pillow that I had. I stared at the empty wall that is bare white, closing my eyes, waiting for sleep to come. I don't want to see those people ever again. Slappy was right, and so was I. I'll never have friends. I'm worthless. In fact, I'm useless... I'll never have friends... A tear escaped my eye, rolling down my cheek, landing on the mattress... Its been a few days later, and I had decided to check on the school. I don't know why, though, but I just... feel like it. By the time I got there, I saw Zach walk out of the building with a girl that I recognized. Hannah... I ran up to them, and they saw me. Zach grinned. \"Hey, Hazel,\" he greeted. \"Look who's back.\" \"I can see that...\" I said confused. \"I thought she was trapped inside a book with the other monsters...\" \"Well, Stine wrote one more book, and well, here she is.\" His smile didn't leave his face. \"That's good...\" I nodded slowly. \"I was going to see how the school is doing, but...\" I looked at the people who were putting fresh coat of pant on the building. \"...it seems like it's doing great...\" I turned and began leaving, but Hannah got in front of me, a sad look on her face. \"Why are you leaving...?\" she asked. \"Aren't you happy to see me?\" I looked away. \"It's not because of you, Hannah. It's just...\" I sighed, looking away. It was silence for a moment, until Zach said, \"What is it?\" He too, walked up in front of me, taking Hannah's hand. Remembering what Slappy had said to me, I looked at them. \"It's nothing, guys... I can see you two having a happy life...\" I looked away again. \"...I don't wanna ruin it...\" \"But...\" was all I heard from Hannah as I left to go back to my house. By the time I got back home, I layed upstairs in my bed. I felt fatigued, as if I hadn't slept in days. I shut my eyes, and went to sleep. Stine When I saw the two walk out of the door holding hands, I picked up my brief case, heading down the hallway. And as I walked, I thought about Hazel. I remember her going to tell me about her childhood, only to be interrupted by Zach when all of us were running away from those ghouls at the graveyard. I asked her if she had foster parents... I sighed. I can try asking her again someday when I see her. Just as I walked past the display case where my typewriter is, I heard a clack of a key, making me stop. I backed up, and peered at the typewriter. T...H...E...I...N...V... I kept watching as each word hit the paper, watching the typewriter type on its own. I...S...I...B...L...E... My eyes widen. This can't be... B...O...Y...'S... No... R...E...V...E...N...G... My mouth dropped opened as the last letter hit the paper. The letter E . And I read the title. The Invisible Boy's Revenge ... \"You forgot about me...\" Hand prints planted onto the glass as I heard a voice giggle. I let out a terrified yell.[Chapter 9] Important Note Hey, everybody who is reading this story. Just as you know, that is not the end of the story. For now, I'm going to be doing chapters for Horrorland as well as made up chapters that will take place after the Goosebumps film. I also feel like the chapters are short, so I'll try my best to make them longer. And if you're reading this story, and wanted to know what happen to Hazel and why she has depression and never feels happy, the main character of the story, you just have to wait and see, and why she listened to Slappy when he said that her friends that she met 'betrayed' her. And, well, like I said, you just have to wait for more chapters to come up. For now, I'm going take a small break,and let myself rest from writing. I hope I don't forget about this book. I enjoyed writing it, even though it's not the end. And if I do, and then come back for it, I do apologize. I can be a very forgetful person sometimes... Or a lot. I'm also glad to get a lot of views and visitors, too. And that makes me feel good about myself since I'm new on this site. Even though I don't have any reviews, yet. Actually, since I mentioned chapters... what should I call chapter nine? Let me know, by reviewing my story. Please and thank you, readers. -ariellewilson730[Chapter 10] Chapter 9: Into Horrorland I woke up the next morning, feeling something that isn't right. So getting out of bed, I made my way to my dresser draw, and took out some fresh clothes, heading to the bathroom. I turned on the shower, and showered myself awake. I dried myself and got dressed, before walking out of the bathroom, my wet hair that still has water on it, dripping onto the floor. Entering the kitchen, I took out my fifty dollars, getting ready to go grocery shopping when I heard a knock at my door. I set my money on the counter, heading to the front door, wondering who could it be. No one has ever came to my house ever since I found this place. I fingered comb my hair as I grabbed the doorknob and pulled it open. \"Hannah...?\" I reacted, surprise to see her standing there on the porch. I stepped out of my house. \"What are you doing here? I never told you where I live,\" I said, closing the front door behind me. Hannah giggled. \"Let's just say that I had a hunch,\" she replied with a bright smile. \"So... what are you doing this morning?\" she asked. I shrugged. \"Nothing... Except I need to do some grocery shopping. My fridge is almost empty, and I don't have anything to eat this morning,\" I answered, looping my hair around my index finger, noticing something, or someone, is missing. \"Where's Zach?\" \"Oh, he's over at my place,\" Hannah told me, still smiling. \"My dad let me invite some friends over for breakfast. Would you like to come?\" Her smile didn't leave her face. I thought about it for a while. \"...sure. Just let me get my shoes on.\" I walked into the house. I slip on my shoes, tying the laces, getting them tight so my shoes won't fall off. However, I still feel like something isn't right... like... something is still roaming around the neighborhood. Something that is... annoying. Shaking the feeling away, I stepped out of the house, shutting the front door again. \"Let's go...\" I said softly. \"Great!\" Hannah beamed. She walked off the porch and I went with her. While I kept thinking about that something is off, I heard Slappy's voice in my head. You're friends betrayed you... just like papa did to me... When I heard those words, a question came into my mind. If my friends did betrayed me, then why did Hannah invite me to her house like I'm doing now? I then remembered something else. I was suppose to leave them right after the monster invasion. I sighed. Oh well, I'll leave them someday. I don't know when, though... For now, I'll hang out with my 'friends' and see what will happen... \"Hazel?\" \"Huh?\" I looked over at Hannah. \"Yeah?\" I questioned. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. \"You seem to be... I don't know... out of it.\" I shook my head. \"Oh. No... no. I was just...thinking...\" \"About what?\" she said. I rubbed the back of my neck. \"I feel like something, or someone, is still roaming around town... Like... we forgot one of the monsters...\" \"What do you mean? We got every monster.\" \"...I don't know. Maybe I'm not thinking straight.\" Hannah laughed. \"You probably need something to eat.\" She grabbed my hand, and I flinched. \"Oh, I'm sorry,\" she apologized, letting my hand drop to my side. \"I forget that you don't like physical contact.\" \"It's fine...\" I sighed as we continued our way to her house. \"Is there a reason why you don't like to be touched?\" Hannah replied. Her question hit me like a rock on my chest. \"Um... Uh... It's a long story. It's from my childhood.\" \"Mind if you tell me?\" I shook my head. \"I had mention that I would tell my story someday when I'm ready. In fact, when we were at the graveyard, Mr. Stine asked me if I could tell it to him, asking me if I had foster parents since, well, I don't have real parents anymore. And just when I was about to tell him, we were being chased by ghouls at that place...\" I kicked a piece of sidewalk out of my way. \"...like I said, it's a long story.\" \"Hey, you can tell about your childhood when ever you want,\" Hannah accepted, then sighed. \"I wish you could smile...\" \"And that's never gonna happen,\" I responded. \"I used to be a happy, happy person until what happened to me...\" I kicked another broken piece of the sidewalk. \"Can we change the subject?\" I asked. \"Are you and Zach now... dating?\" I can feel her grin next to me. \"Yep, and so is my dad.\" \"Mr. Stine is dating, too?\" I said. \"Who is he dating?\" \"Lorraine,\" she simply answered. \"He's also the new English teacher at the high school, and I just started school ever since he took that job.\" \"Have you ever been to school?\" She shook her head. \"I've been homeschooled my whole life,\" she explained. \"Ever since my dad created-\" She stopped. \"Oh... I'm not sure if you knew this or not, but I was a...\" \"Ghost?\" I finished for her. \"I saw it when we were heading to the storage room... You glowing this ghostly blue. Are you... still a ghost?\" I asked hesitantly, as if I was offending her. \"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked...\" \"That's okay. My dad wrote me back where I can now age with Zach and my friends, like Taylor, Champ, and you.\" \"Who's Taylor?\" I asked. \"Champ's new girlfriend,\" Hannah replied. \"Her other boyfriend abounded her when the werewolf got to them, and he, well... He ran off like a... coward. So Champ saved her.\" I nodded. \"That's nice of him...\" \"Speaking of school,\" Hannah brought up. \"We haven't seen you at school at all. Do you go to school?\" I gritted my teeth a little, letting out a breath out of my nose. \"I used to go to school... Then I quit,\" I told her. \"Why?\" she questioned. \"Long story,\" I simply responded, my mind flashing back to the days of school. When we got to her place, she let me inside the house. \"My dad knows it's you,\" she said, leading me to the dining room, where I saw everyone sitting down with plates of breakfast food in front of them. \"Hey, guys,\" Hannah greeted, taking me over to the table. \"I brought Hazel over, dad,\" she said to Stine. Stine grinned. \"Hello, Hazel,\" he greeted warmly. \"Would you like to join us? I made blueberry pancakes. That is... if you like blueberry pancakes.\" \"I do...\" I said, spotting an empty seat next to him that is across the table from Champ. \"Um... thanks for inviting me,\" I added as I sat down. \"It was... very nice of you to do that.\" \"You're welcome,\" Stine smiled. \"Hannah told me that you and Lorraine are dating. Just like Zach and Hannah, as well as Champ and Taylor.\" I picked up my fork when I look up to see Champ's girlfriend smiling at me. \"Are you Taylor?\" I asked. \"That's right,\" she gleamed. \"My friends and my boyfriend told me about you on how you helped save the town from the monsters.\" \"I didn't help that much...\" I put a piece of pancake in my mouth, chewed, and swallowed. \"All I did was told everyone about my plan, as well as defended everyone from the Sadler ghosts. I even tried to stop Slappy from opening the other books... but he ended up biting me.\" \"Oh, my gosh,\" she gasped. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, yeah. I'm... I'm fine,\" I reassured her. \"Are the words still on you?\" Stine asked in a serious manner mixed with concern. I shrugged. \"I haven't checked... I think the words are not there anymore.\" \"You know,\" Taylor spoke up. \"Even though this the first time I've met you, I never seen you... happy.\" \"Taylor,\" Champ said. \"Don't offend her.\" \"It's okay. I used to be happy until what happened to me,\" I said, not offended at all. \"What happened?\" she asked. \"...I don't want to talk about it. At least when I'm ready.\" I also want to know if you guys are really are my friends... But I didn't say that last part as I finished eating. \"I'm going to put this in the dishwasher,\" I offered, getting up from the table, heading to the kitchen. As I put my plate and fork in the dishwasher, I still had that strange feeling that something isn't right. Not only do I feel like we missed a monster, but I got the feeling of something... else. And I'm not sure what it is. I walked back into the dining room and sat back down at my seat, putting my cheek on my hand, and Zach seemed to notice my behavior. \"Is something wrong, Hazel?\" he asked. \"Nothing. I'm just... thinking,\" I answered. \"I feel like we forgot one of the monsters...\" Champ nodded. \"I had that same feeling. Not only that, did any of you see any of the Horrors from one of the Goosebumps books?\" he said. Zach raised a brow. \"Not that I know of...\" he spoke, finishing his plate. \"And what do you mean that we forgot about one of the monsters?\" he directed towards me. \"We got every monster in town when I finished the book.\" He kept his brow up then lowered it. \"I swear that we got every monster...\" he mused in thought. \"Actually, Hazel is right to have that feeling,\" Stine suddenly spoke up. \"I... did forgot about one monster. One annoying one, to be exact.\" He took a deep breath, letting it out. \"As I was walking down the school hallway, I saw my typewriter... typing. On it's own. It spelled out T-H-E-I-N-I-S-I-B-L-E-B-O-Y-'S-R-E-V-E-N-G-E. The Invisible Boy's Revenge ...\" he said in a mysterious voice. \"And when you mention the book that has the Horrors is that...well... it wasn't on the shelf...\" \"What do you mean?\" Champ squeaked. \"I thought that Slappy had that book along with the others.\" \"Champ...\" Stine started. But the boy kept on talking. \"Maybe it was on the shelf, and Slappy unlocked it somewhere else...\" \"Champ-\" \"And if he did that means that the Horrors are still roaming-\" \" Champion! I will hot glue your lips together if you don't let me finish!\" Stine threatened, getting the kid to be quite. \"Like I said, it wasn't on the shelf because it had already been unlock. And not from Slappy, from me.\" He pointed at himself. \"I wanted to make something else besides monsters,\" he began to tell his story. \"The Horrors are from the book titled One Day At Horrorland . Or as I like to call it... A Scream Park . It was back in February of nineteen ninety-four... I wanted to make something more then just monsters... 'This seems like a perfect spot,' I said as I walked right out of the woods, the book in my hand, the key in the other. 'I can unlock my book here, and see what happens.' \"...I just only wanted to see what would happen if I made something more then just monsters,\" Stine continued his story. \"I unlock the book... and it happened... The book flew out of my hands, landing on the ground of the large, very large, empty fields that is all dirt with bits of plants on the ground. I watched as all the terrifying rides like The Tunnel Of Screams , The Doom Slide , The House Of Mirrors , everything. Including the furry green monsters called Horrors that came out of the book. All was going fine until they turned to me. 'Hey, who are you?' one of them gruffed at me. 'I'm R.L. Stine,' I answered. 'And if you're wondering, I'd only did this so I know what would happen if I made more then just monsters.' 'Oh, is that all?' the Horror asked, rubbing one of his horns. 'Well, thanks for letting us free. All of us Horrors can run the park and scare the life out of humans.' He chuckled deep in his throat. 'Actually...' I rubbed the back of my head. 'I just only wanted to see if I can make more then just monsters... I'm not letting you guys free, just to see what happens,' I explained. I went to grab for the book, but one of the Horrors took it away. 'Hey!' I exclaimed. 'So you only let us out just to see what would happen!?' the largest Horror roared, anger burning in his eyes. 'We're not going back in...' 'Yes, you are!' I proclaimed. 'Give me that book!' I jumped for it, but the Horror who is bigger then any other ones, pushed me onto the ground. 'We're not going back in,' he repeated with a snarl. 'We're going to run this park forever, and you will never lock us up again.' I got up off the ground, seeing the Horrors running to the gates with the book in one of their hands. 'Wait!' I called out, running to catch them and the book. I stopped when they disappeared out of sight. Even the rides. How is that possible? 'I will get you,' I vowed, grabbing the key off the dirt floor. I then turned, and headed for home. \"And that's how it all started,\" Stine finished his story, putting his glass of apple juice on the table. \"I only wanted to see what would happen, and when I told the Horrors what I was only doing, they got mad and ran off with the book. And somehow they were gone, including everything. I don't how, though, but I believe they moved the park further down the woods.\" \"Do you think the Invisible Boy is there?\" Hannah asked. \"I believe so,\" he nodded, getting up from the table. \"He left when I tried to stop him. At least he didn't take the typewriter.\" \"So... we have to go Horrorland?\" I said, getting up from my seat. \"To stop the Boy and the Horrors?\" \"That's right. We'll do it tonight,\" he confirmed. \"Why not open the book that you wrote that we captured the monsters with?\" Champ suggested, not liking the idea of going to Horrorland. Zack blinked at him. \"And release Slappy and all of the other monsters?\" he said. \"Get real, Champ. That idea that you came up is pretty stupid.\" Champ slumped in his seat. \"I just don't wanna go to Horrorland. It's a terrifying place...\" he whimpered. Taylor rubbed his shoulder. \"Well, we can't just sit here and let that Boy do his thing,\" I declared, slamming my hands on the table. \"We are not letting those monsters get away. We stopped Slappy, and now we have to stop the Invisible Boy before he causes trouble... Unless he did.\" \"Hazel's got a point,\" Stine agreed. \"Come on, let's stop that menace and get that book back, as well. When we find the book, I can trap the Horrors. And if I'm lucky, the Boy will get trapped in that same book, even if he wasn't in the book at all.\" \"Wait, so we are going?\" Zach asked. Stine nodded. \"Yes,\" he answered. \"We're going...\" He leaned forward. \"Tonight.\" \"If you don't mind, I rather not go,\" Taylor declined. She got up and gave Champ a kiss. \"Good luck stopping the monsters,\" she said in a hopeful tone of voice. His face turned pink. \"Thanks. I need it,\" he replied back. Taylor said goodbye and left the house. I, however, told everyone that I had to do something first. \"In case we're there all night, I need to bring stuff for us to survive,\" I said. \"Then I'll meet you guys here.\" \"Okay. We'll see you later tonight, best friend,\" Hannah responded. I stopped when I heard her say 'best friend'. \"See you later...\" I replied as I couldn't believe what she said to me. Best friend? Nah. No one is my friend nor my best friend. But... why am I hanging out with them? I guess I wanted to make them feel... happy. I did a small sigh. Maybe when we stop the Horrors and the Invisible Boy, that's when I'll leave them. Besides, Slappy said that they betrayed me... Just like the kids back in school before I quit years ago. I walked out of the house to my house, so I can get everything ready. Later that night, I slipped on my old backpack since I had as a small child. My school bag to be exact that I had since when I used to go to school. I walked out the door, heading over to Stine's place just like I promised. My shoes echoed with each step I took on the sidewalk. I can hear my own voice talking to me. However, I did my best to ignore it. Only it wasn't that easy when I began to hear that evil dummy's voice replacing that other voice that I always hear. Papa and your friends betrayed you... just like he did to me... I shook his voice out my mind, telling my own self that he only said that to make me feel bad... But like I mention, when we stop these monsters, I'm just going to leave my 'friends' forever. And I hope we get that pesky Invisible Boy. And that's a promise for myself. When I arrived at Stine's house, everyone was waiting for me. Seeing them made me do a soft sigh. I walked to them, feeling my sadness and depression sink into me like it always does. \"Ready?\" Stine asked once I got over there, trying my best not to let anyone see how sad or hopeless I look. We all nodded. \"Let's go. Since I don't have a car anymore, we're just going to have to walk to get to Horrorland.\" \"Can't you just get a new car?\" Champ whined. \"I don't wanna walk to that creepy amusement park.\" \"I would, but I won't get a new car in a several months,\" the writer answered, ignoring Champ's whiney voice. \"We're walking there, and we're going to find that book so I can trap the Horrors, get the rides, and maybe the Invisible Boy who's a menace,\" he slightly griped. \"Now let's get moving. The sooner we find the book, the sooner I'll trap the Horrors and the Boy.\" And the sooner that I can leave you guys, I thought as we all began to follow Stine. As we walked, Zach asked me something. \"What did you pack?\" \"Things we need in case we're going to be there all night,\" I replied, not feeling very confident for no apparent reason, and he seemed to notice my mood. \"Is something wrong...?\" he asked. Yes, there is something wrong. Slappy says that you guys betrayed me, meaning that you're only pretending to be my friends. I wanted to say that, but I gave him this answer instead. \"I just want to get this over with.\" \"So do we,\" he chuckled, taking Hannah's hand once we got into the woods. I heard Champ mumbling to himself who's behind us. Zach looked behind him, seeing how slow his best friend is. \"Champ, let's go, dude,\" he rushed. \"I going to head back,\" he said, stopping. \"I'm not going to that place. It's scary.\" \"Champ, come on,\" Hannah urged as all three of stopped. \"You have to come with us,\" she insisted, letting go of her boyfriend's hand, walking up to the awkward teen. \"I don't think Horrorland is that bad.\" \"You'll be surprised,\" he scoffed, crossing his arms. \"I'm staying right here. Besides, I'll only slow you guys down anyway,\" he added. However, Zach grabbed his arm, and we started walking again, catching up with Stine. \"Dude, let go.\" Champ tried to break free. \"Dude, I'm serious. I don't want to go to that place. Have you read the book?\" But Zach didn't let go, he just kept his grip on Champ's arm. \"Dude, I said let go.\" Champ yanked his arm free, making us stop again. Including Stine. \"I don't want to go,\" he said. \"Is this a fear thing?\" Zach asked him. \"Because all of us are scared to go to this... scary park.\" I looked over at Stine. He was tapping his foot impatiently. I looked over at Champ. \"Just come on,\" I said. Champ sighed. \"...fine,\" he mumbled. We continued our way to Horrorland. \"How do we know if we're close to Horrorland or not?\" I questioned as we got deeper and deeper into the woods. An owl hooted, making Champ yelp. \"I don't wanna walk anymore,\" he complained. \"I don't know how much more walking I can take... I wanna go home in my bed where it's safe.\" \"You're acting like a baby,\" I insulted. He gave me a hurt look. \"Sorry, but you are acting like one,\" I said. \"Hazel, you don't understand. I'm weak all the time. I can only do so much. Even walking makes my legs hurt,\" he kept on complaining. \"My gym grades aren't that good, and next year I have to retake that class because of it.\" \"Is that why you didn't land perfectly when we jumped over the fence to see if Hannah is alright or not?\" Zach joked. \"...not funny...\" Champ muttered with slight anger. That's when we saw a sign that read: Horrorland... Only fifteen miles away! Champ turned around when he saw the sign, and Zach grabbed his arm again. \"I have no choice, do I?\" he said to himself as Zach forced him in front of us, only for him to stop. \"Come on, dude.\" Zach was now getting impatient. \"It's only fifteen miles away,\" he told him. \"I'm going home,\" Champ exclaimed, refusing to go any further. \"I don't want to slow guys down.\" We then saw Stine walk over to us, grabbing Champ by the ear. \"Hey-!\" Stine ignored him as he pulled him down the path, not letting go of his ear, keeping a tight grip. \"Ow! Stine!\" \"Hazel says we need to stop these creeps,\" Stine hissed harshly. \"We're not getting out of this mess once I find that book and suck those monsters and everything. We're in this together, kid.\" While Stine kept a good grip on the teen's ear, we kept on moving. I actually can't wait to get this over with... Then I'll leave these people alone. Besides... I'm... worthless. As well as nothing and useless... I shifted my backpack, feeling the weight of it, reminding me of the stuff I pact for this 'trip'. \"Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" I gasp, jumping back when I saw a vision of my flashback came to me that made my heart go up to my throat. But... how can that be? I only get that when I have nightmares from my past childhood. \"Come on, ugly girl! Do something!\" Another one... the day where I stopped and quit school... \"You're useless.\" I put my hands on my head, the memories flooding back to me, clenching my eyes shut. \"No one wants to be your friend. Besides, who wants to be your friend? Oh, that's right. Nobody.\" What's happening to me...? These are the memories that I try to get away from... \"Are you alright, Hazel?\" I jumped when Hannah approached me as I lowered my hands to my sides. \"Are you alright?\" she repeated, her eyes giving me a worried look. I sucked in a breath and let it out slowly. \"Y-Yeah...\" I answered slowly. \"I'm... fine. I just had... flashbacks...\" \"...about what?\" she asked, her eyes still filled with concern. \"About-\" I suddenly stopped, now thinking that she may not believe me. \"...it's nothing,\" I sighed, shaking my head. \"Are you sure...?\" she questioned. \"I'm fine,\" I insisted. \"Now come on, we have to catch up with the others before your dad gets mad at us.\" Hannah nodded. \"Okay.\" She turned, gazed at me, and started jogging. I jogged right after her. Her concerned look never left her face right before she went up to catch up with the others. \"There it is...\" Stine let go of Champ's ear, who began to rub the pain away, which was red and looks pretty swore. I had a lot more pain then having my ear being pulled. \"Horrorland,\" he breathed out. I look up at the sign that read: Welcome To Horrorland- Where Nightmares Come To Life! We're here... At Horrorland. Stine went over to the gates, opening them. \"Let's go,\" he said. We walked in, but Champ stayed in his spot. Stine glared at the boy. \"Don't make me pull you by the ear again, kid,\" Stine warned in a threatening tone, sounding like someone that I know. Champ whimpered, walking through the gates that is held open. When Stine released the gates, they slammed shut. We all looked around. It sent a chill down my spine. I heard Champ swallow. \"This is scarier then the book cover...\" he whimpered. He then screamed when another owl made a hoot sound, which shocked me. \"Is that your scream?\" I said. \"Don't judge me,\" Champ replied. \"Guys, I want to go home,\" he begged. He turned to the gates, grabbing them. \"Hey, they won't open!\" he cried, freaking out, tugging at the gates. \"They do open.\" Stine walked over to him, pulling him away from the gates. \"But we're not leaving until I find that book and trap the monsters in it. And I hope I get that Invisible Boy,\" he said. \"Try to be brave when you fought that werewolf to defend your new girlfriend.\" He grabbed Champ by the front of his shirt, pulling him away from the entrance as we followed him. \"Oh yeah, this me being brave,\" Champ started to complain. \"Being dragged into a park full of scary rides. Roller coasters and everything. I wanna be in my bed, and-\" \"Will you stop it!?\" Zach snapped, which made Champ shut up for now, making him whimper. All Champ could muster out was, \"Sorry.\" \"Wait,\" I spoke, and everyone stopped. \"How do we know where the Boy is? He's invisible.\" \"She has a point,\" Hannah agreed. \"Well...\" Stine began. \"If you feel breathing or see any of the Horrors talking to someone that isn't there... that means it's the Invisible Boy.\" \"Speaking of Horrors...\" Zach pointed behind Stine, and we all saw a green fury Horror with short yellow horns coming at us. Champ yelped in fear, hiding behind Stine for protection. \"Welcome to Horrorland!\" the Horror greeted in a gruff like voice. \"Where nightmares come to life! Would you like to try our games or our rides? We have lots of scares that can make you get goosebumps .\" \"Please don't say that word...\" Champ shivered from behind Stine. \"I don't wanna even think about goosebumps.\" Stine stepped forward. \"We're not here to have fun in this terrifying amusement park,\" he proclaimed. \"I'm here for that book. The one that you stole from me. And when we find it, I'm putting you all monsters and everything, including the Boy. Even if he wasn't in that book that I release you monsters from.\" The Horror's yellow eyes flashed. \"We're not going back in the book...\" he snarled, \"because the Invisible Boy knew you were coming...\" He leaned forward. \"...and he has a challenge for you.\" \"What challenge?\" Zach stepped forward and asked. \"Where's the Boy?\" Hannah demanded. The Horror let out a growly laugh. I picked up a rock off the ground, hitting him on the chest with it. \"Hey!\" he yelled, rubbing his chest, glaring at me. \"Why'd you do that?\" he exclaimed. \"To get you to shut the hell up,\" I talked back, swearing a bit. \"Tell us where the Boy is, and what challenge he has for us.\" \"Oh, you have to see him to find out...\" the Horror sneered. That's when several more Horrors came, grabbing us. I did my best to break free from physical contact, only they were too strong. \"Let's take them to the Invisible Boy,\" he declared. The Horrors dragged us to a small building, throwing us into a room that barely has stuff in it. \"Here they are, sir,\" the Horror said to no one that isn't there. \"Stine and his friends are here... the ones that trapped all the monsters in the book and forgot about you.\" A giggle came in front of us by the wall. \"Thank you, Byron,\" a minion like voice spoke which, again, is in front of us. We heard footsteps coming over to us. \"It's so nice to see you again...\" The footsteps stopped. \"...father...\" \"Nice to see you again, Boy,\" Stine greeted with sarcasm. \"I- Wait, where are you?\" he asked. \"I'm in front of you,\" the Boy answered in a dull voice. He let out another giggle. \"You know... it was pretty funny where I ended pulling the stupid kid's tie in the car.\" \"You nearly pulled me out of the window!\" Champ cried out. \"And it wasn't funny, either,\" I added. \"Aw boo-hoo-hoo,\" he mocked. \"I knew you guys would come here...\" \"The Horror, which you call Byron, told us,\" Hannah said. \"And you have a challenge for us, is that right?\" \"That's right...\" Even though we couldn't see him, we can tell that he was smiling. \"We don't need a challenge,\" Stine spoke up. \"Tell me where the book is so I can trap all of you in it.\" \"And why would I tell you?\" the Boy questioned. \"The challenge is for how long you can survive here. If you guys win, all of the Horrors, the rides, everything, including me will go into the book. But if you lose, you'll have to stay in this park... forever . Hahaha!\" he laughed. \"That's it?\" I asked. \"That's the whole challenge? Just to see if we won't die in this park?\" \"Well... no,\" he answered. \"You also have to go on some... rides,\" he grinned. Champ gulped. \"Rides?\" \"Just a few of them,\" the Boy said. \"You can go on any ride you want. But all of you have to go on them. Got it?\" \"Do we have a choice?\" Champ mumbled, not liking the idea at all. There was no answer. \"Hello?\" he called out. Still no answer. \"Hey, where's that invisible monster?\" \"He left,\" Zach said. \"That's... creepy. It's like he... vanished. Well, he is invisible...\" Zach looked over at Stine. \"I can't believe you created him.\" \"I can't believe we have to do this challenge,\" Stine replied back. \"In fact, as we're doing this challenge, we can also look for the book...\" \"I don't wanna go on any rides!\" Champ whined. \"I hate rides! Even kiddie ones!\" \"How are you afraid of kiddie rides?\" I asked. \"Don't judge me,\" he repeated from earlier. Then he looked at Stine. \"Don't make me go on any rides,\" he pleaded. \"I remember when I six, being on a carousel, thinking, 'My life is over'.\" He waved his arms dramatically like he did back in Stine's basement of his house. Stine grabbed him by the front of his shirt again. \"We have no choice, Champion,\" he seethed through his teeth, saying the kid's full name. \"As we're doing the challenge, maybe we can find that book. Got it?\" \"Y-Yes, sir,\" Champ stuttered and Stine let go of him. \"Come on, we don't have time to waste. We need to pass this challenge to see if we can survive this place.\" Stine walked over to the door, holding it open for us, waiting. We all walked out of the door, ready for the challenge. \"Now,\" Stine began. \"To the first ride.\" He began walking, with us right behind him. Zach and Hannah had to grab Champ by his arms, while I was right behind Stine, forcing him to walk with us. The challenge has just began. And another thing... Will we survive all night at this park? Well, soon enough, we found out.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10: Mirrors And Slides Walking down the creepy park, we followed Stine down the path. I heard creepy music being played all around us, which didn't help Champ at all. I kicked a rock, which bounced over to him, hitting his leg, making him yelp out. \"Sorry,\" I said in a sad tone, my depression getting deeper inside of me. Then it went away, but I held the same frown on my face that I have every twenty four hours a day. I wasn't afraid of this amusement park, I was afraid to have flashbacks from my childhood come at me again... Also, I did want to tell them about my pass, but... I decided to change my mind... I mean, I know I did say that I'll tell them someday when I'm ready, and I almost did tell Stine when we were at the graveyard, until we were being chased by ghouls. \"Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" I jumped again, stopping for a second. \"I said, GET OUT!\" I shook my head hard, when my childhood memories flooded back in my mind, before going away. I let out a relief breath, then caught up with the others, not far from me. And also, as I caught up with them, I still don't know why that happened. Like I stated before, I only get those memories from my nightmares. Luckily, they went away. Just like that. So I shrugged it off, like it was nothing, and continued with my 'friends'. \"No one wants to be your friend. Besides, who wants to be your friend? Oh, that's right. Nobody.\" I slowed down a bit, but kept up with the group. \"Come on, ugly girl! Do something!\" \"You're useless.\" I grabbed my hair, pulling at it, waiting for the memories to go away. Why are they coming back all of the sudden? I don't think anything is wrong with me... Or is there? I released my hair, letting my hands drop to my sides. Maybe I'm just crazy. If I say anything about this to my so called 'friends', they won't believe me. Which is why I promise to leave them after we get this challenge over with. \"Which ride are we going on first?\" I suddenly asked, breaking the silence, startling Champ again. \"Sorry,\" I directed towards him, and he returned with a nod. I caught up with Stine. \"So which ride are we going on?\" I repeated the question. \" The House Of Mirrors ,\" he answered, gazing straight ahead. I raised a brow. \"Is that even a ride?\" \"Well... no. But it is scary,\" he clarified. \"All we have to do is find our way out of it... However, something does happen.\" \"...like what?\" I replied. He didn't say anything at first. \"You'll see,\" he said. \"Can I skip this one?\" Champ said in a scared voice. \"I can never find my way out of The House Of Mirrors . At all. Heck, I can't even find my own way out of my shirt .\" He grabbed Stine by the sleeve. \"Don't make me go in it,\" he started to beg, acting like a four year old who is at a doctor's office who doesn't want to have a vaccine. \"You guys go on ahead, I'll wait outside for you guys. Just don't let me go in that thing. I read the book, it's terrifying!\" Stine yanked his arm free. \"We all have to do it, Champ,\" he said. \"It's part of the challenge. Plus, as we're walking through it, we might find the book in there.\" \"Well, I'm not doing it. I'm going home.\" Champ started to walk to the opposite way, only for Zach to grab him by his shirt collar from the front side. \"This is the worst night of my life...\" he wailed as Zach continued to pull him. \"What if the book isn't in The House Of Mirrors , dad?\" Hannah questioned her father. \"Then we'll have to look for it somewhere else,\" Stine shrugged. \"Oh, look at that,\" he slightly grinned. \"We're here.\" \"And I'm out.\" Champ went to run away, but Stine quickly grabbed the boy by the ear, hauling him into The House Of Mirrors , with us right behind him. When we stepped in, all I saw was mirrors. Just... mirrors. Okay, then. \"So... we just have to find our way out?\" I said. \"That's right,\" Stine nodded. \"But like I mention, something does happen. The only thing is, I don't know when it's gonna happen.\" \"Oh great.\" Zach rolled his eyes. \"Okay, while we look for our way out, let's see if we can find the book,\" he stated, taking Hannah's hand again, walking down the halls. We followed. Except Stine had to keep ahold of Champ's ear so he doesn't run out of the small building. \"Ow, ow, ow, ow,\" Champ kept on repeating, his ear becoming red again. \"Stine, let go of my ear.\" Then he added, \"I won't run out, I promise.\" So Stine let him free, and he rubbed his ear again, getting rid of the soreness as much as he could. \"I think my ear is on fire,\" he complained, still rubbing it. I let out a very soft sigh so no one else would hear it. Like I stated before, I had a lot more pain then having my ear pulled... As we walked down the halls full of mirrors, we didn't find the book. So we tried to find our way out, and ended up in a room which, again, is full of mirrors. Just mirrors. Only mirrors. \"Um...\" I spoke, \"how are we gonna find our way out?\" \"Um...\" was all Stine can give me. \"I think we go... this way? No... I think it's...\" \"Don't say that we are lost...\" Champ started to whine, fear creeping into his voice. \"Hey!\" he cried out, suddenly falling over. \"That mirror pushed me. I swear!\" he exclaimed. Suddenly, the lights cut out, blinding us into darkness. \"I can't see!\" I heard Champ squeal. I can feel him behind me. \"What's happening?!\" I heard Hannah cry out. I bet she was squeezing her boyfriend's hand very tightly. \"It's the mirrors, they're closing in!\" I heard Zach shout out. I tried to find Stine through the darkness, but with no success. \"Is this what's going to happen? Getting crushed by mirrors in the dark?!\" I yelled. Stine spoke right next to me. \"No, because that's not what's going to happen. Only... I forgot what happens next,\" he declared. \"Well, that's fantastic,\" Zach spoke sarcastically. The room rumbled, and even though we could barely see in the dark, we knew the mirrors were getting closer, and we all started to get crammed together, which I didn't like because of physical contact. \"You better figure out what happens next,\" Zach spoke again. \"I don't wanna become a human cube with a bunch of you. No offense.\" \"I'm thinking, I'm thinking,\" Stine replied in the darkness. \"I'm-\" Suddenly, the floor opened up, and we went down... down... down... Down into the ground. We all screamed. \"We're all gonna die!\" Champ screamed. For once, I believe he's right. We're dead. \"Oof!\" A second later, I landed on my stomach, the wind knocking out of me. I also heard the others fall right next to me. I got up and brushed the dirt off my shirt. I checked to see if I still had my backpack on, checking the weight to see if anything fell out. Nope. Nothing fell out. \"Well, would you look at that...\" Stine mused, brushing himself off. \"I remember now.\" It wasn't dark in the underground tunnel, so we all gave him angry looks. \"What?\" he asked. \"You remembered now ?\" Zach said, helping Hannah off the floor, who is wiping the dirt out of her hair. \"Hey, it's been years ever since I created this story,\" Stine defended. \"I was in my early twenties.\" He brushed some dirt out of his hair, too. \"Come on, let's get out of this tunnel. Now be careful not to knock down-\" All of the sudden, the walls and the top part of the underground tunnel started to crumble, before we noticed that Champ had knock down one of the wooden beams that held the dirt ceiling up. \"Champion!\" Stine's face turned red, and he faced us. \"Go, go, go!\" he hollered, waving his hands forward. \"Go! Run!\" Stine ran past us, with us right behind him. \"Ow!\" I cried, when one of the solid dirts hit me on the head, stopping me for a second. Stine had to turn back and grabbed the part of my front shirt, almost hauling me so I can keep going, then let me free. \"Come on, come on, come on!\" Hannah and Zach shouted, the dirt on the walls and ceiling falling more faster, the dirt crumbling around us. By the time we made it out, we practically had to throw ourselves onto the floor outside of the cave, just in time that the cave was completely filled with dirt, blocking the exit that we just came out of. Champ leaned against one of the trees, catching his breath. \"That was close,\" he said. \"I've never ran that fast in my life. I didn't know that one wooden beam actually held that dirt ceiling up,\" he panted. He notice that Stine was glaring at him. \"...what...?\" \"I was about to say to be careful with those beams,\" Stine told him angrily, going up to the boy. \"But you didn't listen! I- You know what?\" He pinched the bridge of his nose. \"Forget that happen. Let's just be glad that we're alive. Let's go to the next ride, and see if the book is there.\" He began walking again. \"I never wanted to go to that building again,\" he grumbled as we all went with him. During our walk to the next ride, I felt breathing behind my neck. At first I thought it was Champ and was about to tell him to go in front of me when I realize that he is in front of me, right between Zach and Stine, with Hannah right with them. I paused, looking around, wondering who could be right behind me. I didn't move, whipping my head around when I heard... giggling. \"H-Hello...?\" I called out. The giggling grew louder. \"Is someone out there?\" I hollered, my heart racing. I held up my backpack full of stuff. \"Come out, where ever you are!\" I yelled out. \"If you don't, I'll throw this at your face,\" I threatened. The giggling grew even louder. \"I said, come out where ever you are!\" I screeched, about to throw my backpack, when I felt a hard tug. \"Hey!\" I protested as the tug became more roughly. \"Haha!\" That laugh. \"Looks like your friends left you,\" a voice spoke. I stopped tugging. \"The Invisible Boy!\" I recognized with a gasp. I ripped the backpack out of his invisible grip. \"What do you mean? they didn't leave me,\" I questioned. \"I'm just far behind them, I'll catch up.\" \"Don't sweat it, girly,\" he snickered. \"They didn't even notice that you stopped when you heard me. Hahaha!\" He laughed again. \"Want to know why I stopped you?\" he asked. I glared at the Boy. \"Why?\" I replied, slipping my backpack back on. \"Because I want to tell you a little secret about this challenge...\" He came closer, his breath hitting my neck. \"You can keep a secret, right?\" he said. I didn't say anything back. \"Do you want to know what it is?\" \"Not really...\" I responded, backing away from him, even though I can't see him at all. \"However... what is your secret? About this challenge?\" I heard his footsteps coming right next to me. \"I'll tell you...\" He giggled before he whispered into my ear. \"I lied. No one is escaping this place. Even if they win, and I'm never going in that book.\" \"What?!\" I jumped back. \"You're insane. You made a deal with Stine!\" I exclaimed, pointing at him. \"I'm not going to keep that secret. When I find the others, I'll tell about your secret.\" I went to walk away, when I felt his hand on shoulder, having me shake him off. \"I hate to be touched,\" I growled. \"You will not tell my father,\" he snarked. \"Besides, they abandoned you, just like Slappy said. You'll never have friends...\" he hissed. \"Don't say that!\" I cried. I lifted my backpack off my back and, even though he's invisible, I swung it. \"Ow!\" Somehow I manage to hit him somewhere, cause I heard him fall to the ground. That gave me time to run. \"Come back here!\" the Invisible Boy shouted after me. \"You shall never tell my father! Never!\" His shout echoed around me by the time I stopped at some ride, catching my breath. I have to tell Stine and the others, I thought. But what if the Boy is right? Slappy said the exact same thing to me. I finally caught my breath, looking up at the ride that I stopped at. I read the sign that said The Doom Slide . Which is a tall mountain, and I can hear screams inside that thing. Maybe the others are inside? I have to climb up and see. Luckily I can climb up the staircase that is inside the mountain, so I won't have to worry how high I am. I started to climb, holding the railing with each step I took. \"Welcome to The Doom Slide !\" I jumped when I saw a Horror right next to me. \"Are you here to go down one of these deadly slides?!\" he proclaimed in a loud voice, almost as if he was yelling at me. \"Actually...\" I rubbed my ears which are now ringing due to his volume. \"...I was actually looking for my friends..\" If they even are my friends. \"Were they on this thing?\" I asked. \"Oh yes, they were,\" he grinned. \"They were on this ride. They were about to go back when they noticed that you weren't with them.\" \"That's because I was halted by the Boy,\" I explained. \"He told me a secret about this challenge, and he told me not to tell Stine, but... I don't like to keep secrets...\" Even if I wanted to tell them about my episodes of my flashbacks I'm getting all of the sudden. \"So... you said that they were going to get me?\" I asked. The Horror nodded. \"Yes, but I told them that they have to go down the slides, even warning them about The Doom Slide . A slide where you keep on sliding...\" He leaned towards me. \"...forever.\" He stood back up. \"Are you going to go down one?\" he questioned. \"What comes up, must come down, right?\" He laughed at his own joke. I didn't. \"What's the matter? I always tell that joke to the humans that come up here.\" \"I never laughed... Or smile,\" I told him. \"That's a shame,\" he replied with a shake of his green, fury head. \"However, you still have to go down one. But,\" he warned, \"one of these is The Doom Slide , and if you end up on that slide, you'll keep on sliding... forever .\" He grinned. \"Go ahead,\" he urged, gesturing his large hand to the slides that each have a number. \"Pick a slide. Any slide...\" I stepped over to the slides. I looked at each number. One of them is The Doom Slide ... I remember reading the book One Day At Horrorland , reading the part where two of the characters in that book went down that slide to find the brother's friend who might've gone on that slide before they did. \"Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" I gasped, jumping back. That flashback... \"Get out of my face, you make me sick! Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" \"Come on, ugly girl! Do something!\" \"Of course it was her, mom. She wrecks everything that she sees. I don't know why we had to take her in. She was just a mistake!\" More came. The same ones, even the one from my nightmares, that I had a hard time figuring out which slide is The Doom Slide . I think they're getting worse... \"So,which slide do you pick?\" the Horror asked, making me jump out of my skin. \"U-Um... uh...\" I stammered. \"The... number ten slide.\" \"Are you sure...?\" I nodded. \"I believe I'm sure.\" I hope that this slide isn't The Doom Slide ... I went over to it, sat down and, with a deep breath, I slid down. As I slid, the slide became more steeper and longer and longer. I let out a scream, going faster and faster, steeper and steeper. \"Why am I not stopping!?\" I cried, my voice echoing. \"When will it end!?\" I gasped. \"Oh no, slide number ten is The Doom Slide .\" Those flashbacks made me choose this one. Just as I thought that I'll keep sliding forever, I landed on dirt by the time I slid out. I sat up, feeling pain on my arm. I looked at it, seeing a scratch mark. It was red, but not bleeding. Thank goodness, cause I didn't pack anything for first aid. I looked around, seeing that my so called 'friends' no where in site. My depression came as I stood up, getting the dirt off my backpack. If they were my friends, then they'll be waiting for me. But what if they never came this way? Did they choose different slides then the one I chose? If so, which ones did they pick? Stine We climbed up the steps of The Doom Slide , with the others right behind me. I had to drag Champ up the steps for him not to fall behind by gripping the collar of his shirt, ignoring his begging and pleading. I wanted to see if the book is up here. By the time we got to the top, we were greeted by a Horror who had a really loud voice that hurt my ears. \"Welcome to The Doom Slide !\" the Horror boomed, making Champ scream like a girl. Like always. \"Are you here to slide to your doom ?\" the Horror asked with a grin, showing his teeth which are sharp and pointed. \"No...\" I answered slowly, rubbing my ears, making them stop ringing. \"We're on a challenge that the Boy told us to do,\" I told him. \"He says he wants to see if we survive or not.\" I didn't tell him about the book that we are looking for during this challenge in case he knows about it. Well, I created these Horrors and the creepy park, so... he basically does know about it. \"So we decided to come on this ride,\" I finished. \"I didn't want to come here!\" Champ cried, ready to climb down the steps. However, that's when Hannah spoke up. \"Dad,\" she said, \"Hazel's not with us.\" \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"She was with us, wasn't she?\" \"Yeah, but now...\" Hannah looked behind her, expecting to see Hazel. \"...she's not here,\" she informed. \"Well, let's go back down at get her,\" I replied. \"She probably stop to tie her shoe or something and didn't know where we went. She's a smart kid, so I bet she's staying where she is.\" \"Oh good, we don't have to go down one of these slides.\" Champ let out a breath of relief. Just as we were about to go down the steps, the Horror stopped us. \"Whoa! You cannot go down that way!\" he declared in his loud voice. \"You have to go down one of these slides. But be careful. one of them is The Doom Slide . If you end up picking that slide, you won't stop sliding. Don't worry, if that girl comes, I'll tell her what I told you, and tell her to go down one of these slides.\" \"Is that it?\" Zach questioned with a raised brow. \"Just go down one of these slides?\" The Horror nodded. \"Yes, but one of them is The Doom Slide .\" Zach went over to one of the slides. \"I bet number seven isn't The Doom Slide . Plus, it's a lucky number.\" He turned to us. \"Wish me luck,\" he said. He took a deep breath, sat down, and slid out of our sites. We listened for any signs to see if he was okay or not. Not long after, we heard him scream. That's good. He's okay. \"Guess, I'll go next,\" Hannah said, walking up to the slides. She looked at each one of them. \"I'll do number six,\" she chose. I watch my daughter slid down the slide. She too, let out a scream. Now it's just me and Champ left. \"I'm not going down those slides,\" he refused. \"I'm going down the other way. The stairs.\" He was about to go down the other way when I walked over to him, grabbed him by the shoulders, and started to push him towards one of the slides. \"Hey, what are you-?\" he started, then realized what I was about to do. \"No! No! Stine, please, I don't want to go down one!\" He tried to break free of my grasp, but I was stronger then he was. \"Stine! Don't!\" \"We all have to do it,\" I spoke in low tone. \"When Hazel comes up here, she's gonna have to do it, too. Remember, kid, we're in this together.\" I stopped at the slide that I pushed him to. \"I bet number eight is a perfect slide.\" I forced him to sit down, then gave him a good shove, making him slid down the slide. \"Stiiiiiiiinnnnnnne...!\" Champ hollered, his voice echoing out of the slide. I kinda smirked before going to the next slide. Number five. Taking a deep breath, I sat down, and began to slide, hoping that this one isn't The Doom Slide . Champion \"Get me off this thing!\" I cried, trying to stop myself from sliding. \"I hate this ride!\" I kept on sliding, the slide getting steeper and steeper, as well as getting longer and longer, faster and faster, the slide not coming to an end. \"Oh no! Number eight is The Doom Slide !\" I panicked, pressing my hands harder on the sides. \"I'll never stop sliding! Help, someone help! Get me off this thing!\" Just as I thought that I won't stop sliding, the slide ended with me flying in the air. \"I'm gonna die!\" I screamed, free falling in the air. \"I just know it!\" I then landed on something. Like a mattress of some sort. Only I didn't open my eyes. \"I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I just died...\" \"If you just died, then how are you talking?\" a voice asked. \"Huh?\" I opened my eyes to see Zach standing in front of me with his arms crossed over his chest. \"Zach! Oh, good God, I thought I was on that slide,\" I proclaimed in a happy voice, getting off the mattress. \"So was I,\" he replied. \"When will Stine and Hannah get off those slides? I don't see them here.\" I opened my mouth when I heard a loud holler, and saw Stine slid out of the slide. He got up off the ground. \"That was terrifying...\" he spoke as we walked up to him. \"Did Hannah get off?\" he asked us. We looked at each other. \"No... not yet,\" Zach informed him. \"If she doesn't get off that thing soon, I think I'm gonna have a panic attack...\" Stine spoke, his voice growing with concern, thinking about having his daughter sliding down the slide forever, and not able to see her anymore. Just like when she was trapped in the new book that Zach had to help finish. Then we heard a high, shrill scream coming from slide number six. Hannah slid out of the slide. \"Whoa...\" she let out as Zach helped her up onto her feet. \"That was... freaky...\" \"Thank goodness your okay.\" Stine went up to her, feeling relieve to see his daughter in one piece. \"Now we can wait here, and hope that Hazel picked the slides we picked.\" \"But...\" I began. \"...what if she didn't...?\" That questioned got us all worried... The other question is: What if she picked The Doom Slide ? Hazel Which slides did they end up on? That's the question I wanted to ask. But no answer came to me. And when I looked around, this is the only slide in this area, and no other ones, which explains why they aren't coming. I looked around, seeing that I was in some kind of forest that is probably part of Horrorland. With a sad sigh, I trudged off, following the path. And while I was walking, I kept hearing howls all around me. I paused, looking around. The howls sounded like wolves... And they sounded dangerous. Are they werewolves? If so, I don't want to encounter one. Seeing the werewolf from The Werewolf Of Fever Swamp is good enough for me and my 'friends'. I began to walk again, my head down, not looking where I was going. When I looked up, the moon was high over the trees at the peak of the night sky, dotted with stars. Another howl, along with others that followed along with it. I then remembered. Wolves howl at the full moon. Even werewolves. But... I don't see any. And that's when I heard growls all over the place, as well as angry barks. Just like a dog would do if it hates some kind of person or animal. My heart beat exoculated. Where are the howling and growling and barking coming from? More howls came, and I keep whipping my head around, trying to find the wolves or werewolves, and didn't see any. As I was walking, my direction facing behind me, I bumped into something and ended on the ground on my back, getting another scratch on my other arm. And just as I was about to sit up, a furry animal looked down at me, baring its sharp, pointed teeth that glistened from the moonlight. It drooled on my face, making me wipe it away. It snarled at me. That's when I realize it was... a werewolf! I began to sit up, only for it to pin me down with one of its huge paws, its eyes glowing this red, evil color. \"Get off!\" I screamed, putting my hands on the werewolf's chest, doing my best to push it off of me. The werewolf barked in my face, making me stop what I was doing. I looked around, spotting a good size rock not too far from me. I looked back at the snarling creature, keeping its attention on me as I reached for the rock. When I felt it, I grabbed it, and hit the monster with it. It let out a yelp when the rock smack it on the mouth, getting the werewolf off of me. Not wasting anytime, I quickly stood up, and ran. I heard the werewolf letting out another howl. I began to hear something chasing me. I looked back, and saw like ten werewolves chasing me, the first one that pinned me to ground in front of them. I looked around frantically, spotting a gate. I ran to it and tried to open the gate. But it wouldn't. It was locked! And while I struggled to get the gate open, a sign caught my attention. It read The Wolfsbane Forest . An angry snarl made me scream. I turned around, pressing myself against the gate. They came closer, glaring at me with those red eyes. And I remembered something else. Something... horrifying . And it just came to me. When you get bit by a werewolf, you'll become a werewolf. Forever. \"Somebody help me!\" I cried, hoping that someone will come. Only... no one came. Not even my 'friends'. Where are they? I wondered frantically. And one of the werewolves jumped at me.[Chapter 12] Chapter 11: Vampire Village I quickly took off my backpack, and swung it at the werewolf that was about to jump on me, hitting it on the side of its head, knocking the wild animal onto the ground, yelping, looking around all dazed up from the impact. The other werewolves growled, their eyes still glowing red. I quickly put my backpack back on, grabbing a good size stick into my hands. \"Get back!\" I swung the stick. \"Get! Get back!\" I repeated, being a tough as possible, swinging the stick at them, until the one in the front grabbed it with its teeth, yanking it. \"No!\" I kept a tight grip on it. \"Let go!\" I yelled, tugging the stick from the other end. The werewolf growled, not letting go. It kept on growling and snarling, pulling the stick before snapping it in half. The werewolf dropped the other half of the stick on the ground. Drool dripped out of its mouth as it came closer, the others doing the same thing. My heart rate went up, and I dropped the other stick that I had right next to me, pressing myself against the gate. I looked around frantically, seeing if there is a way to escape these monsters. I didn't want to get bit by any of them, not wanting to become one of these furry freaks. I didn't want to become... a werewolf. If I had pact anything that is silver, I would've, but I didn't have any at home. Not even silver jewelry. In fact, I don't wear any jewelry at all. Sweat came to my forehead as I gazed down at the werewolves that stalked closer, eyes glaring back into my hazel colored eyes. \"Please...\" I begged, my bold voice being replaced with fear and anxiety. \"G-Get away... Get away! \" I kinda screamed. They, however, ignored me, coming closer with their razer sharp teeth. And right before I knew what I was doing, I kicked the first werewolf under the chin. It let out a yelp, staggering back, shaking its head as if to get rid of the pain. At first I thought they'll run off, but that didn't happen. The one that I kicked let out an angry bark. So loud that it shocked me. It even made me scream. Suddenly, right before I knew it, the first one tackled me to the ground. \"No!\" I cried, covering up the back of my head with my hands and curling my body up into a ball as tight as I could. Luckily, my backpack acted like a shield for my back, but the rest of my body was vulnerable. \"No!\" I cried out again. I can feel the werewolf's hot breath brush against the back of my neck. \"Don't bite me!\" I screeched, my voice high and shrill. I felt a drop of drool on my left cheek. This is it. My life is over. \"Help me!\" I desperately shouted, even if I didn't care if the people I was with are my friends or not. \"Someone, anyone, help me! \" I listened for footsteps. None came. Its like... no one knows that I am here. \"Help!\" I didn't stop calling out. \"Help me-\" Suddenly, I felt the teeth sink into the top part of my shirt, missing my shoulder. I grabbed the bottom part of the gate when it began to tug me. One of the other ones grabbed my pant leg right near my shoe with its teeth, helping the other one. I kept a firm grip on the bottom gate as they tried to pull me and drag me away. I didn't let go, and I began to panic. \" Let go of me ! \" I screamed, my throat becoming raw from the volume I was using. It was like back at my old home, where I get dragged out of bed... I made another attempt for them to release me. \"LET GO OF ME!\" But my screams didn't scare them off so easily. Just as I thought they were about to win, I heard shoes pattering on the fairgrounds, along with an angry shout. \"Hey!\" Stine We stood by the end of the slides, all of us having the same worried look. Where is she...? Did she end up on The Doom Slide ? If so... we'll never see again. Even me... It's like I'm treating as my own daughter, just like Hannah. \"Maybe we should look for her?\" Champ suggested in a questioning tone of voice. \"For once, Champ, you are right,\" I answered, raking my fingers through my dark, brown hair. \"She probably ended up on the other slides then the ones that we got on. She can't be too far...\" I looked around. \"Let's start looking for her,\" I said, and started walking. The others caught up with me, and Hannah was at my right side. \"Dad?\" she spoke. \"Hmm?\" I replied, keeping my eyes straight ahead, and at the same time looking for Hazel. \"This may sound crazy but... it seems like your treating Hazel like your own daughter... Just like me,\" she said. \"What made you think of that?\" I inquired, lifting a brow at Hannah. She shrugged her shoulders. \"...It just came to me,\" Hannah answered. \"And she did start acting a bit... strange,\" she then added. \"Strange?\" I questioned. \"What do you mean by that word?\" \"Well... as we were walking...she...um... she didn't seem... right. I asked her, and she told me she's having... flashbacks...\" \"Flashbacks?\" She shrugged her shoulders again. \"Yeah. I asked her if she was okay, and told me to forget about it,\" she replied. \"I guess she's afraid that I won't believe her.\" \"Well, I'm no doctor, but if she gets them again, and if it gets worse, she should tell us,\" I said. \"In fact, when we were at the graveyard, I asked if she had foster parents since her biological parents are now... gone. And she was about to answer until Zach yelled us to run away from the ghouls.\" \"Hey, it wasn't my fault,\" Zach slightly defended. \"I know,\" I nodded at him. \"Now lets keep look-\" \"Help me!\" We all stopped when we heard a familiar voice calling out desperately. \"Someone, anyone, help me! \" the same voice repeated. \"Help!\" We listened carefully. \"Help me-\" The same exact voice got cut off for just a second. \" Let go of me!\" Slowly we walked, not making any sound at first when the voice let out a raw like scream. \"LET GO OF ME!\" Our slow walk turned into a full blown run, our shoes pattering on the fairgrounds. As we got closer, I saw someone on the ground, holding onto the bottom part of the gate. My heart went up to my throat when I realize it was Hazel and a bunch of werewolves. Two of them were trying to get her to let go of the gate. \"Hey!\" I let out an angry shout, to see if I can shoo them away. By the time I got to the gate, I saw that it was locked. Quickly, I looked around for any key that would unlock it. There wasn't one. I grabbed the gate, shaking it violently. \"Get away from her!\" I yelled aggressively. One of the werewolves barked at me, causing me to release the gate. \"Zach, you're in good shape, jump over the gate, and use anything to get them away from her.\" God, I'm still treating Hazel as if she was my own daughter. Why though? Maybe because I'm a dad. \"Got it,\" he responded. He grabbed the gate and climbed, jumping over it. \"Hey! Hey!\" Picking up a sturdy stick, he smacked the one of them on top of its head, forcing to let go of Hazel's shirt. It let out a yelp, staggering backwards. He then hit the other one, and it too, let out a yelping pain. \"Get back!\" Zach ordered, swinging the stick around, forcing them back. They growled, their eyes glowing red with evil, their lips curled, showing their sharp teeth. As Zach kept doing his best to keep the werewolves away, I noticed the part of the gate and the ground are separated, and it looks like she can crawl under it, since she's small enough to fit through. \"Hazel, crawl underneath the gate. Hurry,\" I told her. As quickly as she could, she began to drag herself underneath the gate, getting halfway to the other side, until one of the werewolves bit down on the soul of her sneaker, and she let out a terrified scream. Hazel As I gripped the bottom part of the gate, the shoe pattering stop, and the gate was being shook very violently, that I almost let go of it. \"Get away from her!\" I knew it was Stine because of his voice, sounding very aggressive towards the werewolves that one of them barked at him, causing him to let go of the gate. \"Zach, you're in good shape, jump over the gate, and use anything to get them away from her,\" Stine instructed. Actually, now that I think about the way he's acting... He seems like he's treating me as his own... daughter? But... that can't be right. And also, why did I ended up thinking that...? The sound of Zach's shoes met the ground, landing with perfect ease just like we did at Stine's house where we had to leap over his fence. Me, Zach, and Champ. Well...as for Champ... he didn't do so well by landing on his, well, face... \"Hey! Hey!\" I saw him pick up a sturdy stick that was out of reach from me, running towards the werewolves, hitting the first one biting my shirt on the head, and the werewolf let out a yelp as it released me, staggering back. He then hit the other one, forcing it jaws to release my pant leg. \"Get back!\" Zach swung the stick around, forcing the werewolves back. Growls erupted from their throats, eyes glowing this evil red. They curled their lips, showing their sharp teeth. \"Hazel, crawl underneath the gate. Hurry,\" Stine urged. I glanced at the bottom gate, and he was right. Between the ground and the gate, I can actually crawl to the other side since I'm small enough to fit. As quickly as I could, I began to drag myself underneath the gate. I only got halfway to the other side, when one of the werewolves sank its teeth into the soul of my sneaker. I let out a scream, using my other foot to kick its nose. Once it let go, I quickly dragged myself to the other side. I checked my shoe. There is teeth marks, but the werewolf didn't bite through it... thank goodness. \"Zach, Zach, Zach, come on, let's get away from them now,\" Stine said, gesturing his hands. Zach did one last swing before he dropped the stick. He climbed over the gate again, and landed back to our side. Stine helped me up by taking my hand, and I flinched at the physical contact, almost yanking my hand away. \"Are you-\" \"Why?\" I forced out, interrupting him. \"Why did it took you guys this long? Huh?! Why?!\" He opened his mouth to answer, but I just kept on going. \"Do you realize that I was almost attack by those...werewolves!\" I rant, my anger taking the toll of its own. \"I could've been killed by those...things! I was almost-\" \"Hazel!\" For the first time that night, Stine used his full volume voice at me . I backed up, my anger slipping back into depression. I couldn't help but stare at his glaring eyes, reminding me of someone else from my childhood... He was... yelling at me. \"The reason why it took us awhile because we had to find you,\" he explained, his angry voice being replaced by his gentle tone. \"Since you didn't come down on the other slides, we believed that you ended up on The Doom Slide .\" He looked at me seriously. \"Did you end up on that slide?\" Stine asked. I didn't answer right away, cutting my eyes towards the ground. \"...yes,\" I responded to his question after a few seconds of silence. \"And also before I ended up forgetting, I ran into the Boy, and he told me a secret about this... challenge...\" Stine serious look turned into confusion. \"...what?\" he replied. \"A secret. He lied,\" I informed. \"He told me that if we win, he's gonna keep us in this place forever, and said he's never going into the book.\" I looked up at Stine, my eyes obscured with water. \"However, he, along with Slappy, was right about one thing...\" My eyebrows lowered as I switched moods. \"You guys aren't my friends...\" I spoke. \"Huh?\" Hannah gave me the same look as her father. \"Don't lie to me!\" I snapped. \"I knew you guys were lying right from the start when I met all of you guys. Both the Boy and that evil dummy said that you betrayed me. All of you!\" Tears ran down my cheeks as I kept on venting. \"I knew I shouldn't trust you guys at all,\" I cracked. \"I've shouldn't... trust you...\" My voice broke, and I squeezed my eyes shut, looking away from everybody. \"...at all.\" I opened my eyes again, more watery tears pouring out of my eyes as I gave them a mix of anger and sad emotion. \"You guys were just using me so that one day that you guys can all just leave me. In fact, I was about to leave all of you guys once we finish this challenge and after we trap everything in the book that we are looking for. But now... I changed my mind. I changed my damn mind!\" I ripped my backpack off of me, throwing it on the ground. \"Here! Have my stuff that I brought for survival for all my friends, even though you were NOT! \" Everyone had startled looks on their faces. They didn't even move or say anything. Without another word, I stormed off to find the entrance of Horrorland that we came through. \"Hazel, come back here,\" Hannah called out to me in an almost pleading tone. I ignored her, walking away faster. I heard her run up to me, not to mention the others, touching my shoulder. \" Don't touch me! \" I screeched on top of my lungs. \"Get lost! All of you! I don't need you guys anyway. Just. Leave. Me. Alone ! I've don't want to see you guys anymore for the rest of my life! You guys aren't my friends! So don't follow me, don't talk to me, and most importantly... STAY AWAY FROM ME! \" I wiped some tears away. \"I know you guys hate me! I know I did mention that I wanted to tell my past life on why I always feel this way... But I don't think it'll make me feel any better. Just...\" I gritted my teeth, pulling my hair. \"Just forget about it!\" I yelled, finding my voice. \"I'm never gonna tell you guys my past life at all!\" \"...Hazel...\" Hannah took a step forward, and I took a step back. \"No... Just...get away from me...\" My vision blurred with more water filling up my eyes, backing away from her and everyone else. \"I don't need you guys anymore,\" I repeated. \"Hazel...\" Hannah made another attempt to stop me, and when my vision cleared, her eyes brimmed with tears, as well. \"Hazel...\" She stepped forward. \"No.\" Stine held out his arm, stopping her from getting too close to me. \"Dad,\" she argued. \"Let's leave her alone,\" he suggested, his eyes very sorrow. \"And find the book and put everything back in. If she says that we used her...saying that we betrayed her, after believing everything that the Boy and Slappy had said to her... Now let's go.\" He picked up my backpack and began to walk away. He stopped when the others didn't come with him. \"Guys, let's go,\" he said, gesturing his head towards the direction that he's heading. Zach and Champ turned and walked away from me, giving me a lot of space. Zach stopped, seeing that Hannah hadn't moved from her spot. He went over to her. \"Let's go, Hannah,\" he said, holding out his hand for her to take it. With tears still in her eyes, she gave me one last glance, and took Zach's hand. But, before she even turned from me, a tear drop leaked out of her eye, landed on the ground, making a small splash... I stood there, my face becoming wet with tears that forced out of my eyes. I turned and began walking, looking for the entrance so I can get out of this horror and scary amusement park. Even though I felt guilty for telling them off... that's never gonna change. No one is my friend... At all. Hannah I couldn't help but to feel the sadness around me as I followed my friend, my boyfriend, and my dad, looking for the book and the Invisible Boy once Hazel told us his nasty secret. However, the other one truly shocked me. It wasn't a secret, really... It was a lie that Hazel believed after Slappy and the Boy told her that we 'betrayed' her... saying that we aren't her friends. And she thought we were lying when we gave her the same confused looks on our faces. Why did she think we hate her? I even stated that we were... best friends... I stopped, letting go of Zach's hand, and he stopped as well. \"Hannah?\" He turned to me. \"I'm going to find Hazel and I want to know why she thinks that we betrayed her, even though that we didn't,\" I said. \"I mean come on. That Boy and that stupid ass dummy told her that lie. And ended up believing them.\" \"Stine said that we just have to leave her alone,\" he told me. \"Why?\" I raised my voice, loud enough that both dad and Champ came to a halt, their heads turning to glance at us. \"Why should we?\" I asked, my voice still high. \"Zach, at the very start of meeting her, she never smiled. Never. She's always sad all the time. And then her mood switched to anger, then back to depression. I even asked if she okay when we were coming to this creepy amusement park. She told me when she having flashbacks, and when I questioned her about it, she told me to like... forget about it.\" \"Hannah, your dad told us to leave her alone,\" Zach repeated. \"Listen to me, Zach.\" My voice lowered a bit. \"Did you see how she reacted when my dad yelled at her? It's like she afraid of him. Something defiantly happened to her when she was young child.\" \"Yeah, she lost her parents,\" he answered. \"Yeah that, but she might've had foster parents or god parents.\" I can tell by the way Zach is looking at me is that he wasn't getting what I was talking about. \"Zach... I want to have answers from her... like when you need to know why my dad was overprotective of me, and you found out after I told you before I had to open the book to get Slappy and all her monster gang, including me...\" I pointed at myself. \"...into that book that you had to help finish since dad's fingers had been broken by the idiot doll.\" I took a deep breath. \"What are you going to do?\" he questioned. \"Just force her to talk about her past life even though she told us to forget about it.\" \"Not by force,\" I responded. \"By asking her nicely,\" I grinned. \"Hannah, I don't think that's a good idea,\" Dad warned, approaching me. \"She was very angry and upset. How about you wait until we put everything back in the book?\" he suggested me. \"No, dad,\" I slightly protested, not wanting him to shout at me, and most importantly, not wanting his face to do the red thing. \"I'm going to find her. You guys go on ahead, I'll be fine.\" \"Are you sure...?\" \"Yes, dad, I'm sure. Now get going and find that book.\" I felt something wet drop onto my head. Then another one, until it started to pour down heavy rain. \"Aw no!\" Dad looked around, not happy that it's now raining. \"If we don't find that book, it'll be ruined,\" he exclaimed, brushing his fingers through his hair. \"Will the leather book cover keep the pages from getting wet?\" Champ asked. Dad slid his hand down over his face. \"I hope so...\" He turned to me. \"Go get Hazel, and I hope you brought your phone with you,\" he said. I took it out of my hoodie. \"Yep, and the battery is only...\" I looked at it. I had to wipe off some rain off so I can read the percentage of the battery of my phone. \"...seventy-five percent,\" I stated, putting the phone back in my hoodie pocket. \"Good, call me when you find her,\" Dad instructed. \"Let's go, boys,\" he added, then took off with the boys right behind him, the rain getting on their hair. Once they had left, I began jog, the rain making lots of puddles around me. Small one and big ones. I wish we knew it was going to rain, but I guess we didn't bother watching the weather channel, and if I had, I'll be able to bring an umbrella. Oh well... I kept on jogging, looking for the entrance that we came through. But the time that I got there, it wasn't open. I thought if she had left, it'll be open, or she basically climbed over the gate. Except, there are no shoe prints in the dirt that is now turning into mud. I walked away from the entrance, shoving my hands into the pockets of my hoodie, getting wetter and wetter. \"Where is she?\" I asked out loud, before I saw a sign to my left. I went over to it. \" Vampire Village ...\" I read, raising a brow. For some reason, I felt like she went here. Either she went through here to find a another entrance, which basically impossible because there's only one entrance to get into Horrorland, or she made a wrong turn, which is understandable since it kinda raining really hard. I took a deep breath, entering the village, calling her name. \"Hazel. Hazel.\" As I kept calling out for her, all I can think is about the things she said to us. Hazel Looking for the entrance to get out of this park isn't easy when it's raining when it's sort of heavy. My clothes stuck to my skin and the inside of my shoes are getting wet. I knew I'll be sick the next day. And my hair is drenched. I made a left turn, thinking that's where the entrance is this way. Except, I found more rides, along with coffins everywhere I look. Like the ones for vampires to go into like in the movies. I didn't care, and I decided to take a break from walking, and sat at one of the tables that looks like it was painted with blood. I rested the side of my head onto my arms that I put on the table top, closing my eyes to rest them. And since it's now raining, I couldn't tell if it was a tear drop that leaked out of my eye, or a rain drop, as my mind replayed the moments of my childhood... I must've dosed off because I began hearing my name being called. \" Hazel. Hazel .\" The person sounded far away, but the voice grew stronger. \"Hazel. Hazel.\" I picked my head up, seeing Hannah. She didn't see me at first, and I thought she'll just walk away, hoping she'll not find me at this table. However, my prediction failed when she actually saw me. \"Hazel,\" she said, her jog picking up into a quick run. I panicked by the time she got to me. \"No!\" I cried. \"I told you guys to stay from me! Hannah, go away before I start getting angry at you,\" I warned. She didn't leave. \"Hannah, just go, okay?\" I said, my voice breaking into a sob. \"No one is my friend. Nobody ever want me in the first place. Both the Boy and Slappy are so right about you guys. I can never trust you or anyone again. Because you guys only pretended to my friends...\" \"What are you talking about?\" she asked, sitting down next to me. \"We would never do that to you,\" she replied. \"Now can you please tell me why you ended up believing what those freaks said that to you, and why you are always miserable...?\" \"I used to be happy...\" I answered, looking down at the table. \"But now I'm like... this.\" \"What made you stop being all happy?\" she kept on asking. \"Hazel, you won't feel better if you just keep this to yourself,\" Hannah reasoned. I didn't respond back. \"Just tell me about your past life... I won't judge you. I'll listen to every word you have to say.\" I sat there, thinking about it. Will she listen to every word I'll tell her? Or is this some kind of trick? \"Find,\" I spoke. \"I'll tell you... But just to warn you, it isn't a happy story to hear from me.\" Taking a deep breath and still not looking at her, I began to tell my about my childhood. \"Back when I was a kid, I had great parents... They're always there for me when I needed them. My mom works at home, while my dad goes out on business trips every week. And since I was the only child, they let me choose the things I want and the things I didn't want. I was so happy back then. But then...\" I took another deep breath, letting out. \"...one day, we were in the car, and a huge truck came, smashing the front hood of the car. I didn't remember anything because I blacked out, and found myself in the hospital.\" I paused for a quick second and continued on. \"Luckily... I survived... and as for my parents, that's a different story. Keep in mind that I was actually five when that happened. When I was released, I was hoping that I'll live with my grandparents or my aunt and uncle's place. Except, they live somewhere else, not close to Madison. Instead, I went to live with my mom and dad's friends... They weren't my foster parents... They were...my god parents. A god mother...a god father...and also a god brother who's older then me. There names were Kelly, Jeff, and Travis... At first I thought it was cool, because I seen pictures of them with my parents before I came around. Only... I was wrong. Very wrong. For some reason, they hated me, always leaving bruises on me. Most of the time both my god parents went out and my god brother will be hanging out with his friends. That's why I prefer them not be in the house. But when they are, they always tortured me... I remember this one day when I saw a vase on the small table of the hallway of the house. I don't know when they got it, and was I memorized by its beauty from its green color. And as I was looking at it, I saw Travis walking out of his room so he can leave the house to see his pals, spotting me, and that's when the horrible ordeal began... 'Move.' I slowly began to move out of the way, only for him to me push to the table. The table shook from the impack when my shoulder hit it, making it shake. The vase wobbled, losing its balance, falling to the floor. A loud, piercing sound came from the vase as it broke into pieces, revealing the blue color from the inside. 'See what you did?' I can only stare at the broken vase. I heard Kelly and Jeff coming over to us, asking what had happened. Travis pointed at me. 'This brat broke your precious vase, mom.' I was afraid to look up at her, but I force myself to do so. She was glaring at me, her face scrunched up with pure anger, and she blew her steam at me. 'Get out of my face, you make me sick!' 'But...' 'I said, GET OUT!' 'You heard mom. Go away, you little freak.' 'But... I didn't do anything...' 'Oh? And you expect me to believe that he did it?' I didn't say anything... 'Of course it was her, mom. She wrecks everything she sees. I don't know why we had to take her in. She was just a mistake!' After he said that, I glanced over at Jeff. He looked down at me, sending me angry eyes. He grabbed me, dragging me to another room that we never use, shutting the door behind him, and... well... from the loud slaps... and my painful screams... you know what's happening in there... Once it was over, I ended up outside on the porch, my body sore all over the place as I cried myself to sleep. School was the same as home. Nobody liked me. They always teased me and bullied me when ever they get the chance. The only person that never hated me is my teacher. And during that time, we would be reading every morning, reading our favorite books that we really like. I had a favorite series, and I never told anyone about my favorite kind of books, fearing that they would judge me and the books that I liked. I wasn't wrong, though, when the teacher announced something. 'Alright, kids, I hope you enjoyed the books that you are reading. I want to know what you are reading about. How about one of you come up to the class, and tell us the book that you are reading. It doesn't matter if you finished the book or not. Just come up and tell us about it.' She looked at each of my classmates, before laying her eyes on me. She smiled. 'How about we start off with a good reader? Hazel, can you come up and tell us the book that you are reading?' She still had her smile on her face. Slowly, I got up from my desk, grabbing my book, walking up in front of classroom. My teacher had this impressed look on her face. 'You're reading a chapter book?' I nodded. The impressed look didn't leave her face. 'Wow, you must be a very good reader. What chapter book are you reading?' 'Goosebumps...' 'Goosebumps. That's amazing. And what's the title of that book that you got there?' I looked at the title of the book. 'The Barking Ghost...' 'Oh, that sounds scary. Do you like scary books?' 'Yeah... my real parents bought me the books last year before I ended up with my god family.' 'Did you bring the books to their place?' Of course, she never knew what goes on at the household. '...yeah...' 'Would you like to tell us what the book is about?' '...no...' She frowned with concern. 'You don't want to tell us?' I nodded. 'Why not...?' I opened my mouth to answer, to tell her that... 'Because those books are awful!' One kid shouted out, and everyone burst out laughing. A girl giggled. 'Those are the worst books ever! I mean, who likes those kind of books?' I can only stand there as they kept on laughing. I knew it. I knew this would happen. 'Settle down, settle down. It doesn't matter what anyone reads.' But they didn't stop laughing when my teacher tried to intervened. Tears came to my eyes, and I ran out the back door of the classroom with the book still my hands. I went underneath the slide, gripping the book, not letting it drop to the ground. I heard the recess bell go off. Oh no... here they come. My hope is that they won't find me... 'Look what we found...' One of the kids grabbed me by the shirt, hauling me to the sandbox, and I ended up dropping the book right near it when I got pushed into it. 'Come on, ugly girl! Do something!' They began kicking sand at me, and all I did was take it. I cried as more sand got into my hair. Then my crying turned to anger, my hands gripping the sand. I can't take it anymore... 'That's it!' With my hands still clenched together, I sat up and confronted them. 'Go ahead, mock me! I don't understand why you hated me! Is it because I have a god family who doesn't like me, so you can do the same when I'm at school? Huh?!Isn't it?! Why?! Why do you guys pick on me and judge me for the things I like?' A girl made a smug smile and answered. 'You're useless.' I can feel my face turn bright red, and I swore that I thought smoke came out of my ears like in those cartoon shows. 'How am I useless? I never did anything to you guys. Why can't you guys be nice and be my friends?' The boy who pulled me to the sandbox gave me a sneer. 'No one wants to be your friend. Besides, who wants to be your friend? Oh, that's right. Nobody.' That's when my anger took on with itself. I let out an angry scream, throwing the sand that I had in my hands. 'My eyes! My eyes! MY EYES!' He screamed, brushing his hands onto his face, frantically trying to get the sand that are now burning his eyes. Now's my chance. I picked up my book and ran off, not looking back until I got to my place. Quickly, I grabbed two suitcases, packing up as much as I could. Including my books. 'Where do you think you're going?' A voice boomed, startling me. It was Jeff... and my anxiety started to kick in. He was glaring at me through his framed glasses that he always wore. 'Answer me, missy! Where do you think you're going?' 'Away from here.' 'What?!' 'AWAY FROM HERE!' I screamed at my god father, walking up to him. He was a large man who is in his late twenties or early thirties compared to me since I'm a little girl. 'I don't want to see you nor anyone else ever again! I don't want to get beaten anymore!' His glare never left his haunting eyes when he grabbed me by shirt, and was about to drag me to that one room. 'No!' I yanked myself free from his grasp and ran out the door with the suitcases in tow. 'Get back here, right now!' Jeff hollered out to me angerly, but I didn't stop. I just ran, the suitcases wheeling behind me. I didn't stop until I spotted an empty house. I walked up the porch, opening the front door, and surprise to see sheets on lots of furniture. And so, I moved in, and cleaned up the place... and made it my home. And as the years went on... I lived there, my happiness being taken away from all the bad things that had happened to me... That's why I will never be happy... because nobody likes me, Hannah. Both Slappy and the Boy are right about you guys...\" I sniffled, tears getting mix in with the rain as they flowed down my face as I put my head down. \"There, I told you about my childhood,\" I spoke in a broken voice. \"Now you can just leave me here so I can be miserable forever.\" \"Hazel... I'm sorry. Really, I am,\" Hannah spoke with compassion. \"But what the Boy and Slappy said to you isn't true at all.\" \"Maybe your right...\" I shrugged my shoulders. \"Only I can't trust anyone anymore...\" Hannah didn't say anything for a long while, until she said something that shocked me. \"Since you're always living on your own, would you like to live with me and my dad...?\" she asked. I picked my head up, blinking my eyes at her. \"What...? No... No, I...I can't. I-\" \"Hazel, I'll ask my dad if you can stay with us,\" she insisted. \"Come on, I'm your best friend, right?\" \"...I guess...\" I responded with another shrug. \"And I'll tell dad what you told me, if that's okay with you.\" \"Sure... go ahead,\" I said, and Hannah pulled out her phone. \"You're going to call Stine?\" I questioned. \"Yeah, he told me to call him when I find you,\" she explained, dialing Stine's phone number. \"He'll come get us and-\" Something smacked the phone out of her hand, landing on the pavement screen first. But our attention was not on Hannah's phone, because we began to look up, and saw a pale, white face vampire. And not just one, at least dozens of them. And they look thirsty...[Chapter 13] Chapter 12: Vampires And Screams We slowly got off the table as they came closer with their fangs ready. They let out ugly hisses like a snake. My heart began to raise when my anxiety went up a notch, sweat coming to my forehead. \"Grab your phone, quick,\" I urged, motioning Hannah to get it. She quickly snatched the phone off the ground just as one of the vampires almost grabbed her with his skinny fingers. \"Does your phone still work?\" I asked. She didn't answer and began to press the button that turns on the phone. \"Is it working?\" I repeated. \"My phone's broken,\" she declared, answering my question. \"The screen is broken and so my phone isn't working. And I just got this two days ago!\" She let out a frustrated grunt, throwing the phone back on the ground, causing the back of it to pop off. \"Now, I can't call dad,\" she said. She gazed at the vampires that came closer, with me and her backing away. \"We need to use something against them,\" she told me. \"Like what?\" I questioned. \"Well... What do you use against vampires?\" Hannah quizzed me. My eyebrows wrinkled together, trying to think of what we can use to get rid of these vampires. \"Okay...how about this. What do vampires hate?\" she asked since I'm having a hard time figuring this out. \"A wooden stake...?\" I guessed. \"We would use one, but the problem is that we won't be able to find one in time,\" she clarified. \"What else?\" A vampire stepped closer to her, reaching out to grab her. She picked up her foot, kicking it in the shins. \"Back off!\" Hannah yelled. \"Hazel, what else do vampires hate?\" \"Garlic?\" I answered, even though I wasn't sure it was the right answer. \"That's right. Now, let's out run things as best as we could.\" \"Um... hello?\" I waved my hands. \"Did you know that vampires have super speed? Like in those Twilight Saga movies?\" \"Vampires don't have speed, Hazel,\" Hannah corrected me. \"But, they do turn in vampire bats and fly.\" She put her mouth close to my ear, whispering. \"On a count of three, we run as fast as we can.\" \"Got it,\" I confirmed. \"One...\" she began to count. \"Two...\" We got ourselves ready to dash away from these monsters. \"Three!\" As fast as we can, we began speeding away from them, my feet picking off the ground. \"Go, go, go!\" Hannah hollered. The vampires let out hisses. I turned my head over my shoulder, my eyes going wide when I saw them transform into bats. They let out screeched, flapping their wings, flying towards us. \"Yah!\" I let our a holler when one of the bats landed in my hair, its talons scraping my scalp. I reached and grabbed the critter, pulling it out of my hair, then flung it away from me. The bats screeched when that one bat hit them, sending them a few feet back. \"Where are we suppose to find garlic?\" I cried, catching up to Hannah. \"Over there!\" Hannah pointed at one of the snack stands that you normally find at any amusement park. We went up to it, seeing a Horror wearing a vampire cape just like the ones that are now bats. \"Do you have anything with garlic?\" she puffed. \"Yes, I do,\" the Horror exclaimed in his rough voice. \"I have animal blood with mix garlic, raccoon with garlic on top. In fact a lot of our food stands in Vampire Village has garlic on everything. We even have garlic powder for those who just wants to eat that instead.\" \"We'll take the garlic powder,\" I said, looking back to see if the vampires are still coming after us. \"Small, medium, or large?\" he asked, putting each container of garlic powder on the stand. \"The large, thank you,\" Hannah quickly said, grabbing the container. \"Let's go,\" she directed towards me. We ran back to where the bats are. \"Hey!\" Hannah grabbed a hand full of the powder, throwing some at them. The powder hit them, and they turned back to regular vampires, all letting out angry hisses. I grabbed a hand full, throwing some at them, as well. \"Does your dad know where we are?\" I threw another hand full at them. \"Because I don't think we can keep these things away from us for long.\" \"How is he suppose to know?\" she replied back. \"If these-\" She threw more powder at them. \"-vampires hadn't made me drop my phone, I would have called him. Then, he and the boys-\" Another toss of powder. \"-will find us and help fight these things.\" \"...sorry,\" I apologized. \"...I was just asking...\" Now, I felt bad since I forgotten that her phone isn't working anymore. \"It's fine,\" she sighed. \"Let's just throw as much garlic powder as we can. If we keep throwing this stuff at them, maybe they'll die.\" As we went to grab more hand full of garlic, one of the vampires transformed back into a bat, landing on her head. \"Bat in my hair, bat in my hair, bat in my hair!\" She flared her arms around, dropping the container, the garlic powder spilling everywhere. Taking the bat out of her hair, I threw it at the vampires, hitting one of them in the face, knocking the vampire onto the ground. The vampire let out a nasty hiss, picking himself off the ground, and began to transform again, along with the others, turning back into bats. \"Uh... Hannah...?\" I pointed at the bats, getting her attention. \"I think they're more thirsty then ever...\" \"Quick, grab as much garlic powder as you can,\" she said. Reaching down, she went to grab some, but one of the bats almost bit one of her hands, making her let out a short scream. \"Yikes!\" she cried out in alarm. The bats let out ear piercing screeches, showing their fangs, flapping their wings very fast that our hair blew back behind us. They flapped closer and closer, with us slowly backing away, until we hit our backs against a building. And that's when I remembered something else. Just like with werewolf bites that turn people into werewolves, vampire bites will turn people... Into vampires! \"We gotta get out of here!\" I panicked. \"Vampire bites turn people, like us, into... vampires.\" \"But, we're trapped,\" Hannah proclaimed. And that's when the bats started to attack us, and we dropped to the ground. \"Cover your neck!\" she hollered over the screeching bats. \"Why?\" I had to yell, as well. \"That's where they bite!\" Quickly, we cover our necks with our hands. \"Help!\" she yelled out. \"We're being attack by bats!\" Never in my life did I hear such fear in her voice. Most of the time I see her help stop the monsters. \"Dad, Zach, anyone, help us!\" \"How are they gonna find us at this place?\" I questioned in my hollering voice. Hannah picked up her head, seeing something. \"Quick, into that barn!\" Brushing the bats off of her, she picked herself off, helping me off the ground, shooing the bats away. \"This way,\" she said. Running away from the vampire bats, we made it to the building with a sign that reads Bat Barn . \"What's a Bat Barn ?\" I asked. Not waiting for her answer, I grabbed the handle of the door and opened it. \"Duck!\" Hannah declared, bending down. \"Huh?\" I looked into the barn. \"Whoa!\" A huge swarm of bats flew out and I ducked, covering my head and neck. By the time they cleared away, we ran into the barn, closing the door. Not a lot of moonlight came in, though. So, it was kind of dark. \"Were those vampires that turned into bats, or were they just bats?\" I said. \"I'm not sure...\" she replied. \"I think they're just bats.\" She leaned her back against the wall. \"Now, we just wait for dad and the others. They're looking for the book, and since I didn't call him, he'll start to worry. If we had a chance, they might end up here.\" \"Are those bats gonna come back?\" I can still feel the bat talons on my head. \"I hope not,\" Hannah answered. \"Well, we can't stay here for long in case they come back,\" I told her. She nodded. \"Good point. Let's just get out of this village and try not to get bitten.\" Opening the door, she peered her head out, looking around. \"The coast is clear,\" she slightly whispered. Stepping out of the barn, we only got a couple feet away, when all the bats swooped back into the barn, making us scream as we threw ourselves back in, the door slamming shut. \"Is there another door?\" One bat swooped onto my shoulder and I smacked it away. \"Yeah, this way!\" Hannah ran across the barn. By the time we reached the other side, I grabbed the handle, opening the door, and we dived out of the barn. I got up and slammed the door shut behind us. \"Well, that happened,\" I exclaimed after that experience. \"I think we should find another building that has a phone.\" \"I don't think they have phones, Hazel,\" she said to me. \"I haven't seen any payphones ever since we got here. How about we just go find dad and the others instead?\" she suggested. \"I'll tell him about what happened to my phone.\" \"Don't forget to ask him if I can stay with you guys,\" I reminded as we began walking. And while we began to leave out of this village, the rain began to clear away. But, that didn't change my depressed mood. \"Don't worry, I won't forget. Now, let's go find the others.\" We stepped out of the village and began to look for the others. Stine \"Why hasn't Hannah called me yet?\" I held my phone in my hand all while looking for the book. \"She was suppose to call me when she finds Hazel,\" I said. \"Maybe her phone battery died,\" Zach theorized. \"Or a Horror took it,\" Champ shivered. Those words sent chills down my spine, and I stopped. \"Zach, Champ, we'll have to look for the girls first and then find the book so we can put everything back in there. Including that lying and annoying Boy.\" They both stopped walking and turned to me. \"Are you sure...?\" Champ seemed to hesitated. \"I'm sure,\" I stated with a firm nod. \"They may be in one of the other areas at the park.\" I looked around, until I spotted a sign that says Carnival Of Screams .\"This way, you two.\" I began to walk there, hearing one of the boys' footsteps, and as I walked I turned to see Zach was right behind me except for Champ, who stayed at his spot. With an annoyed look, I stomped over to him. \"Let's go,\" I ordered in a slight harsh voice. \"You guys go there, I'll look for the book,\" he told us, not budging at all. So, not wanting to argue, I grabbed the kid by the ear again. \" OW!\" he screamed as I forced him to come with us, keeping a tight grip on his ear. \"Stine, I don't want to go to that area,\" Champ wailed. Of course, I ignored his pleas, not wanting to hear it. I gave him a harsh look. \"Champion, I need to see if the girls are okay, alright?\" I replied through clenched teeth. \"If something bad ever happened to them, I'll not a have a good life anymore.\" That made him shut up and he winced in pain when I gripped his ear even tighter in case he tries to get out of my grasp. \"So, you think that Hannah and Hazel are in here?\" Zach asked, shoving his hands into his pockets of his hoodie. I shrugged. \"I'm sure...\" I answered honestly. \"You know, not only you're worried about your own daughter...\" he began to bring up. \"...but you also seem to treat Hazel the same way.\" \"I know,\" I replied. \"I just wish I knew why she got angry and upset at us when she thinks that we're not her friends.\" I sighed. \"Hannah did say she wants answers from her, and I hope she did. I hate seeing Hazel so unhappy... I wonder what happened to her.\" \"And I guess it wasn't a good idea just to leave her alone,\" he pointed out the mistake we've made. \"You're right.\" By the time we got to the Carnival Of Screams , I released Champ's ear, and he began to rub the pain away. \"My ear is gonna be swore tomorrow,\" he complained once he finished. He looked around. \"I don't like this place,\" he whimpered with a shiver. \"I'm gonna go,\" he said, turning around. \"Oh no, you don't.\" I grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, yanking him back. \"Not until we find the girls,\" I told him. While I held him by the shirt, I saw a ride not too far from us that reads Calamity Canyon . \"They could be over there,\" I pointed. And while Zach didn't refuse to come with me, I had to drag the awkward teen to that ride. Champ gasped once we got there. \"A roller coaster?!\" he freaked out. \"We're not going on that thing, are we?!\" He began to sweat. \"I hate roller coasters!\" he cried with fear. \"Even kiddie coasters,\" he added. Feeling bad for him, I changed my demeaner. \"We're not going on it,\" I assured him, releasing him. \"We'll just go see of Hannah and Hazel are there, okay?\" \"You sure...?\" he said in a quivering voice. \"I'm sure,\" I promised. \"I don't lie.\" \"Except when you did that to the cops,\" Zach brought up. \"Thanks, Zach,\" I rolled my eyes. \"Come on, we won't know if the girls are here if we just, well... stand here.\" I walked over to the ride. \"Hazel? Hannah?\" I stepped onto the platform. \"Hazel? Hannah? Are you two in here?\" I walked over to where the tracks a train for people to get on so they can ride the ride. \"Hello?\" I called out. \"Huh,\" I shrugged. \"They don't seem to be here,\" I confirmed. \"Do you see them, boys?\" I asked them once they came up to me. Zach shook his head. \"I don't see them, either,\" he replied. \"Me neither,\" Champ also replied back. \"God, where are they?\" I raked my fingers through my chestnut hair. \"Maybe they're over by the Dead Ringer ...\" I thought out loud. \"Or maybe... over at the Wheel Of Misfortune . Or could they be over at the Bumper Carnage .\" I kept on thinking, pacing around, rubbing my chin with my index finger and thumb. I began to get very worried for those two. \"They could be over at the Ghost Train ,\" Champ brought up. I gave him a suspicious look. \"How do you know about that ride?\" \"I have the Goosebumps Horrorland game for my Nintendo Wii,\" he explained to me. \"Plus I know the other rides from reading the Goosebumps Horrorland series. I also know about the attractions like The Wolfsbane Forest , which I believe Hazel was at before we saved her and when she got mad at us. Good thing she didn't get attack by the rare werewolf which called the White Wolf.\" \"Oh,\" I understood. \"That makes sense...\" I said, nodding my head. \"Okay, we'll check over at the Ghost Train and see if they're over there. If not, we'll keep looking around here.\" I started walking with Zach at my right side with a worried look on his face. I can tell he's concerned about the girls just as much as I am. I look back to see Champ standing around for a little bit. \"Champ.\" I gestured my head for him to come with us. Champ looked behind him as if they would appear over at the tracks, then started walking. \"I wish Taylor was here,\" he muttered. I was glad that I didn't have to force him over to that ride because when we got to that area, the girls aren't there, either. \"I was hoping they'll be here,\" he stated, scratching his head. \"After all, Hannah's a ghost.\" \"She was a ghost, Champ,\" I corrected him. \"I wrote her back to where she can age with Zach and all the other kids,\" I explained. \"Oh.\" He nodded. \"Should we check over at the Horrorland Derby ?\" he suggested with a hint of nervousness. \"Yeah,\" I replied. \"We'll check there, and if they are not there, we'll check over at the Monster Mash .\" Walking away from the Ghost Train , we all made our way over to the Horrorland Derby , and saw that they weren't there, either. There is a Horror, though, so I went up to him. \"Have you seen two girls?\" I asked him, even though he scares me. \"One has short, light brown hair that stops at her shoulders, has hazel colored eyes, wearing yellow shirt and jeans and blue-ish sneakers. And the other one has dark brown hair in a ponytail, brown eyes, a denim hoodie, along with jeans as well, and sneakers that are the color of white with light blue stripes,\" I described to him. The Horror shook his fury, green head, rubbing his left horn. \"No girls came here,\" he stated. \"By the way... would you like to try the Horrorland Derby ?\" He gestured his hand at the game. \"Um... no thanks,\" I declined. \"We'll just keep on looking,\" I said. I turned to the boys. \"Let's go,\" I whispered. \"Let's see if the girls are over at the Monster Mash .\" We started walking over that area. Only, when we got there, we looked around at the Horrorland Derby . Except they weren't not here, either. \"Where can they be?\" I questioned out loud. \"Could they be over at the Terrible Teacups or at the Ferris Squeal ?\" I began to pace around again. \"Well, if they aren't at the rides and games that we already checked, how can we be sure if they'll be at those rides?\" Zach crossed him arms as questioned me. \"They could be somewhere else,\" he said. \"Maybe you're right,\" I sighed, rubbing my forehead. \"They might be at The Tunnel Of Screams ...\" \"Oh no, not that place.\" Champ shook his head. \"Isn't that the tunnel that walk you through with worms dropping from above and you can hear... screaming around you?\" he asked. \"Yes, Champ,\" I answered. \"That's why it's called The Tunnel Of Screams . Come on.\" I began walking. \"I have high hopes that they will be there,\" I said. \"Can we go somewhere with a ride that is... oh I don't know... less scary?\" Champ asked, catching up to me since I was speed walking down the path. \"What kind of ride would be less scary, Champ?\" Zach replied. \"This is Horrorland , remember?\" He gestured his hands at the rides and games that we went up to, even the Terrible Teacups and the Ferris Squeal . \"Besides, the book might be at the tunnel,\" he believed. \"Right?\" he asked me. I raised my brow. \"Could be...\" I responded feeling very doubtful. \"I just want to see if the girls went through there,\" I shrugged. So, we continued our way to The Tunnel Of Screams . When we got there, we stared at the large tunnel that is the shape of a skull with empty eye sockets. Champ's teeth chattered with fear. \"I have a bad feeling about this...\" Ignoring him, I started towards the tunnel when he grabbed me by the sleeve. \"Do we have to go in there?\" he whimpered, biting his bottom lip. \"I can stay out of the tunnel in case the girls come here,\" he offered so he can have an excuse to stay out of the tunnel. \"If you don't come with us, I'll pull your ear. Again,\" I threatened the kid. He blinked. \"I'm gonna run,\" he said. He turned and ran, just like he stated. Of course, he didn't get very far when I went after him, grabbing him by the ear. \"There's no use running away, kid,\" I stated, hauling him towards the tunnel. \"We have to find the girls, and if Zach is right, the book might be in there. Now...\" I forced him to face me. \"...are you in? Or are you in ?\" I glared at him, waiting for his answer. \"Um...what should I choose...?\" he began to think. \"In or in ...\" \"Oh, good God, man!\" Getting fed up by him by the minute of each second, I clenched my fingers around the collar of his shirt, and both me and Zach headed to the entrance of the tunnel with Champ struggling to get free from my grasp. I almost smirked since he doesn't have a lot of strength then I do. \"Don't fight me, kid,\" I warned. \"I told you, there's no use running away. So, do you promise to not run off again?\" \"Y-Yes, sir,\" he quickly nodded. I squinted my eyes at him. \"...I don't believe you,\" I said. After I said that, he continued struggling to get free, not wanting to go into that tunnel. \"Stine, I promise I won't run off.\" I gave him a disbelief look in his eyes and he switched his gaze away from me. \"Really,\" he insisted. I released him. \"Okay...\" I nodded. \"But-\" I raised my finger. \"-if you try to head off again, I'll... I'll...\" I try to think of another threat. \"Ugh! I can't think of anything! All I want to do is fine the girls, get the book, so we can trap everything in it. I can't believe that the Boy lied to us.\" \"I'm hungry...\" Champ complained. \"So am I. Hey, maybe there's snacks in Hazel's backpack.\" Zach pointed at the backpack that had been hanging by one strap on my left shoulder. I forgotten that I had that thing. \"She did say that she packed things for us to survive the night,\" he stated. \"Okay, but we need to walk through the tunnel and then we can eat,\" I said. \"But, I want food now!\" I glared at Champ. \"And how old are you?\" I asked him. \"...sixteen...\" he muttered. \"But, I haven't eaten all day,\" he told me. \"I think I'm gonna die with starvation!\" he declared. \"In fact, we're all gonna die!\" He then buried his face into his hands. \"We're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna-\" \"We're not gonna die!\" Zach yelled. He took his face out of his hands. \"We're gonna die!\" he declared again, freaking out. \"Here.\" I tossed him an apple that was in Hazel's backpack that I'd opened. \"She does have snacks in here. Would that fruit make you shut the hell up?\" He was about to answer, but I interrupted him. \"Good,\" I said. I zipped the backpack shut. \"Let's get going.\" I began walking into the tunnel. I looked to make sure that both of them were behind me, and they are. While we walked into the tunnel, horrified screams surrounded us. \"I hope you girls are okay...\" I wished. \"Ah!\" I stopped when I heard Champ scream and I spun around. \"What? What is it?\" I walked over to him. \"A worm dropped on my apple...\" He plucked the worm off, tossing it to the ground. \"Great, there's worm slime on it.\" He toss the apple to the side, until another one plop in front of us, landing on the ground. Then another and another, until it began raining worms. \"Let's get out of here!\" Zach exclaimed. \"Good idea,\" I agreed and we began running, the worms falling all around us, even on our heads and shoulders. \"I hate worms!\" Champ proclaimed. \"In fact, I hate all bugs. Even butterflies !\" I can hear the boys shoes clattering on the ground with Champ still proclaiming with fear. \"Why can't we go to a fun amusement park?\" he said. \"Because we need to get rid of this park,\" I responded over my shoulder. By the time we made it out, we stopped to catch our breath. \"Well, that was terrifying,\" I exclaimed once I manage to regain my breathing. \"Let's just hope that the girls don't walk through that,\" I pointed at The Tunnel Of Screams . \"Plus, I didn't spot the book, did you?\" Zach and Champ shook their heads as the took the worms out of their hair and off their shoulders. \"No,\" they answered. I sighed. \"I thought so...\" I took the worms off my shoulders and out of my hair. \"I basically need a shower to get all the worm slime out of my hair,\" I said. Champ threw the last worm onto the ground. \"I think I lost my appetite...\" He looked at the worms that are now wriggling away back into the tunnel, making him shiver. \"I probably won't eat apples for a few weeks,\" he shuddered. \"Man... where can those girls be?\" I repeated the questioned, then I snapped my fingers. \"I know, they might be at the Werewolf Village ,\" I proclaimed. \"Are we gonna go into The Wolfsbane Forest ?\" Champ questioned with another shiver. \"I don't want to be face to face with the White Wolf.\" \"No, but we can check the other attractions that are there,\" I clarified, and began walking. \"Besides, the book might be at those areas...\" I paused. \"So, let's go over there now, and if the girls or the book is there, got it?\" I said, looking at the boys. \"Got it,\" Zach replied. \"Can we split up?\" Champ asked. \"I don't want to go Werewolf Village .\" \"I said this twice before I believe, so I'm going to say it again. We're in this together, kid,\" I ignored his suggestion. \"But-\" he started to protest and I kept on ignoring him with Zach walking along side me. \"Guys, come on...\" He began to catch up with us. \"Why don't we just wait for them?\" I immediately stopped, turned, and cast a sharp glare at Champ. \"Are you out of your mind?\" I walked up to him. \"If we wait for the girls, the Invisible Boy is going to do more havoc if we don't get everything back in the book. In fact, I believe he's doing it now. But, I'm not sure since he's invisible.\" \"But, we might never find the book,\" he stated, gesturing at all the areas. \"Yes, we will,\" I replied. \"The book is here somewhere at this park, and the girls are around here somewhere. So, let's keep on going. Forget about having a rest break and find the girls, then the book so I can get everything in it.\" Turning around and began to hurry off. \"Wait for us,\" Zach called out from behind me as I heard them run up to me, then began to follow me to Werewolf Village . \"I hope we don't run into werewolves,\" Champ mumbled with a shake of his head. \"This is the worst night ever...\" He kicked a rock out of his way. \"I hope that the girls are there,\" I responded. Then I thought: Hannah, Hazel, if you aren't over there, then... where are you? Where are you, girls? Hazel We trudged on the path, looking for Stine and the boys, but with no luck. My shoulders slumped and I turned to Hannah. \"Sorry that I'd got angry at you guys,\" I apologized, and I mean it. \"I know it wasn't right at all... You were right about Slappy and the Invisible Boy. I shouldn't have ever listened to those two. And since you asked me if I was okay as we were coming to this creepy park and I told you I was having...flashback of my...childhood, and told you to forget about it... Well, the reason is...\" I slumped my shoulders a bit lower, looking down at the ground as we continued to walk. \"...that I was afraid that you won't believe me...\" \"Why wouldn't I believe you?\" she questioned me with surprise. \"Hazel, you should tell us if something is bothering you. Besides, it might be a problem, too. Having flashbacks from traumatic events can be serious. I learned that in health class at school that I take,\" she told me. \"Unless it keeps on happening,\" she added. I shoved my hands into my pockets of my jeans. \"...They only happened in my dreams... but now I'm getting them when I'm not sleeping... and they only did...twice, I think...\" I replied, before letting out a sad sigh. \"Although, I did had a dream in the car...\" I brought up. Her brows went up. \"What kind of dream?\" she inquired. \"About you and Zach,\" I mentioned, pulling my hands out of my pockets, my hair almost covering my face as my head dipped a bit lower. \"I dreamt that I was at that abandoned amusement park, and you were there, smiling and waving me to come over to you. In that dream, you wanted a hug from me, so I shook my head, and you told me that with just one hug, I might get used to physical contact since I don't like to be touched anymore thanks to my god father... And so, I went to do it when...\" I had to squeeze my eyes shut because they began to water, forcing them to dry. \"...you shoved me to the ground. You called me ugly and I also think you said worthless, too. You even told Zach that I was a... thing. And told him lies just like Travis did to his parents, which again are my god parents, and at the end of the dream... I got kicked in the face.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that... But, me and my friends will never fib at you,\" she said sincerely. \"My wish is that you would be happy again. You could be suffering with depression...\" \"Maybe...\" I shrugged. \"Only, how can you be sure? You're not a doctor,\" I questioned. \"No, I'm not a doctor, but you could sure you one in case you have depression or anything else,\" she advised. \"That's another thing I'll tell my dad.\" \"Alright,\" I merely repeated with the same frown on my face. \"Maybe they went in there,\" I pointed to a sign that reads Carnival Of Screams . \"Maybe...\" Hannah repeated, not feeling very sure. \"But, we won't know unless we check, right?\" she said turning to glance at me. \"Right,\" I confirmed, feeling a bit confident with a serious look that I most likely held. We both went into the Carnival Of Screams , and the first ride we went up to is Calamity Canyon, which is a roller coaster that has a train on the track. \"Want to ride?\" We both jump and turned to see a Horror right behind us. \"Want to ride?\" he repeated is questioned. \"Uh...no thank you,\" I declined. \"We're wondering if my dad and the boys came here,\" Hannah added. \"Sorry, didn't see them. I was on break,\" the Horror explained and gestured his hand at the train. \"Want to ride?\" \"You already said that...\" I told him. \"...three times,\" I added. \"Yeah? So?\" he responded with crossed arms. \"Look, since you're here, why don't you have a ride?\" he suggested. \"Just one ride.\" I looked at Hannah. \"Run.\" After I said that, we both took off. \"Hey!\" the Horror exclaimed. \"Come back here, humans!\" he hollered. We kept on running until we stopped at a tunnel, catching our breathes. \"If they weren't...\" I puffed, filling my lungs up with air. \"...over at the Calamity Canyon , then I doubt that they are at any of the other rides and attractions.\" \"I believe you,\" Hannah agreed once she caught her breath then saw a sign that is above the tunnel. \" The Tunnel Of Screams ...\" she read. \"Hey!\" she declared. \"They could've walked through there...\" \"And went to the other side,\" I finished, getting where Hannah was at. \"Come on.\" We both walked into the tunnel with screams all around us. \"If they're still at the other side, then we-\" I was cut off when something wet and slimy fell on my head. My eyes widen when I reached and grabbed something out of my hair, lowering it to my eyes. \" Ew, it's a worm!\" I screamed, dropping it onto the floor. \"Hazel, it was just one-\" A worm fell on Hannah's shoulder, cutting her off. \"Huh...?\" She looked up and so did I. The ceiling was covered with worms and they began falling to the ground. \"Run!\" she cried. We ran full speed across the tunnel the screams piercing in our ears and the worms continuing to fall of the ceiling, barely missing our heads, plopping onto the ground. Once, we made it out of the tunnel, we stopped to catch our breath again. I looked around for Stine and the boys. \"They're not here,\" I reported. \"Then, where can they be?\" Hannah questioned out loud. I can tell she was worried, especially with her dad. That was the thing I wanted to ask as well. Where could they be...?[Chapter 14] Chapter 13: Werewolf Village I looked around, trying to figure out where Stine and the others could be. I placed my hand on the tunnel, then yelped when a worm slithered on it. \"Uh...\" I spoke, flicking the worm off my hand, \"...let's go somewhere else and to find the others,\" I suggested, getting grossed out by the slimy bugs. \"I don't want anymore worms crawling up on me.\" I shivered. Hannah nodded. \"Good idea,\" she responded, agreeing with me. \"They could be anywhere.\" She let out a sigh. \"I hope my dad doesn't have a panic attack...\" she said. \"Plus, I don't want to be in Horrorland anymore, either.\" \"Same,\" I replied. \"I mean, they could be over there...\" I pointed at a sign that reads Werewolf Village . \"...or over there...\" I then pointed at sign that says Fever Swamp , which looks like a water park. \"...or they can be over there.\" I also pointed at a sign that says Black Lagoon Water Park . I ran my hand over my face. \"They can be anywhere. Do you think they're looking for us , too?\" I asked. \"I'm not sure,\" Hannah answered in a honest voice. \"Plus, I'm hungry, too,\" she added. \"I hadn't eaten all day long,\" she slightly complained. \"So am I.\" My stomach growled with hunger. \"I shouldn't have thrown my backpack at you guys and not run off...\" I let out a frustrated moan. \"Again, I'm sorry for yelling at you guys,\" I repeated my apology. \"It wasn't right for me to do that.\" Hannah was about to place her hand on my shoulder and stopped, letting it dropped to her side. \"Don't apologize anymore, Hazel,\" she assured me with a light grin. \"You were just angry, that's all. At least your face didn't do the red thing like my dad's face when he gets angry. Come on, maybe the guys went into Werewolf Village .\" She gestured her hand for me to follow her. Not hesitating for one second, I went with her, shoving my hands back into my pants pockets, blowing my hair out of my face. We didn't talk for a whole two minutes until I spoke up. \"What happened in the house between you and Stine?\" \"What?\" She gave me a questioning look. \"You and Stine,\" I repeated, keeping my eyes straight ahead. \"It just came to me, because I was doing my final walk a few nights ago when I heard you and Stine arguing,\" I explained. \"So, not to make sure you or your dad not to see me, I spied you guys from the other side of the fence, standing at the side of Zach's house, and that's...\" I paused for a second. \"And that's?\" Hannah continued, waiting patiently for me what to say next. \"Go on,\" she urged lightly, and I felt her stare at me. Not in a bad way, a good way. Calm way, to be exact. \"And that's when I heard you screaming bloody hell,\" I continued to explain. I felt tears emerging in my eyes. \"I thought Stine was beating you... just like Jeff did to me. But, when I asked Stine if he was abusing you, he gave me a shock look, and told me that he wasn't hurting you...\" I breathed in and out my nose. \"All I wanted to ask is...\" I looked at Hannah who continued to give me that relax stare. \"...what happened in that house? Really?\" I insisted. \"Why did you scream like that? Because it freaked me and your boyfriend out.\" Hannah let out a heavy breath and responded to my question. \"Alright, I'll tell you. Remember when I was glowing blue when the moonlight shined on me. You know? At the school? It even happened at the graveyard when you were up ahead with dad and Champ when Zach was walking with me.\" \"...yeah...\" I nodded, remembering the scene at the school, but didn't know that she also glowed blue at the graveyard. \"I saw that, and found out right away that you are a ghost. Actually... Are you still a ghost? Because I'm not sure if you told if you're a living person or if you're still a ghost... Oh wait, you did told me. Sorry...I forgot...\" \"That's okay. Well, my dad rewrote me back into the world where I can age with Zach and everyone about my age,\" she told me. \"Anyway...\" Hannah went back to explain that very night on why'd she let out that frightening scream. \"...when I came back from my secret hideout, my dad wasn't happy with me, feeling disappointed that I didn't stay away from Zach. We were up in the study room, and I kept trying to tell dad that he needs to stop being so overprotective of me. 'Dad, it's not a big deal...' I told him, as he was pacing around the study room with me nearby the window that is directed towards Zach's house. 'Hannah, you have to understand...' Dad tried to reason with me, but I wasn't having it. 'I don't have to understand anything!' I raised my voice, getting all worked up. 'We were just talking,' I exclaimed. 'Why can't I have friends?' I asked him. He sent me an angry look. 'You know why !' he yelled, gesturing his hand over at the bookshelf that are filled with his books. I gave him a frustrated look. 'That's not fair!' I protested, my voice high and shrill. 'You can't keep me lock up all the time,' I said. 'You are never allowed to see that boy ever again!' His angry look turned into a glare as he came up to me. 'Do you understand me?!' he bellowed as he got in my face, throwing his hands in the air, having my frustrated look being replace with fear. I never liked it when he gets angry at me. 'Ever!' he repeated. 'Dad, please calm down...' I begged in a pleading tone of voice, seeing him go over to the bookshelf, scanning the row of books that are on the shelves until he pulled one out. He didn't say anything as he grabbed the manuscript key off his desk, and right away, I knew what he was about to do. 'No!' I let out a cry that escaped my mouth. And just as he was about to unlock the book, he suddenly tripped over the lamp cord, causing it to crash, and I let out a scream when the lights cut out, raising my hands as if to shield myself, as the room went into darkness. In the darkness, I heard my dad get up, plugging the lamp back on, which somehow didn't break, the room being filled with light again. Picking up the book, which is my book, and the key off the floor, his glare disappeared from him when he looked at me. I was breathing heavily, dropping my hands back down. And we stared at each other. Dad opened his mouth to say something when we heard a knock at the front door. It sounded frantic. He set the key under the clear glass that he keeps it in that is on his desk, as well, along with putting my book back on the shelf, and pointed at me. 'Go to your room,' he ordered in a strict tone of voice. 'Why?' I questioned him. 'It could be Zach...' My voice trailed off when he came up to me, pointing out of the study room with his finger. 'Go. To. Your. Room,' he repeated through gritted teeth. 'Now,\" he added. 'Don't come out unless I say so,' he instructed. Not wanting him to get angry at me for not doing a simple task, I did so. I walked into my bedroom, closing the door, hearing my dad stomp down the steps to answer the front door. 'What? What?' Dad said from downstairs. I can hear Zach in a concerned manner. 'I heard a scream. Is Hannah okay?' he replied. I wanted to go downstairs very badly to see him, but if I do, I'll get in big trouble. 'There was no scream,' my dad stated, pretending that our arguing and my scream had never happened. 'You didn't hear anything. Get out of here, or the last scream you'll hear will be your own.' I flinched when I heard the front door slam shut. In my room, I heard Zach beating on the front door. 'Let me see Hannah! I need to see if she's okay! Let me in the house, you psychopath!' The pounding on the door got louder and louder. 'I said-' He was cut off as my dad screamed, 'Get away from the door, NOW! You are never seeing my daughter, EVER! Do you understand me?! I'm warning you!' I jumped when he slammed the door again, then heard him climb up the stairs. 'Hannah?' he called out. Instead of answering, I went over to my bed and lied down on top of my covers that are on the mattress. 'Hannah?' I heard my bedroom door opened, then heard his shoes as he came over to me. 'Hannah?' he said. I still didn't answer and put one of my pillows over my face. I felt him sat on the bed. 'Hannah... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get angry at you... But, things will get better...' 'You say that all the time,' I muffled. 'Hm?' Dad questioned. 'You say that all the time!' I repeated, sitting up, throwing the pillow across the bed which ended up on the floor, instead. 'You always say 'things will get better',' I quoted with my fingers. 'You know, this is getting ridiculous. We keep moving from one town to the next, and you always keep me indoors for every twenty four hours each day! I want to make friends, but you-' I pointed at him. '-wouldn't let me! At all!' Dad's eyes filled with sorrow. 'Hannah, you need to understand. If you go out, people will find out what you are,' he reasoned with me. 'And my secret,' he added. 'I don't care about your damn secret!' I yelled, getting all fed up. 'Hannah Fairchild Stine, don't you ever say that word at me again!' He pointed at me. 'You know why I'm strict with you. You know why I'm overprotective of you. I was picked on during my younger years because of my allergies that I had to stay indoors.' 'And what makes you think that people will start making fun of me?' I argued. 'Dad, I won't know unless you allow me to make friends in this town,' I explained to him. 'There are a lot of bad people out in this world, sweetheart,' he told me gently, as I turned my body around, staring down at the floor. 'And do you remember what happened back in Chicago?' he asked, changing the subject all of the sudden. 'Back in two thousand and ten? You know? Six years ago?' I nodded. 'Slappy got out of his book and released all the monsters,' I recalled, rolling my eyes. 'That's right, and with a help with someone, too,' he recalled as well. I gave him a confused look. 'Who?' He shrugged. 'I don't remember her name,' he answered honestly. 'However it wasn't Hazel since she has light brown hair that stops at her shoulders. The girl I met who was in the library distracting Slappy at the Town Centre Galleria, she was twelve at the time and she had dark, brown eyes and short black hair. Shorter then Hazel's. She does have an older brother, though. I don't know his name, either.' '...oh,' was all I replied. 'I wish I knew who they were, but... I guess I was asleep in the car...' 'And that's a good thing,' he pointed out. 'And luckily, it was a cloudy night, too,' he remembered, chuckling. 'Of course, that girl knew who I was right away when she saw me.' 'Really?' I gave him a disbelief look. 'Yep, before I went on calling myself Shivers, I went by-' A knock came at the front door again. Dad narrowed his eyebrows. 'God, can't that kid ever take a hike?' He turned back to me. 'Stay here.' He got up and went to see who it is. I heard the door opened and got up from my bed, pacing around the room as I heard different voices from downstairs, along with my dad answering questions. I then heard Zach yelling for my name and I stopped pacing around, until I heard a male voice and not my dad's. Minutes later, he came back into my room. 'Was that Zach?' I asked him, hopefully. He let out an exasperated sigh. '...yes, that was him, and he called the cops on me. And I have to lie, saying that you moved back with your mother in London.' 'Great job, dad,' I responded back in a sarcastic voice. 'So, you didn't let him see me?' I questioned him with crossed arms over my chest. 'That's right,\" he strictly answered, until his phone rang. He answered it. 'Hello?' 'Uh, hi,' a voice spoke. 'We want to talk about the domestic disturbance that happened tonight. Mind if you come to the station?' Dad looked at me and went back to the phone. 'Sure, I'll be there.' 'Thank you, sir. We'll see you there. Bye.' There was a beep sound when the person hung up. 'Who was it?' I asked dad as he put his phone in his pocket. 'The police asked me to come to the station,' he told me. 'Stay here and I'll be back.' 'Okay,' I nodded. \"And so that's what happened and why he's so overprotective of me,\" Hannah finished. \"And when my dad went to to police station, I heard voices in the study room. At first when I grabbed the baseball bat I thought some burglars broke into the house.\" She chuckled. \"I didn't know it was you three.\" Hannah glanced at me, noticing my confused expression. \"What?\" she said. \"Slappy released the monsters before you and Stine moved to Madison, Delaware? And some girl helped him?\" I asked. \"Yeah,\" she answered with a nod, \"six years ago. Like I said, he told me he doesn't remember her name nor her brother's name. I think he had a phone call from her, saying that she needs help or something to stop that evil dummy.\" I shivered. \"I hate ventriloquist dummies… they freak me out,\" I replied. \"Even dolls,\" I added. \"Did you know my god brother actually forced me to watch horror movie about a possessed doll? It was an old movie, but it was terrifying. It was called Child's Play .\" I kicked a rock out my way. \"I even begged him to turn it off, only he wouldn't. And that's when I got upset and tried to take the remote from him. He was twelve when I was five, so he was bigger than me.\" \"What year was that when you were five and when your god brother is twelve?\" Hannah asked. I shrugged my shoulders. \"I'm not sure...\" I responded honestly. \"I'm not good at remembering dates,\" I explained. \"Anyway...\" I sighed. \"We were fighting over the remote since I don't want to watch the movie anymore, and he threw it at the TV, making the remote make a large scratch on the screen, causing the television not to work anymore...\" I paused. \"...and when Kelly and Jeff came to ask, Travis...\" \"Let me guess...\" Hannah added. \"He lied to them, saying that you broke it. Even when you never did it at all.\" \"That's right...\" I confirmed sadly. \"Did they believe him?\" My eyes widen a bit before I looked at her. \"Of course they believed him!\" I cried somewhat loudly and stopped walking and she did the same. \"They always believe him! Every time when something goes wrong at the household, he tells them stupid fibs to my god parents! Especially to Jeff! And I hate it!\" \"Okay, okay,\" she replied after my rant. \"Sorry that I asked. To me, your god brother sounds like an ass,\" she commented. \"And he's still an ass,\" I remarked. \"What if you run into him?\" she replied. \"I hope I don't run into him,\" I clarified as we began walking again. \"I mean, seriously, if I run into him, bad things will start happening again.\" Another sigh slipped out my lips. \"I wish I can use Stine's magic typewriter and write a story about him and his family so I can suck them into a book. That way I won't have to worry anymore. In fact, a few nights ago when I was walking back to my house, I saw theirs... But, I didn't go near it, I just...walked away from it in case they see me.\" \"You should tell the police,\" Hannah suggested, as if my god parents are out to find me. \"The police are stupid,\" I muttered under my breath. \"Besides... it was a long time ago since I ran away from home,\" I told her my irritated mood being replaced with depression. \"Boy... you switch moods a lot,\" she commented on my different expressions that I keep receiving. \"Not only that I think you might be suffering depression, I feel like you're bipolar or something.\" I scoffed a bit. \"Where did you learn that?\" \"Health class,\" she shortly answered. \"It's something that I learned in school.\" She then began thinking. \"If you want to, I can also ask my dad if he can enroll you in school...\" \"No,\" I responded, holding my hand up. \"I don't want to go to school anymore. If I do, I'll end up reliving my awful experiences. Plus, I might run into my old classmates again...\" \"How would you know?\" she slightly questioned me with a raised brow. \"I just do,\" I answered unnervingly, looking at the ground, listening to the sound of our shoes hitting the pavement of the Horrorland path that we are on. \"Hazel, you won't know if you-\" \"I said, NO!\" I cut her off in a aggravating tone of voice which shocked her. \"I'm sorry...\" I calmed down. \"It's just that...I don't want to go through the same thing,\" I explained to her. \"Alright?\" I said. \"...Alright,\" she agreed. Then added, \"I hope the guys are at Werewolf Village .\" \"I hope we don't run into werewolves,\" I added in as well. And we continued our way to Werewolf Village . When we finally arrived, we entered, seeing lots of different buildings like the clothing store called Fur Sure! And another one that looks like a spa, which is called Moment Of Paws as we walked by them. Around us we heard howls over at The Werewolf Petting Zoo and The Wolfsbane Forest . The forest I was previously after I went down the Doom Slide . I hope the gates a still locked... I don't want to get attack by werewolves again. As we continued walking, we were surprised to see a female Horror coming up to us wearing a dirty apron with stains all over it, walking out of a restaurant that was in front of us, causing us to stop at our tracks once she stood in front of us. \"Hey there,\" she greeted in a gruff voice. \"Would you like to have a bite over at Wolf It Down ?\" she asked us, gesturing at the restaurant with her large, green fury hand. \"It's the only vegetarian werewolf restaurant in Horrorland. We specialize tofu one-armed shepherd pie, cub club cheese sandwiches, and-\" \"We're not hungry,\" I told her, cutting her off, even though I was starving. I really don't want to have any Horrorland food. \"Aw, come on,\" she encouraged with a toothy smile, almost like a werewolf. \"You girls look like you haven't eaten all night.\" \"We're not hungry,\" I repeated in a slight rude tone of voice. My stomach rumbled and I couldn't help but feel embarrassed as she let out a throaty laugh. She actually sounded like a werewolf when she does that. \"Come on, girls, I don't want you to starve.\" She reached out to grab us with her fury green hands. \" No! \" My outburst caused the Horror to give out a gasp. \"Don't you dare touch us!\" I warned, glaring into her eyes. \"We're looking for three guys. Have you seen them?\" I questioned her. \"Just a minute ago,\" she answered. Hannah stepped forward. \"Which way did they went?\" she asked, standing at my side, eyes locked on the Horror. \"They went...\" She pointed at the direction. \"...that way,\" she told us. \"Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?\" she replied. \"Like Hazel said, we're not hungry,\" Hannah informed her, then turned to me, putting her hand at the side of her mouth, and silently said, \"I'm starving.\" \"So am I,\" I repeated from earlier also covering the side of my mouth, saying it silently where the Horror can't hear it. I looked back at the Horror. \"Thank you,\" I responded to her direction that she pointed. She notice my facial expression. \"You okay?\" she asked me. \"I'm fine,\" I responded in a snippy voice my depressed mood switching to anger. I turned to Hannah. \"Let's go,\" I said, wanting to get away from the green, fury monster. \"Let's go and keep on searching for Stine and boys.\" \"Good idea,\" she replied. We then burst into a run, hearing the Horror hollering at us. \"Come back here and have something to eat!\" We're not hungry, I repeated in my mind. We then stopped, taking deep breaths. \"Okay, she stated that they went that way,\" I pointed, referring to the direction that was told to us. \"They probably went in one of those buildings,\" I stated. \"You might be right,\" Hannah agreed, gazing at the buildings. \"Let's check in there.\" I looked to see the building she was pointing at. \"Wolfgang's Music Shop?\" I questioned. She nodded. \"Yeah, we can check to see if the guys are in there,\" she answered, walking towards the building. \"If not, we can ask a freaky Horror that works there in case he or she saw them,\" she said, not stopping that I had to catch up with her. \"You know,\" I brought up, \"if they would've stayed over at the end of The Tunnel Of Screams , none of this would ever happened,\" I complained. \"Well, dad did say that we should leave you alone, but I refused,\" Hannah replied by the time we got to the building. And when we opened the door, loud blasting music pierced into our eardrums. \"Ow!\" she cried from the loud sound. \"This sound is worse than being trapped inside a book with all the monsters that Slappy released!\" she hollered, covering her ears, but I can barely hear her. \"What?\" I yelled as I covered my ears. \"I said, this sound is worse than being trapped inside the book with all the monsters that Slappy released!\" she repeated much more loudly. \"What do you mean the sound is worse? Were the monsters going insane?\" I pressed my hands over my ears more tightly as a loud, electric guitar solo came through the speakers. \"You know, if someone doesn't turn this damn music off, I'm going to end up deaf!\" I declared. I glanced over to see a Horror at the desk, bobbing his large head at the loud beat of drums after that guitar solo until it went back to instrumental. \"We howl along as we sing this song.\" The singing came through the speakers in a loud growly tune. \"We'll keep on howling all night long,\" the Horror sang along to the loud singing from the speakers. \"Let's howl at the moon, and we'll jam until noon.\" Not wanting to lose my hearing, I walked over to him. \"Hey!\" I tried to yell over the music and song, but he kept bobbing his head at the rhythm, and didn't hear me. Like I said before, I am kind of quite. \"Hey!\" I forced out, more loudly this time. That made the Horror shut up and stopped singing and he was surprised to see me and Hannah. \"Will you turn that down or shut the music off?\" I requested. \"We want to ask you something!\" Like I asked, he shut the music off. \"You want to ask me something?\" he repeated my words. I rubbed the pain from my ears. Hannah also rubbed her ears, as well. \"Yes,\" I finally answered once the pain is gone, \"we want to ask you something. Have you seen three guys? Were they in here?\" \"A few minutes ago,\" he responded. \"Are you here to purchase some werewolf howl recordings of moon-themed songs on CD of the most famous all-werewolf band by Howie And The Howlers ?\" he asked, gesturing his hand over at a poster on one of the walls. \"We have all their songs if you're interested,\" he said with a grin that I wish I can do. \"No, thank you...\" I replied, feeling very uneasy from him due to his large size, reminding me of Jeff. \"Do you know where they went?\" I questioned him like a cop would do in case someone saw a murder run past them. He shook his head. \"Sorry, I wish I knew, but I turned the music back on so I wasn't paying attention.\" Figures. \"If you want,\" he continued talking, \"you can check over at Over The Moon Souvenirs , or...\" He raised his finger. \"...you can check at Make Me Howl .\" \"Thanks.\" After that, me and her stepped out of the building, hearing the music and song being played again. \"I can't wait to trap everything in the book,\" I said to her. \"I can't wait, either,\" she replied, looking around. \"I hope you know who isn't listening since he's...well... a fraud...\" she whispered. \"And a menace,\" I added, referring to what Stine calls him. \"Come on, let's check at Over The Moon Souvenirs .\" I began walking with Hannah right by my side. \"Will I ever smile again?\" The question just popped out of my mouth, along with a long frown on my face. \"I don't know I asked, but I just did. So... will I ever be happy again, Hannah?\" \"I'm not sure,\" she responded. \"However...\" She turned to me. \"...if never see you smile... I won't mind. We don't mind if you can't smile anymore.\" She then sighed. \"Although...I wish you could smile.\" \"...maybe I'll smile someday,\" I replied with a short shrug of my shoulders. By the time we reach Over The Moon Souvenirs , which is actually a gift shop, the bell on over our heads jingled as we entered, seeing a lot of werewolf-like souvenirs. I walked around, wanting to see if Stine and boys are here. \"Looking for something to buy?\" I jumped and turned around to see a Horror next to me. This creepy amusement park is filled with these green, fury monsters. \"We have silver bullet key-chains, wolf cub dolls...\" A shiver ran down my spine when he said 'doll'. \"...miniature Werewolf Village play sets, a jar of authentic werewolf drool, and... \" He held something up that was hanging at the back of his neck. \"...we have wolf tooth necklaces.\" He let the tooth that was hanging on the string hit his chest as he dropped it. \"So, what you like to have?\" he asked with a toothy grin. \"We have a lot of things that has to do with werewolves,\" he said in his growly voice. I bet all these Horrors have those voices. \"We're not here to buy anything,\" I told him, stepping back due to his large size. \"Me and her-\" I pointed at Hannah. \"-are looking for three guys. One adult and two teenagers,\" I said. \"Were they here or not?\" I was getting tired of looking for them, and I hope they're looking for us, too. \"A few minutes ago,\" the Horror answered, going over to one of the shelves that is display of wolf cub dolls. \"You look like you need a stuff animal to take home with you,\" he grinned. \"We're not here to buy anything,\" Hannah repeated my words. She looked at me. \"I can't wait to finish this 'challenge',\" she mouthed. I nodded, knowing what she meant. I looked back at the Horror. \"Okay, we'll get going now,\" I said to him. \"Are you sure you don't want to buy anything?\" the Horror replied, gesturing his hand at all the stuff, clutching the wolf cub doll. \"This doll is made by real werewolf fur,\" he stated to us. \"No, thank you.\" I backed away from him. \"We didn't bring any money, so... yeah...we're not here to buy anything.\" Hannah and I walked out the door. From outside, we looked inside the building. The Horror shrugged his large shoulders, and then we made our way to the next building. \"You know, if they aren't over at the next place, I'm gonna start having an anger fit,\" I griped, clenching my hands into tight fists. \"I'm getting tired of looking for them, I want to get everything in that damn book that we still cannot find, and,\" I added, \"I want to punch that Invisible Boy in the face.\" Hannah furrowed her brows. \"How are you going to do that?\" she questioned. \"The Boy is invisible. There's no way you can punch him.\" \"I can,\" I responded to her question. \"I actually hit him with my backpack that your dad has now,\" I explained to her. She blinked. \"Oh... I see...\" And as we continued walking, she spoke again. \"Are you still interested in staying with me and my dad? Cause I'm still gonna ask him if it's okay for you to live with us.\" \"...yeah...\" I nodded my head. \"Besides...I don't want to live on my own anymore,\" I expressed out. My stomach rumbled. \"And I'm still hungry,\" I added, my face turning a bit red from embarrassment. \"Don't worry,\" she assured me. \"Once we find my dad and the boys, we'll have a rest break. If we get one though.\" I didn't reply. I just gazed ahead until we spotted Make Me Howl building. We got closer to it and I grabbed the doorknob, opening the door wide open. And upon opening it, I found out it was another shop. \"Why is it called Make Me Howl?\" I turned to Hannah and asked her. \"I don't hear any howling...\" \"Neither do I...\" she returned, looking around. \"Dad?\" she called out. \"Zach? Champ? Are you guys in here? Hello?\" Silence. \"Dad, are you here?\" she repeated. \"Guys?\" she called out again. \"Huh...\" She shrugged her shoulders. \"They're not here, either,\" she reported. \"Ugh!\" I groaned in frustration. \"Where can they be?!\" I nearly screamed, getting more and more aggravated by the second, kicking a wall nearby. \"We checked every damn building! \" I cried. \"Where else can they-\" I stopped. \"Be...\" Somehow, I figured out where they're at. I don't know why, but it just...came to me. I stopped my rant, looking over at my friend. \"I believe I know where they are,\" I said. \"Huh?\" Hannah's eyebrow perked up. \"Hazel, I think you're fit somehow messed up your brain,\" she clarified as if I was insane. \"No, Hannah,\" I protested, waving my hands in the air. \"I know where they can be.\" \"Okay, okay.\" She held up her hands. \"Okay, I believe you,\" Hannah said. \"Alright, we just need to go to the-\" \"Hello there,\" a voice cut me off. Me and Hannah screamed in surprise to see a Horror behind us. \"Are you here to transform into a...\" He grinned. \"...werewolf.\" He laughed. He stepped forward and we stepped back from him. \"We don't want to be werewolves!\" I stated firmly. \"Why not...?\" he replied, walking closer to us as we walked backwards to the door that we use to get inside. \"We only do it digitally,\" he almost assured us. \"I said, no,\" I confirmed again. He glared at us, grabbing the front of my shirt and grabbed Hannah by the shoulder. \"You know...\" the Horror began. \"...I've been waiting for a long time to transform someone into a werewolf. Except no one came except one man and two teenage boys, one of them being a coward.\" \"Too bad for you,\" I exclaimed aggressively. \"And let go of us!\" I commanded. \"Or I'll pinch you,\" I warned, remembering the time when I read that book that we are still searching for. \"No pinching is allowed in Horrorland,\" he declared. \"Then let go of us,\" I repeated, my eyes locked on his. Not wanting to ignore my warning, he sighed. \"Okay,\" he obeyed, releasing his grip on us. \"I don't want to get pinched. You know what happens to us Horrors when we do get pinched, do you?\" he said in a creepy tone of voice. \"Y-Yeah...\" I stuttered, reaching for the doorknob. \"Let's go,\" I directed towards Hannah. \"Okay,\" she responded in return. We ran out of the door, letting it slam shut. \"Let's get out of this village,\" she declared. Once we reached out of Werewolf Village, we stopped to take a short break. \"Okay,\" she breathed, \"you said you know where the guys are, right?\" \"Right,\" I confirmed. \"Well...\" She waved her hands. \"Tell me,\" she slightly urged me to speak. \"Where can they be, Hazel?\" I gave her a short, simple answer. \"The Stagger Inn Hotel. \" Stine We continued away to Werewolf Village to see if the girls are there. I actually hope they are there, and once we find them, we'll continue to look for that book that the Horrors stolen from me twenty one years ago, so I can get everything back in there. Along with the Boy who is such a… menace… Including a lier! God, I can't wait to trap that obnoxious thing! \"You look angry,\" Zach noted towards me. \"I'm not angry... I'm just...\" I pinched the bridge of my nose, taking my glasses off my face. \"...annoyed from not being able to find the girls and the book. I want to know if they're okay or not,\" I spoke in a concerned voice. \"I mean, this is Horrorland, boys,\" I told them. \"The scariest park on earth,\" I empathize, gesturing my left hand at all the rides and everything else. \"Then, why did you create it?\" Champ said. \"I just have an act for it,\" I shrugged. \"Although...this gift...of mine...is a curse,\" I barely sentenced out, pausing in between words that I can barely muster out. \"I should've never created monsters as well as this park... If those brats hadn't made fun of me because of my stupid allergies, I wouldn't have to scare the daylights out them with my books that I'd had written over the years...\" I paused. \"And I should've known that I forgotten one of the monsters; the Invisible Boy.\" \"Like that one night where we saw the huge giant praying mantis?\" Zach brought up. \"And you didn't remember writing anything about it?\" He raised his brow at me, crossing his arms as we continued to walk to Werewolf Village . \"Hey, that mantis didn't appear later in the book,\" I defended. \"That's why I didn't remember writing about that bug,\" I explained. \"I've written four hundred million copies and sold them to those bullies,\" I nearly spat out. \"Okay,\" he said a bit defeated. \"I was just saying...\" I let out a sigh. \"No... it's fine...\" I answered, putting my glasses back on my face since I almost forgotten that I had them off, or else I'll end up running into a tree. \"Besides,\" I added, \"this curse might never leave me.\" Once we finally made it to Werewolf Village , we entered. I was expecting Champ to turn the other way, but when I gave him that warning look, he didn't. Probably so he wouldn't get his ear pulled again. \"I don't like this place...\" he whimpered, the howls both coming from The Werewolf Petting Zoo and Wolfsbane Forest . \"I'm going to be hearing those howls in my head for the rest of my life,\" he said, whipping his head around as if to see if any werewolves have appeared or not. I looked around, spotting the first place. A restaurant that is a few feet away from us. All three of us approached it and I shifted Hazel's backpack over to my other shoulder. It wasn't very heavy, though. However, I couldn't help but to feel very hungry. I hadn't eaten all day and neither did the kids, and I bet they were starving, too. I wanted to stop and for us to take a snack break, but I want to find the girls before we do that. And if we're lucky, we might end finding the book, as well. Plus, if something ever happened to those girls... I'll kill that Boy. Or... I can at least try to. Oh wait... monsters can't be killed... Darn it! Ugh, I'm so hungry that I can't even think straight. \"I'm hungry...\" Champ suddenly let out his words that I was thinking. \"You should've eaten that apple that I gave you,\" I told him. \"But, you decided to waste it.\" \"It had worms on it!\" he exclaimed. \"I even said that I lost my appetite because of those...slimy things... until now because all I keep thinking is about food.\" Zach gave him a soldem look. \"Please don't say food...\" he spoke, his stomach rumbling except he didn't care at all. \"I rather find Hannah and Hazel, then to die of starvation.\" \"I'm sorry, Zach,\" Champ apologized. \"I just want a sandwich or something...\" \"Stop saying words that has to do with food!\" Zach snapped. \" You stop saying the word food!\" Champ attacked back \"How about you both don't say that word?\" I cut in, not wanting them to continue how hungry they were before I even start yelling. \"Sorry...\" they both responded, once they stopping arguing. Once they shut their mouths, we proceeded towards the restaurant. Even seeing that place makes me want to eat there. But, I don't think Horrorland food is edible. Probably just... stuff that I'd rather not think about. A few seconds later, Champ spoke. \"...I want a burger...\" \"Oh for God's sake, boy,\" I voiced out, getting very irritated that he couldn't keep his mouth shut that has to do anything with...you know what I'm talking about. \"I'm going to shove some Horrorland snacks down your throat if your don't shut the hell up about food!\" I threatened. \"God, I just said the word food!\" I declared. \"I just said again! Ohh, I just want to find the girls and finish everything else!\" I ranted, feeling my face turn red with anger. Then, I took a deep breath and let out slowly, and my face turned back to its normal color. \"Okay...\" I manage to calm down. \"...not only that we're starving, but we're also tired,\" I said, along with a yawn that I couldn't keep in my mouth. \"So, let's all just calm down and keep searching for the girls,\" I stated clearly. \"And once we find them, we'll stop to take a rest break… and eat what Hazel has packed for us.\" I lifted her backpack to show them that I meant it. \"You sure this time...?\" Champ didn't seem too convinced. \"You said that after we went through that terrifying tunnel...\" \"Well, this time I'm keeping it,\" I replied my answer. \"Let's just get to that place...\" I looked at the building as we made our closer to it. And by the time we did, I read the sign. \"Wolf It Down?\" I arched an eyebrow in question. Zach noticed my expression. \"What?\" he manage to speak. \"You don't remember writing about restaurants in the book that we need?\" he inquired, pointing at the building. \"...kinda,\" I answered. \"Come on,\" I commanded, grabbing the door, swinging it open for all three of us to enter in. \"Ew,\" Champ groaned. \"Okay... my appetite just went away,\" he spoke, his voice sounding different when he pinched his nose shut. \"You sure...?\" I gave the kid an arched brow again. \"Well...\" he thought as he began to think about it. \"I'm not sure... It might come back.\" \"Uh huh...\" I responded in a slight dull, tone of voice. \"Now let's check to see if any of the girls are at a table,\" I told them. \"And I hope they didn't eat anything in this place,\" I hoped fearing the worst of them getting sick. Just as we were about to search at each table, a Horror wearing an apron with stains on it came walking to us. The stains actually bothered me since I'm a bit OCD. \"Ugh...\" Champ let out another groan. \"Now, I know where the smell is coming from...\" He pinched his nose closed even tighter. Zach didn't seem to care for the least. Either that he's used to bad smells, or he just doesn't want to be a wimp, just like the awkward teen. \"It's not that bad,\" Zach told his best friend. \"I'm not use to these kind of smells, Zach,\" he explained. \"I actually failed Biology class for not being to cut open a frog back in seventh grade, and I refuse to take that course again.\" Zach rolled his eyes in reply by the time the Horror got close to us. \"Welcome to Wolf It Down ,\" she greeted. \"The only vegetarian restaurant in Horrorland. With food such as tofu one-armed shepherd pie, wolf cub cheese sandwiches, and-\" \"We're here to check to see if two girls are here,\" I cut her off. \"They didn't stop by here,\" she said. \"However, why don't you take a seat and eat some food,\" she suggested. I declined her offer. \"We're fine,\" I lied. Both boys nodded. \"Come on,\" I said. \"Let's keep searching for the girls.\" \"Coming,\" Zach responded to my command. \"Yes sir,\" Champ added. When we reached back outside, the Horror stopped the door from fully closing. \"You sure you boys don't want anything to eat?\" she asked in a concerned manner. I gave her a glare from my eyes. \"We're fine,\" I repeated nothingless. Being a good lier, she nodded her head, heading back to the kitchen, letting the door closed shut. Champ released his nose, suching a lung full of hair. \"Oh good,\" he gasped. \"I can breathe now.\" \"You were holding your breath, too?\" I questioned. \"It was that bad, okay?\" he answered shyly. \"You're a wimp,\" I slightly insulted. \"Hey!\" I ignored his protest. \"I'm not a wimp. In fact, I actually saved Taylor from a werewolf since her used-to-be-boyfriend abandoned her,\" he recalled, remembering that very moment. \"With silver fillings,\" he acknowledged. \"Silver!\" he exclaimed. \"I didn't know you had cavities...\" Zach stated. \"So, you didn't brush your teeth in years? That's gross, dude,\" he mentioned. \"I was ten when I had to get them filled.\" \"Whatever.\" Zach approached me while I was scanning the area. \"Where else can we check?\" he asked. I then pointed at another building. He looked at the building that I was pointing at, raising a brow. \"Wolfgang's Music Shop?\" he questioned. \"Do you think that they are in there?\" he said. \"I'm not sure...\" I replied truthfully. \"But, it's better to check then rather not to, right?\" \"...I see your point,\" he responded, but didn't seem too convinced that the girls are in there. All three of us walked towards the building. I grabbed the doorknob and opened it, and when we entered inside, a blast of heavy metal music stung our ears. \"Oh my, God!\" I declared, pressing my hands on my ears. \"Someone needs to turn that down!\" \"What?!\" both boys cried out. \"Someone needs to turn that down!\" I shouted in repeat, the music going over top of my voice. \"What?!\" they cried again, obviously still not understanding what I was saying. \"I said...\" I took a deep breath in. \"...that someone NEEDS TO TURN THAT DOWN!\" I screeched on top of my lungs. Champ pointed at the speakers that are hung up on each corner, indicating where the music is coming from. \"We still can't hear you, Stine!\" he answered, flinching at the loud music. \"Someone needs to turn that down!\" he hollered. \"That's what I said!\" I yelled. \"What?!\" he exclaimed, still not able to hear me clearly. \"Grrr...!\" I strained, getting fed up by the loud music. I whipped my head around, seeing a Horror over at a counter, going through some music albums. I stomped over to him. \"Turn that down!\" I ordered him. Of course, he didn't hear me, either. Just moving his head up and down at the music, with a radio that is right next to him since that's where the awful sound is coming from that was plugged to the wall, the music transporting over to the speakers. Getting more fed up by the second, I yelled again. \"Turn that down!\" Again, he didn't hear me. My face began to turn red again with frustration and anger. Taking another deep breath in, I tried one last time. \"Turn that DOWN!\" Using my full volume voice, mixing in with another screech, the Horror dropped the albums on the counter and shut the music off, and the sound died off. \"Finally...\" I dropped my hands to my sides. \"Oh, thank God,\" Champ relieved, putting his hands back down on his sides with Zach doing the same thing. \"I was afraid that I will end up deaf, were you?\" he said, turning to Zach. \"Yeah...\" he responded, recovering from the loud music once it's been shut off. \"...just a little...\" \"It's a good thing, too,\" Champ stated. \"Because if I was deaf, I had to learn sign language just like Helen Keller.\" \"Dude, she was deaf and blind,\" Zach corrected him. \"And when did you learn that?\" he then asked. \"...History class,\" he said kind of mumbly. \"It's the only history story that I remember...\" \"Uh huh...\" Zach rolled his eyes and I saw him come up to the counter right next to me, with Champ on the other side. I looked at the Horror who is now straightening out the albums on the counter that had scattered when he dropped them in surprise from my screeching volume of voice. But, before I had a chance to speak, he spoke first. \"Are you here to buy moon-themed songs on CDs and albums from the best rock group ever?\" he exclaimed, grinning. \"What rock group?\" Zach inquired. \"Howie And The Howlers,\" the Horror said. He pointed at all the CD's that are behind him and all around the shop. \"We have all of their howl records you can get,\" he told us. \"And this week, new ones will be coming in,\" he broadcasted, his grin growing wider. \"So...are you gonna buy some CDs and albums?\" he asked. \"You can even have ten CDs or albums for free, if your willing to do that,\" he offered. \"Nope,\" I declined, \"we're only here to see if the girls came by,\" I told him in a serious manner. \"Uh...well... they didn't come by here...\" The Horror put the stacked CDs to the side. \"But, if they do come here and asked me, I'll tell them that you dropped by,\" he said. \"Alright,\" I returned causally. I was still acting like we were not searching for the book during this so called 'challenge' that the Invisible Boy came up with until Hazel told us the truth about his scheme that he's about to do. \"Thank you,\" I thanked, still be causal as I can. \"Let's get going, boys.\" With that said, the two followed me out the door and we walked away from that building. \"Okay...\" I sighed. \"So, they were not in there,\" I confirmed with a shake of my head. \"Let's check in there?\" Champ said, the words sounding like a question. \"Where?\" I responded. He pointed. \"There.\" I looked to see where he was pointing at, seeing another building not too far from us. \"Over The Moon Souvenirs.\" After I read the sign, I nodded. \"The girls maybe in there.\" \"Maybe?\" Zach echoed. \"Hey, I might be right,\" I replied. \"Might?\" he echoed again. \"Okay, I could be wrong,\" I changed my wordings. \"Besides, how will we know if we don't check?\" I said, bringing up a good point. \"...I guess you're right...\" Zach rubbed the back of his head in a doubtful way. \"However...I don't believe that the girls went in there...\" We walked towards the building, then entered inside. There we saw silver bullet-key chains, wolf cub dolls, miniature Werewolf Village play sets, jars of authentic werewolf drool, and wolf tooth necklaces all over the store. Champ walked over to the silver bullet-key chains and took one off the hook. \"What are you doing?\" I asked him. \"Put that back,\" I told him. \"Okay...\" he obeyed, putting the key chain back on the hook. \"I just want to protect myself in case any werewolf comes after me...or us...\" \"Well, they won't, okay?\" I replied. \"But, I just-\" \"Shut up!\" I snapped at him. \"I'm sorry... I mean... shut up,\" I said, changing my harsh voice into a polite one. \"Alright...\" I looked around the shop. \"I see no sign of the girls in here, so let's go check somewhere-\" \"Welcome to Over The Moon Souvenirs !\" Me and Zach jumped while Champ let out a girl-like scream and turned to see a Horror behind us. \"Welcome to Over The Moon Souvenirs !\" he repeated his greeting. \"Are you here to buy anything? We have-\" \"Were two girls here?\" Zach interrupted him. \"No...\" The Horror shook his head. \"...they didn't drop by here,\" he answered. Zach looked at me. \"They're not here,\" he reported. \"Gee... I didn't know that,\" I responded sarcastically. \"...sorry...\" I sighed. \"It's fine…\" I looked up at the Horror since all of them are pretty big. \"We'll be going...\" I turned and all three of us head out the door, walking out of the building. \"Well, they were definitely not in there ,\" I stated obviously since the girls were not in that building. \"Ugh...!\" I let out a strained groan, allowing my hand to slide over my face. \"Where can they be...?\" I wondered, looking at the other buildings like Moment Of Paws and another one called Fur Sure! \"They can't be in those buildings...\" I thought out loud. \"Hmm...\" Still looking around, my eyes widen when a building came into view. \"Oh no...\" I breathed with uneasiness as I kept my eyes locked on the building. \"Please, don't think that the girls went in there...\" I talked myself, fearing the worse, my pulse rate going up, beginning to panic just a bit. \"But...\" It took me a second to say the words since they were caught in my throat that I had to force them out as best as I could. \"...what if they were transformed... Into werewolves...?\" The thought of that stayed in my mind, not going away. \"Huh?\" Zach and Champ questioned in usion. \"The girls...\" I explained. \"They might of went...\" I pointed at the building. \"...in there,\" I finished. Zach glanced at the building. \"Do you think that they went in there...?\" he said. \"The building with the sign that says Make Me Howl ?\" \"I believe so...\" I replied. \"For some reason... that building is telling me that something bad happened to those girls...\" \"Like what...?\" Champ seemed to get that same uneasiness feeling just like I am. \"Why did you say that they turned...\" He gulped. \"...into werewolves?\" he asked with frightful look on his face. \"I'm gonna run!\" He was about to do so, when I grabbed his shirt collar again. \"Don't you start,\" I seethed, gripping the fabric of his shirt. \"Don't you start running away, kid,\" I warned through gritted teeth. I let go of him. \"Don't run off,\" I repeated. \"Come on,\" I urged them immediately, not wanting to waste anytime. We began running to the building, entering inside. \"Girls! Girls!\" I shouted frantically. \"Girls!\" I continue to shout throughout the inside of the building, my panic state starting to rise up. \"Hannah? Hazel? Sweethearts?\" Wait... did I just say sweet hearts ? Ignoring that question that came into my mine, I continue to call for them, even searching for them. \"Girls, are you in here?\" I yelled getting more worried by the second. \"I don't think they're here, Stine,\" Zach informed me. \"I don't even hear any howling, either,\" he added. \"Yeah, you're right, Zacharias,\" Champ agreed. \"Besides,\" he asked, \"why is it even called Make Me Howl ?\" Before I can answer, a Horror stepped around the corner. \"My, my, my,\" he grinned, walking towards us. \"Humans that want to turn into werewolves. Now, this is nice surprise.\" \"Where are the girls?\" I demanded him. \"Did-did you do something to them?!\" My protection instinct came onto me. He chuckled a throaty chuckle. \"Oh, they were not here...\" he sneered. \"However, if they do come here... I'll turn them into werewolves. Just like I'm going to do... with you ,\" he declared, lunging at us. \"Run!\" I exclaimed. Bursting out of the door, we ran as far from that building, getting away from there. \"Hey!\" the Horror yelled in a loud, booming voice. \"Come back here, right NOW! \" he ordered. Not a chance, I thought. Once we reached far from that place and close to sign of Werewolf Village , we stopped. \"Okay,\" Champ panted, \"that is the last time I'll run that fast,\" he decided, leaning on the sign, putting his hand on it, which is made out of wood just like the other signs. \"Ow!\" he screamed, jerking his hand off the sign. \"I think I got a splinter…\" He looked at his hand. \"Oh… wait...just a scratch,\" he informed us. \"Really, dude?\" Zach replied nothingless, not caring about his best friend's injury. \"Hey!\" He held his hands up. \"It felt like a splinter, okay?\" he responded in defense. He looked over at me. \"Where should we check now?\" he asked, picking at the scratch which is a little red and looks sore. \"Don't pick at it, or it'll hurt even more,\" I told him. \"When we get this over with, and once we get to our homes, put a bandaid on it with ointment,\" I advised, taking off my glasses and cleaned them with my shirt. I then placed them back on my face. \"Besides,\" I added, once I got them on right, \"I bet I know where the girls are at…\" Zach crossed his arms. \"Oh, really?\" he smirked, thinking that I am nuts or something. \"Then where can they be?\" \"Don't worry,\" I assured both the boys in a mysterious tone of voice that I sometimes use. \"I just know where they're at… Trust me. I looked at the boys and they gave me a 'are you serious' look. I couldn't help but put on a smile when I believed that I might figure out where the girls went to.[Chapter 15] Chapter 14: The Stagger Inn Hotel Stine \"Where can they be?\" Zach repeated his question, his arms still crossed over his chest. \"And I hope you're not wrong this time,\" he said, thinking that I made a mistake of where the girls are at, as if he didn't trust me. \"Zach, I'm sure I figured out where they went to,\" I assured him. Champ opened his mouth to say something, but I cut him off. \"Don't say ' are we going to one of the other scary areas like Fever Swamp' ,\" I mimicked the awkward teen's voice, mocking him. \"Hey!\" Champ protested, feeling a bit offended. \"That's not what I was going to ask,\" he responded, angrily. \"Alright…\" I said. \"What are you going to say?\" I asked him with a raised brow, waiting for what he's gonna say. \"Are we going to Black Lagoon Water Park ?\" he replied nervously and timidly. I clenched my teeth together. \"Really, kid?\" I started, getting irritated already for questioning me on that. \"Champion, we're not going to that place because like I stated, I might of figured out where the girls are at,\" I explained to him. Zach gave me a disbelief look. \"Yeah, right,\" he scoffed, being very skeptical about it. \"Stine, we almost checked every area, how can you possibly know?\" \"I said that I might know where they can be,\" I corrected. \"Sure…\" He rolled his eyes, still not believing a word that I was saying. \"I'm serious,\" I protested in all seriousness. Zach just rolled his eyes again, almost smirking at me. It only disappeared when I gave him the look , the one that I always give to Hannah ever since she came around to my existence. \"If you won't believe me, then I just have to take you there.\" \"Alright,\" he shrugged. \"Just lead the way,\" he said, uncrossing his arms and letting them drop to his sides. \"I'm not sure to believe you or not, but… go on ahead. I really need to see if the girls are okay. Both of them.\" I sighed. \"...so do I.\" And with that, I led the boys down Horrorland. Champ stayed in between me and Zach like we were shields or something, and yelped when he heard something. \"It's just an owl. Are you afraid of owls?\" I questioned him. It took a minute for him to answer. \"...yes…\" he nodded, feeling embarrassed. \"Like I mentioned a few nights ago...I'm afraid of everything,\" he repeated during that one night. \"And I'm not good at anything either… my parents are even thinking about kicking me out of their home,\" he added in a gloomy mood. \"I guess they don't want a coward who's always screaming when something 'scary' happens,\" he then muttered, as if he hated his own parents. \"I mean, they're good at everything. My mom was an all-American sprinter and a two-time world debate champion, and my dad won a bronze medal in the '92 Olympics.\" He kicked a rock out of his way, watching it bounce of one of the snack booths. \"Why can't I be as good as them?\" I can tell by his face that he actually hated himself. \"If they kick me out… I have to find somewhere else to live. Only here's the problem.\" Another kick of a rock, this time sailing to one of the Horror's that is sweeping up the pavement. I was expecting the rock to hit the monster, except it landed on the ground and the Horror swept it up like it was nothing. \"I have nowhere to go,\" Champ continued his talking. \"I can't visit my grandma anymore nor live with her because she lives in Pasadena after reading that one Goosebumps book about the Abominable Snowman monster which almost killed us if Hazel hadn't trapped it back in the manuscript that it got out of,\" he fumed, having me in shock to see a different side of him. \"And I can't live with my aunt and uncle because they have dogs, and I don't know what to do with my life!\" he yelled, this time picking up a rock and throwing it as far as he can. After doing so, I saw a tear forming at the corner of his eye. \"I shouldn't be around anymore… and I shouldn't have a girlfriend anyway,\" he cracked, his voice breaking. \"I'm not good at anything… I never liked myself and I hide it all the time. I'm an awful son to my own parents… my own damn parents.\" The tear even rolled down his cheek. \"Don't think of yourself that way. The best way to feel good about yourself… is to be you ,\" I advised, pointing at him. \"Who cares what your parents think of you. And if they do end up kicking you out the house...I'm sure they're places like you to live at. And,\" I informed, \"you should never say that you never wanted to be around anymore or say that you can't have a girlfriend because you're not strong or in good shape just like Zach Cooper here.\" I flicked a thumb to my student, giving Champ a bright grin. \"Besides, Taylor does like you and is happy for what you did for her during that monster invasion at the high school ever since her ex-boyfriend decided to leave her behind when that werewolf almost attacked her.\" I chuckled a little. \"By using silver fillings,\" I completed, my grin growing a bit wider. That angry look got replaced with a smile after I gave him that lesson on just being himself. \"You're right, Stine,\" he agreed with a nod of his head. \"I just wanted my parents to understand on what I'm going through these years,\" he wished, his smiling fading off his face. \"You know what I believe about your parents?\" I waited for him to answer, but he only shrugged his shoulders. \"I believe that they need to listen to you if you have any problems,\" I told him. \"However,\" I added, \"if they refuse to… then don't worry about it. And if they kick you out of the house, like I said there are other places in Madison to live at.\" \"Thanks,\" he smiled again. \"I'll do my best to get my parents to understand and to explain that I don't need to be like them. Heck, my dad thinks girls like athletic guys like Zach here,\" he pointed at his best friend. \"Only…\" He scoffed. \"...what does he know about girls… He only wanted a girl that is athletic as he is, so that's why he married my mom before I came into the picture.\" \"Were you an ugly baby, Champ?\" Zach teased, giving him a smug smile. \"Because my aunt Lorraine always tells that I was an ugly baby and that I look like Baby Gollum when in truth is that I was looking at a picture of me and my dad… Before he passed away.\" \"I was not an ugly infant, Zacharias,\" Champ defended himself, feeling very offended. Zach laughed. \"I'm kidding, dude.\" He lightly punch his shoulder. \"But, seriously I was an ugly baby,\" he stated in that serious tone of voice. Champ rubbed his shoulder, not paying attention. \"I think you bruised my shoulder…\" he spoke. \"I didn't punch you that hard,\" Zach said. \"Yeah…\" Champ shrugged. \"I'm being a little dramatic…\" He stopped rubbing his shoulder and looked at me. \"So...where are we going?\" he asked. \"You'll see,\" I simply answered, my eyes straight ahead. \"And no, it's not somewhere scary.\" I then thought about it. \"Well, it might be scary,\" I told him, just to give him a heads up warning in case the place we're going is scary or not. \"U-Uh… okay,\" he stammered, his nervousness coming back. \"Dude…\" Zach did a little eye roll. \"I bet this place isn't down right terrifying like those Goosebumps monsters,\" he reassured him. \"Don't ever say that G word, man,\" Champ responded back. \"What word? Goosebumps?\" he mentioned again. \"Don't say that word!\" Champ cried out. \"Hey, I'm going to crack your heads together so you two can stop arguing,\" I threatened a bit. \"Sorry…\" the awkward teen apologized. \"I'm just really hungry and tired, that I wanted to lay on the ground and just sleep.\" \"So am I…\" Zach rubbed his eyes, letting out a yawn. \"I hope my mom doesn't freak out since I already gave her a heads up since I'm helping you guys stop the Invisible Boy. And I want to get everything in that book if we ever find it,\" he informed me. \"Don't worry,\" I assured him. \"We'll get the book, but first we have to see if the girls are at this one place that came into my mind,\" I reminded him. \"Although, I'm beginning to think that they got kidnapped…\" That thought stayed in my mind until Champ said something that I told him just a few minutes ago. \"Don't think like that,\" he repeated my words that I gave him, only slightly different. \"I bet the girls are fine.\" I just answered by nodding my head slowly. I want the girls to be okay, I hoped. Then, Champ said something else. \"I feel like we're being… watched,\" he reported to us, and when I looked at him, he felt very uneasy. He glanced over at a bush. \"I'm not even exaggerating,\" he stated. He gasped. \"The bush just moved!\" \"It's just the wind, dude,\" Zach told him. \"It moved,\" Champ swore, pointing at it. \"And we're being watched…\" He was about to put his finger in his mouth when I slapped it. \"Hey-!\" he yelped, jerking his hand away. \"Don't put your finger in your mouth!\" I somewhat said loudly. \"It's gross and you have no idea what you were touching. This place maybe filled with stuff you don't want to think about,\" I warned him. He thought about what I said to him. \"Oh…\" he said slowly. \"Okay, once I get home, I'm gonna wash my hands,\" he decided in a smart way. \"Great idea,\" I agreed. We continued walking until I stopped and the boys bumped me from behind. I gave them a quick glare since they weren't watching where they were going. \"We're here, you two,\" I announced. Zach gave me a confused look. \"Where?\" he questioned. I pointed. \"There.\" Both boys turned and saw a building and when they read the sign, their jaws dropped to the floor. The Stagger Inn Hotel written in black bold letters just like the signs at each park section in Horrorland on a large building, bigger than the other ones, above the entrance doors. \"You gotta be kidding me...\" was all Champ could say, breaking the long silence which was pretty creepy. \"I wish I was, but I'm not. Let's go and look for them in here,\" I ushered them, not wanting to stand here and stare at the building. \"Here Zach.\" I handed Hazel's backpack. \"You can carry this, it's starting to hurt my shoulder a little.\" \"Sure.\" Taking her backpack, he put both straps on. \"It's not that heavy, but I can handle it.\" Making sure it's on him, all three of us entered the building. \"Are you here to stay for the night?\" a Horror asked at the front desk. \"Uh... no, we just wanted to see what it looks like,\" I fibbed. The Horror nodded and went back to his work. As we were looking for the girls, I couldn't help but wonder if they knew that we are here. Walking around the hotel is pretty creepy to be honest. I mean, there's cobwebs in every corner every time we turn, and the floor creaked with each step that we made that I thought we're going to wake up the others, only for me to forget that me and the kids are the only ones here at this amusement park, besides the monsters. Even that annoying one that I wish I never created in the first place. Ugh, thinking about him makes me want to get... angry... He's worse than Slappy. Slappy... For some reason...I'm already miss him... Wait, what are you thinking, Stine? Missing your alter-ego of you? The one who tried to hurt Hazel?! What the hell is wrong with you?! He even bit her as well! Don't you dare start thinking about that wooden dummy. Just stop it right now, I ordered myself. However... the thought of him made me feel...sorry for what I did... \"Is something wrong, Stine?\" Zach broke the silence, having me jump out of my thoughts. \"Huh?\" I questioned, looking towards him. \"Is something wrong?\" he repeated. \"You seem to be...lost in your thoughts. Are you thinking about the girls?\" he asked me, waiting for my answer as he shoved his hands into his pants pockets. \"U-Uh...um...\" I stuttered, taking my glasses off and cleaning them off with my shirt. \"Y-Yeah...that's what I was thinking,\" I lied, even though it was true. But, the other part of me wanted to tell them that I also miss that one monster... And if I do, they'll freak out or get mad at me. Maybe...maybe someday I'll talk to that wooden demon... Just... not tonight. I put my glasses back on my face once I got the dusty particles off the lenses. \"Let's check the second floor,\" I suggested. \"I hope we don't see any spiders,\" Champ spoke with a hint of fear. \"Guys, if you see any spiders, let me know,\" he advised us. \"I don't want to run into them or else they'll bite me.\" \"When were you afraid of spiders? Because most people like them...\" Zach's voice trailed away when his best friend gave him a sharp look. \"Oh... I see,\" he understood, taking out one of his hands out of his of right pocket, rubbing the back of his neck. \"You were a kid when it happened...\" \"Don't apologize, friend,\" Champ grinned, patting Zach's shoulder. \"I know you didn't mean to ask me. Now when I think about it... What are you afraid of?\" \"Nothing,\" he answered quickly, shoving his hand back into his pocket. \"I'm...not afraid of anything, Champ.\" Both of us gave him a disbelief look. \"What...?\" he questioned. \"Don't look at me like that,\" he protested. \"Really, I'm not,\" he continued to try to lie to us, only it doesn't seem to be working. \"Okay,\" he gave up. \"I'm...afraid of losing my mom...ever since my dad died last year.\" \"How did he die?\" \"Champ, that's not a nice question to ask,\" I scolded him. But, Zach doesn't seem to mind as he let out two words. \"Car accident.\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"You know...back in New York...whenever mom gets in the car to go somewhere...I always get a bad feeling... But...nothing ever bad happened to her...\" He sighed. \"That's the main reason that I wanted to move to a different state. Just living in New York reminds of him.\" I wanted to say something, so I did. \"Did you know I actually...had a wife?\" \"I thought you were single before you started dating my aunt,\" Zach replied confused. \"Since when were you married?\" \" Was married,\" I corrected him in a teacher like voice that I use on students at each class that I get. \"I was married,\" I repeated. \"A long time ago after college,\" I began to tell my story, \"I always felt alone... No girl was interested in me except for one. At first I thought she was one of those bullies that picked on me because of my allergies, but no, she actually likes me. Not just to be friends...but be in a relationship with me. Of course, I agreed. I was living by myself at the time and I let her move in with me when she was still my girlfriend 'Thanks for letting me live here, Robert.' She looked around my living room, setting down the last of boxes of her things, taken aback by the decor of the inside of my house. She had beaming smile on her face as she looked around the living room, brushing back her hair on her left shoulder. 'And I love the way it looks, too. Just like I love you.' She giggled when she saw my face glowed pink. 'You're blushing.' 'I-I am?' I couldn't help but stutter and she laughed, nodding her head. 'Yes, Robert, your face is turning that color every time you look at me.' 'And you're doing the same thing.' She laughed, picking up her boxes off the floor. 'I'm just going to put these upstairs in our bedroom.' She was about to go up the steps when I stopped her, and held out my arms. 'I'll take those up.' Smiling at my offer, she handed me the boxes. I almost dropped them, feeling the weight of the boxes. 'Whoa...! What did you put in these boxes, sweetheart?' 'Nancy Drew and Sweet Valley High and Stephen King books.' I grimaced when she mention that last author's name since I hate that guy. Besides, I'm going to be a much better writer than him. Of course, my girlfriend saw my expression. 'Is there something wrong about my favorite books...?' I quickly changed the expression on my face when I gave her my answer. 'No, no. Nancy Drew and Sweet Valley High books are fine.. But, Steve King... not so much. Besides, I'm going to write my own book series someday.' 'Oh really? I didn't know you like to write. You can even make money from doing that. What are you going to call your series?' 'I'm not sure...but I want to write stories with frights and twists and turns to get back at my bullies that keep throwing rocks at my windows and keep calling me names.' 'Robert...' She had a frown on her face. 'Why would you think that'll work?' 'Because I know.' She shook her head. 'You know, Robert, you should try to ignore them or ask them to stop.' I scoffed. 'That won't work, sweetheart.' She didn't reply as I went up the steps and stopped midway. 'I'll be right back and we can have dinner. I'm thinking about having take-out tonight. Is Chinese food okay with you?' 'My favorite.' I smiled and continued up the steps to our room. By the time I entered the bedroom, I went over to the empty bookcase, pulling out one book at a time, setting them on the shelves as carefully as I can, wanting to line them up straight. Once, I got the Nancy Drew and Sweet Valley High books on the shelves, I reached down and grabbed the first Stephen King book that I took out of the box. I made a face at the title of the book. The Shining . What a lame title name for a horrible horror book. Actually, all of them suck in my own opinion. After I finished putting the books on the shelves on the bookcase, I set the boxes aside and went back downstairs in the living room to see my girlfriend sitting on the couch, going through the channels that are on the TV. I can tell by her face that there's nothing good on during this evening, which I understand. 'Wanna watch a movie?' She smiled. 'Sure, how about horror?' I smiled back. 'Alright, what horror movie do you want to watch?' 'Well, what do you have?' I went over to where I have my DVDs and pulled out a few horror movies out of the shelves. 'How about this one? The Silence Of The Lambs?' 'No.' 'Psycho?' 'Nah.' 'The Texas Saw Chain Massacre?' 'Mm... no.' I set that one down, picking up another one. 'Motel Hell? This one's a good movie.' 'Nope.' 'Hmm...' I picked up another one. 'Dead Silence?' 'Um, no.' 'The Sixth Sense?' 'That's not a scary movie. That's more of a suspense thriller.' 'Oh...okay. How about Saw? I got all of them.' 'Nuh-uh.' 'Friday The Thirteenth?' 'No.' 'The Exorcist?' 'No.' 'A Nightmare On Elm Street?' 'Uh...no.' 'What about The Blair Witch Project?' 'That's a dumb movie, Robert.' I laughed, agreeing with her. 'Yeah, it is. Don't know why I have it, though.' She laughed, too. 'What else do you got, dear?' 'I got Jaws, Alien, Carrie, Dracula, Frankenstein and Bride Of Frankenstein, Night Of The Living Dead, Poltergeist, Halloween...' However, she just shook her head no. 'I have no idea what you want to watch...' 'That's okay, I can get one of my favorite horror movies that are in the boxes that I took upstairs before I went to grab the last ones.' 'Alright. I'll order the food as you do that.' 'Great.' She gave me a kiss and proceeded up the stairs to our room to grab the movie that we can both watch. And after standing there for a few seconds, I went over to my phone and called the Chinese restaurant that does take-out. After I ordered the food, the guy said it'll be here in less than thirty minutes and said it'll cost twenty dollars. Not bad. I hung up when I saw my love one come down the stairs. 'So, what movie do you got for us to watch?' 'IT.' 'IT?' 'Yeah, IT. This movie is one of my favorites. It's based on the book that Stephen King wrote.' 'Oh...' 'What...? Don't you want to watch it?' 'Well...um...' 'Please, Robert? For your soon-to-be-wife?' 'We're not engaged. Yet. But, yeah we'll watch it.' 'Great.' She went over to the DVD player right after she switched the channel so she can set the movie up. Not wanting to stand around doing nothing, I made my way to the kitchen. 'I'm going to make tea. Do you want any?' 'Sure. Can you make it mint tea?' 'Of course.' As I got into the kitchen, I filled up the teapot with hot water to make it boil faster on the stove. And while I waited for it to boil, I got out two packets of mint tea, I kept on thinking about the surprise that I have for her next week when she mentioned 'soon-to-be-wife'. By the time the water is boiling, I got out two cups, a spoon, and sugar. I poured hot water in each cup. I then dipped the tea packets in the water, changing the color of it before adding sugar to make it sweet, stirring it with the spoon. I then heard the doorbell ring. 'I got it.' I heard my girlfriend go over to the front door and I heard a male voice. 'Here you go, ma'am, that'll be twenty dollars, please.' 'Alright, here you go.' 'Thanks and have a nice evening.' 'You too.' She shut the door and set the food on the coffee table. I went into the living room as she took out the cartons of that had the food inside along with chopsticks. 'You know how to use chopsticks?' She nodded. 'Yep, do you?' 'Yep.' 'Cool, and I already got the movie playing.' Great, I thought sarcastically even though I wanted to say it out loud. While we watched the movie and at our meal, I felt her look at me. 'Robert?' 'Yeah?' 'How comes you don't like Steve King?' 'I just don't. But, like I said, I'm going to make up my own series. I just can't think of the name right now.' 'Don't worry, it'll come to you.' As the next week came by, I was taking her to the park to get ready to surprise her. And she had no idea what it is. However, thoughts ran through my head like: What if she doesn't like it and says no? What if she has a new boyfriend? And most importantly, does she really like me? The questions spun around in my head by the time we got to our favorite tree that is covered in pink flowers, with lots of pedals littering the ground around us. 'Why are we here?' I smiled at her question, putting my hand in my right pocket and pulled something out. It was a black velvet box. At first she was a bit confused, then I saw her reaction at I got down on one knee, opening the box that contains a diamond ring… \"When did you lose your wife?\" Champ interrupted my story, making me pause and cast a sharp glare at him. \"I'll tell you unless you keep your mouth shut so I can finish my story,\" I slightly snapped at the kid. My glare went away. \"Anyway, I opened the box that has the diamond ring... 'Sweetheart, ever since we started dating, I knew you were the one. I wasn't sure when to bring it up but... Will you marry me?' Her eyes widen and she tried to hide the joyful tears, only to fail as one slipped down her face. And it only took her a second for her to answer to my proposal. 'Yes... Yes, I will.' So... I proposed her and we had a wonderful wedding the next year. Things were doing fine then, and we even brought up of having children of our own a couple of times. Only...we were too busy. It was no big deal, anyway. But...one day...when I got back from my errands, I walked into the house to see another guy touching my wife... Of course, being the husband that I am, I dropped the bags and shoved him away from her. 'Don't you touch her!' The guy staggered back with a shock look on his face when I screamed at him. 'Robert, no wait-' My wife tried to intervene, but I kept blowing my fume at this other guy. 'Who are you?! What are you doing in my house?! Get out, NOW!' 'Robert! Stop it!' My wife cried out, getting between us. She looked at the other guy. 'It's alright, honey.' Honey?! Did she really just say that word to that guy?! '...What...did...you...call...him?' She was surprise when I gave her angry eyes, the ones that I only use on my bullies and people that I hate. 'Huh...? I-I didn't call him anything, Rob-' 'Don't you lie to me! I heard what you call this jackass!' 'Robert!' The guy went over to the front door, grabbing the knob. 'I'm...I'm going to go...' 'Good, now get out of the house and stay away from my love one...' He looked over at her, giving her a small wave. 'I'll see you next week, sweetie.' She just waved goodbye when she saw a glare on my face after the guy walked out the door, closing it behind him. She opened her mouth to say something, but I talked instead in a not so happy way that I always use on her. 'When? When did this happen?! Why did you call him 'honey' and did he call you 'sweetie'?!' 'Robert, please listen... Listen, please. I...I wasn't sure how to tell you this but...before we got married, I...liked someone else...' 'WHAT?!' I let out a rage, balling my hands into fists. 'YOU LIKED SOMEONE ELSE?! BEFORE WE EVEN GOT MARRIED?! YOU LIED TO ME WHEN YOU SAID 'YES'?! YOU PRETENDED TO LIKE ME?!' 'Sweetiepie, please calm down...' But, the rage that I was having didn't leave me when she tried to calm me down and my face turned a bright, angry red and I can feel it. 'Sweetie...' 'Don't you DARE call me that since you lied to me! What the hell was wrong with you keeping that damn secret?! Huh?! Why is that?! What, am not good enough for you?!' She backed away from me getting very frightened at the different side of me. She knew that I had anger problems every now and then. 'ANSWER ME! TELL ME THE TRUTH!' I demanded her to speak. She held her head down and started sniffling. 'Yes...it's true... I wanted to tell you but...I was afraid that you'll get mad at me...' 'I AM mad you! Why would you do this to me?! I thought you were the one!' She lifted her head and gave me a tearful glare that I never saw from her for the first time of my life. She wiped the tears away, only for more to leak out of her eyes. She then spoke in a broken voice. 'I guess I'm not... In fact, I did pretended to like you because I only felt bad that you were always alone. I thought doing that will make you happy...and now...since you saw my new boyfriend...I guess that secret is over...' My eyes widen before turning back into angry ones. I pointed at the front door. 'Get out...' 'What?' 'Get out of MY house! Pack up your things and call your BOYFRIEND to come and pick you up!' She wiped the water out of her eyes and replied back at my demanding request. '...fine...I will...' A few hours later after packing up her belongings, her boyfriend came and helped her with the boxes. After, my lying wife took off her wedding ring and threw at me as it hit me on the nose, dropping into my hand and I was hit by the madness that she sent me. 'Goodbye... Robert.' I didn't say goodbye back, considering that she is now my ex wife. So, after getting everything in her boyfriend's van, they both got in and drove off my driveway with the ring still in my hand. I went into the kitchen, throwing it in the trash along with mine. But, my anger didn't go away. I was so angry that I wanted to grab something and break it. Going over to one of the cabinets, I flung it open and pulled out a large, white glass bowl. I raised it up over my head, ready to smash it, only for my arms to weaken when tears started forcing out of my eyes. I set the bowl back in the cabinet and slammed the door shut that it made the house shake. I can't believed I was lied to! I just cannot believe that is actually happened... And as the years went on, my allergies that I still have to this day before I started taken medication, the bullies kept throwing rocks and called me names, like 'loser', 'lonely man', and other anything else that you can think of as I lived in my house in Columbus, Ohio. No friends... no one... And it's not just because of the bullies that I had to make my own friends with the special typewriter... It was because I very lonely... and when I finished my final Goosebumps book ever, I decided to moved to Madison, Delaware with my daughter that I created six years ago and gave the typewriter to the high school. In fact, it started with me and her in the state that I grew up in, then Mississippi, New York, Maine, and other states such as Chicago, which is when the monsters got out of the books by that one 'person' who freed them since he wanted revenge on me, only for this one girl to stop him at the Town Centre Galleria in the library. And so, after that me and Hannah move to Madison, Delaware.\" I looked at the boys and they both have confused faces. \"What?\" I questioned. \"You want me to retell the story so you can understand it better?\" I asked thinking that was the case. Zach shook his head. \"No. No, the one where your ex wife lied to you was fine, but...someone helped you stop this 'one person'? Who was he?\" he said. I clenched my teeth together and answered with one word. \"Slappy.\" \"Slappy?!\" Champ reacted in shock. \"He was out of the manuscript before?! I thought when we saw him a few nights ago was when he got out the first time! Why didn't we know-\" \"Shut up,\" I hissed, covering the kid's mouth. \"It was six years ago,\" I explained. \"Plus, I don't remember the girl's name or her older brother's name, either. She was twelve while her brother is about sixteen or seventeen years old. However...\" \"However...\" Zach repeated when my voice trailed off. Not wanting to tell them just yet, I stuttered. \"Uh, um... nothing. All I wanted to say is, uh, that I'm worried about the girls.\" No way that I'll tell them that I miss...Slappy. With a sigh, I stopped at the staircase, grabbing the railing and I led the way to the second floor of the hotel. The stairs let out a groan with each step that we took, which made Champ yelp. As usual. \"Is there anything you're not afraid of?\" I asked him, continuing our up the steps. \"Um…\" he replied, thinking about the question. \"...I'm not sure...\" He let out another startle yelp when we heard a loud creak sound on one of the steps that he, well, stepped on. \"I don't like this hotel,\" he shivered. \"It's just a hotel, dude,\" Zach told him as if he didn't care about the noises. \"Besides, I bet you've been to hotels before.\" \"Did not,\" Champ retorted back. \"I never wanted to go places because I'm afraid of flying in airplanes,\" he explained. I glanced at them. \"Do you want me to sew your mouths shut? Because I can.\" Of course, they shook their heads. \"Good, you're arguing is giving me a headache. Even when I'm starving.\" \"Can we stop and have a-\" \"Not yet, Champion,\" I cut him off. \"When we find the girls in this hotel we'll have a snack break,\" I told him. He grumbled. \"Fine,\" he responded. By the time we made it up the second floor, we walked down another hallway. \"Hannah? Hazel?\" I called out their names. \"Hannah? Hazel? Are you two up here?\" No answer. \"Girls, are you here in the sec-\" Loud spitting came from behind me. I turned to see Champ who had stepped through a cobweb. \"Not again,\" he exclaimed, pulling the cobweb pieces out of mouth. \"Ew, it's on tongue,\" he panicked. \"I can still taste it. Quick, give me a snack,\" he urged Zach, almost begging to have food. \"Stine says that we have to find the girls first then take a snack break, so deal with it, man,\" Zach said, not giving in, shifting Hazel's backpack. \"And don't ask if you can carry this since you're weak,\" he added. \"No offense, by the way.\" \"I'm not that weak,\" Champ responded. \"Knock it off, you two,\" I exclaimed, not wanting to hear it or else my headache is gonna get worse. So with that, we continued to look for the girls, hoping that they are in this hotel just like I thought. But... what if I'm wrong? Hazel \"Huh?\" Hannah questioned, almost as if she didn't understand what I had just told her of where Stine and boys can be. \"The Stagger Inn Hotel ,\" I repeated. She was about to say something, but I just started running and I heard ran behind me, our shoes slapping the pavement. I looked around, until I spotted it. \"There it is,\" I pointed, not caring if I was out of breath from running all the way here. The Stagger Inn Hotel is written in bold letters just like other hotels that you see when you go on vacation. I gestured Hannah to follow me and she did. \"Hazel...\" she spoke. \"Are you even sure that my dad and the boys are in here...?\" I can tell by her voice that she was very skeptical about this building. \"Of course I am,\" I convinced her, grabbing the handle of the door, pulling it open, and was surprised to see that it opened easily due to the large size of it, since the hotel is more castle like then a regular ol' building. \"I don't know, but my mind told me that they're in here somewhere...\" I stepped in, the inside smelling like moth balls. I sneeze when some dust got into my nose. \"Bless you,\" Hannah said. \"Thanks,\" I replied. I looked around and spotted a desk with a Horror going through some hotel room keys. \"Excuse me?\" I walked over to him in a causal manner. He looked up when he saw me. \"Hello,\" he greeted with a grin. \"Welcome to the Stagger Inn Hotel . Come in and stay as long as you like,\" he invited in a throaty growl just like the other Horrors have. Well, you know me, I don't smile anymore, so I just gave him a frown and solemn look that I always carry on my face. \"We're not here to stay,\" I answered, not taking his welcome at all. \"Were three guys here?\" I then asked, drumming my fingers on the desk, waiting for his answer. \"Why yes, miss,\" he replied with a nod. \"The older man just told me that he and two young teenage boys are just checking the place out. I don't blame them, it's a pretty nice hotel in all of Horrorland.\" Yeah... right. I'm guessing all of you Horrors say that. \"They went that way,\" he directed, pointing with his green, fury finger. Hannah nodded. \"Okay.\" She turned to me. \"I trust you, girl. Lead the way,\" she told me. Walking away from the large desk, we began to look for Stine and the boys. Hannah started calling them out. \"Dad? Zach? Champ? Are you guys here?\" There was no answer. \"Guys?\" she called out again. \"Where are you? Hazel told me that you're here and I trust her.\" \"You know, I don't think calling them out will work. Besides, they might be on a different floor. Like the second one,\" I said. \"Come on, let's find the staircase. I don't think the elevators work in this hotel.\" Going over to the steps that I found, I began to climb up them with Hannah right behind me since the stairs made that groaning sound that you most likely hear in very old buildings. While we climbed up the groaning stairs, I couldn't help but to feel... uneasy. Like when you sense a ghost or something. And it's not Hannah since she isn't a ghost anymore. \"Hey, Hannah?\" I spoke, still feeling uneasy. \"Yeah?\" she responded. I stopped for a split second with her almost bumping into me. \"For some reason... we're being watched... I don't know why, but I can just...feel it,\" I told her, getting a bit anxious, not liking the feeling that I'm receiving at all. \"Relax,\" she assured me, \"I'm sure it's just your imagination…\" \"It's not my imagination, Hannah!\" I raised my voice. \"I swear, we're being watched and it's creepy me out,\" I kind of argued. I then lowered my head, letting out a soft sigh. \"I'm sorry…\" I apologized, feeling guilty that I talked to her that way. \"Really, I am. I just want to find the guys, look for that damn book and put everything back…\" \"It's fine,\" Hannah forgave me as we went back to climbing the steps. \"Let's just find everyone and then we'll-\" Suddenly, the lights got knocked out, along with a shrill scream that we both recognized. And it's not Hannah's, since we were both shocked when it happened all of the sudden, and we both knew who is belonged to. Stine Me and boys kept walking down the second floor, searching for the girls when I stopped at my tracks. I don't know why, but I began to have a bad feeling about this hotel, like something annoying is in this building that wanted to do something with the lights. Either that, or my head is going wild. I turned to Zach and Champ. \"Let's go back downstairs,\" I suggested. \"For some reason, something's gonna happen. It can be just me, but... let's go downstairs and-\" And just like I predicted, the lights went out, filling the whole building into total darkness, and a shrill, girly scream came next my ear. \"Ow!\" I cried. \"Champ, that's my eardrum!\" I hollered, rubbing my ear. \"Sorry,\" he said. Once the pain is gone, I tried to see through the darkness, but it's pointless. I can't see anything, not even my own hands. \"Okay, let's just wait here until the lights come on,\" I advised. \"Wait... Just stand here? In the pitch darkness?\" Champ squeaked, his voice all shrill and high. \"Yes, Champion,\" I repeated, \"we'll wait until the lights come on.\" \"I hope they come back on soon. And if they don't, I'll use my-oof.\" I heard Zach bump into something. \"Hey!\" he exclaimed, and even though I couldn't see him, I knew he was on the floor. \"Watch where you're going.\" \"Zach?\" a voice questioned. \"Oh my God!\" Champ declared in panic. \"There's a ghost in this place!\" he screamed, as I heard him running around in the pitch darkness. \"Uh...I'm not a ghost,\" the same voice answered. \"It's me... Hazel...\" \"And Hannah...\" Hazel In the darkness, we decided to carefully to go up the steps after we heard that scream. Once we got to the top, we tried to make our way down the hall, which is impossible since it's so dark in here, when the screaming continued from the same, familiar voice. Then, we heard another one. \"Ow! Champ, that's my eardrum!\" I tilted my head to the side. It sounded like Stine hollering at someone. \"Sorry...\" That other voice sounded like Champ. Me and Hannah followed the voices when we heard Stine say, \"Okay, let's just wait here until the lights come on.\" There was a squeak of fear that replied, \"Wait... Just stand here? In the pitch darkness?\" It was high and shrill, too. \"Yes, Champ,\" Stine's voice lingered, repeating his words with annoyance, \"we'll wait for the lights to come on.\" Then, there was a third voice. \"I hope they come back on soon. And if they don't, I'll use my-oof.\" However, he was cut off when he bumped into one of us, which is me. \"Hey!\" the third voice cried out. \"Watch where you're going,\" he declared almost rudely. I felt offended at first, but I knew he didn't mean it. Besides, if someone did that to me, I'll snap at them, too. But, the third voice sounded someone that us both girls recognized, just like how we quickly figured when we heard the last two voices; Stine and Champ. Anyway, I responded back with a questioning voice in case I'm wrong, which I shouldn't be since I know the third voice belonged to this person. \"Zach?\" \"Oh my God!\" Before Zach could answer, Champ let out a declaring shout. \"There's a ghost in this place!\" I heard him running around in the dark. Really? Does he not recognized my voice? I then answered. \"Uh...I'm not a ghost,\" I mentioned slowly. \"It's me... Hazel...\" \"And Hannah...\" Hannah spoke up as well. \"Hannah...? Hazel...? Are you both alright?\" Stine's voice asked since we couldn't see him. \"Yeah,\" I answered, rubbing my forehead since I bumped into Zach accentenly. \"We're both fine,\" I told him. \"A ghost, a ghost, a ghost, a ghost!\" Champ kept on screaming. \"Not only there's one ghost, but there's two of them. Both named Hazel and Hannah! Oh my God, this hotel is haunted . It's haunted, guys, it's-\" The running of feet stopped, probably in front of us if I'm guessing right. \"Wait...\" he realized all of the sudden. \"Hazel and Hannah? You're the ghosts?\" he said, confusion in his voice. I let out an a expressive sigh. \"No, Champ, we're not ghosts. Especially Hannah since Stine wrote her back into existence,\" I replied. \"Now, I do have a flashlight in my backpack. Can I have it back, Stine?\" I held out my hand. \"Oh, I have it. Stine gave it to me to carry,\" Zach explained. \"Hold on, stay still so I can give it to you. It's so dark.\" It took several tries for him to find my hand. Once I felt the weight of my backpack, I unzipped one of the pockets, feeling around for my flashlight. When I felt the object, I wrapped it around with fingers, pulling it out. Fiddling with the flashlight, I manage to find the button and pressed it. It's a small flashlight with really bright light. Luckily, I was pointing down at the floor so no else won't get blind by it. \"Alright, now we can see,\" I verified, holding the flashlight at a downwards angle. I looked at Stine and the boys. \"Where were you guys?\" I asked them. \"We were going to ask the same thing,\" Stine answered. \"Hannah was suppose to call me when she find you.\" \"Oh...sorry,\" she apologized. \"I was at the Vampire Village when I found her, and one of the vampires smacked my phone out of my hand and it's now broken,\" she explained timidly, expecting her father to yell at her. \"Where's your phone?\" Champ replied. \"Do you have it with you?\" She shook her head. \"No, I left it at that village while me and her-\" She pointed at me. \"-are defending ourselves from blood sucking vampires that turn into bats. Plus, we were almost attacked by other bats from the Bat Barn .\" She looked at her father. \"Sorry...\" she repeated. \"You're not mad at me... are you?\" she said, waiting for Stine explode. Of course, he didn't explode at all. \"No, I'm not,\" he responded. \"I'm just glad that you two are okay,\" he expressed out. \"Can we eat now?\" Champ whined. \"Oh, heh,\" Stine chuckled. \"I did promise the boys that once we find you girls-well, you two actually found us, that we stop and take a snack break. I did gave Champ an apple but he wasted it.\" He gave Champ a firm look. \"It had worms on it from that tunnel we went through,\" he exclaimed, raising his hands. \"How many times do I have to tell you that?\" He had a frustrated look that I never saw on him since he's always a happy person unlike me. \"I don't want to argue with you,\" Stine ignored his question. \"Let's sit down and eat in this...hotel.\" So, that's what we did. We took a break and had some snacks that I packed. Like I told the others, we needed things to survive this creepy park, and food is one of them. By the time we're finished, we made our way out of the hotel with the lights still out, the flashlight being the only light we have. When we stepped outside of the castle-like building, I turned it off since there's light all around the amusement park of Horrorland, just like you see in other big parks during the night time. \"Okay, now let's find the book so we can-\" \"Put everything back in the book?\" a minion-like voice completed, finishing Stine's sentence. We heard his footsteps stop in front of us. \"That's not gonna happen...\" he spoke. \"I said that during this challenge is to see how long you can survive here... But...\" He giggled. \"You all lose.\" \"Not true!\" I yelled. \"I told them what a fraud you are! You fraud about us leaving this park if we survive, which we did, and you fraud when you told me that these people aren't my friends!\" \"I'm not a fraud,\" the Invisible Boy replied. \"I'm a lier,\" he boasted with a grin that we couldn't see. \"That's what fraud means,\" I explained shortly. \"Even Slappy is a fraud for telling me his the same lie that you told me.\" Oh, good God, I said the wooden dummy's name. I then gave the Boy an angry look. \"Tell us where the book is!\" I demanded him. \"Or I'll hit you with my backpack,\" I threatened, ready to take it off my back. \"You shall not do that...\" he sneered. \"Monster Police!\" he then suddenly declared. \"Take these humans to the dungeon,\" he ordered. \"What?!\" all five of reacted. We looked straight ahead and saw the Monster Police run up to where we are, ready to grab us... And take us to...the dungeon. We tried to move out of the way, but they were too quick and dragged us there. \"Ahh!\" Hannah screamed \"Whoa!\" Zach yelled. \"Hey!\" Stine cried. \"Ow!\" I declared. \"Put me down, or I'll give you one swift punch!\" But, the Monster Police ignored Champ's threat, throwing him in the dungeon cellar just like they did with the rest of us, closing the door and locked it. Then, they walked away. \"'With one swift punch',\" Zach qouted with his fingers, not impressed by Champ's words that he gave to the monsters that had been wearing police outfits. \"Real smooth, dude,\" he smiled sarcastically. \" Real smooth.\" \"Hey, I did my best, okay?\" Champ defended. \"I thought my threat will scare them or something.\" \"Or something,\" Stine echoed, leaning against the wall. \"Besides, we may never get out of here,\" he said hopelessly, taking off his glasses, cleaning the lenses with his shirt. I bet he does that a lot with those things. I rubbed the back of my head where it's now getting a little sore from being thrown in here by force, when something caught my eye over at a pile of old rags. Getting up from the hard, dirty floor, I walked over to it. Then, I got down on my knees, throwing the rags all over the place. \"Hazel, what are you doing?\" Hannah asked me, ducking away from the rags. \"Do you know how dirty those rags are?\" \"I see something,\" I replied, continuing to throw the rags all over the cell. After I was finished, my eyes widen. \"Guys, come here!\" I exclaimed in pure shock. I heard them come over to me as I picked up the object. Stine gasped. \"Could it be...?\" But, he couldn't finish his sentence. It was something that we've been looking for hours. A manuscript titled One Day At Horrorland . ","Summary":" Chapter 1: The Begining \"Get out of my face, you make me sick!\" \"But...\" \"I said, GET OUT!\" "},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Everlasting","Author":"Lillianpeace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13153683","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is a brand-new story for you all, I personally love this book and movie and had some ideas. But, as usual, I own nothing except new ideas and characters, I make no money from writing, and all rights belong to the rightful owners. Thank you for reading, please leave me some reviews! Winnie's point of view… My name is Winifred (Winnie) Harper Nee Foster, I was born here in Treegap, Maryland in 1890, the year is 1989 only months from 1990 and my hundredth birthday. In 1905 my life was forever changed when I was kidnapped by the Tucks, I was changed because I found myself those weeks I was gone, found love and freedom. I loved Jesse, maybe it was what they called puppy love from a girl who had been cooped up in a large manor her whole life, but a part of me loves him still. Enough that I named my own daughter Jessie, my granddaughter is also named after the Tucks who may never change but they changed me for the better. Even when I made the hard choice to hide the spring after buying the land, a fact I will never alert any to. I know I am dying, my will has been read and all money and properties are now in the hands of my granddaughter, it was an unusual request, but the Judge granted it. I never regret my choices, I still miss Jesse and the Tucks but when you have lived such a full life, with the trials and tribulations that come with it. Even after my Jessie passed only a year after giving birth to my only Granddaughter, Finley Blaire Mae Harper, who has been ill her entire seventeen years. On her birthday, I came to her room. It flashes back like it was only yesterday. **Flashback** I walked from my master room, the halls darkened in this late hour, but it was time. I had the crystal clear vile in my shaking hands, but I held tight as not to drop the magical waters that rest inside. Finley was reading, her face so pale and her once stunning blue eyes sunken in, I could not lose her. She was not yet done with life, she wanted to live but knew she would not make it another month. I smile hearing her gentle voice, \"Hello meemaw, you shouldn't be up. You haven't been well; you're ninety-nine not fifty.\" but she held so much humor in her tone. Taking her hand in mine, we lock eyes, the same color but hers need more life in them. \"I have never lied to you even when the truth hurt, like your father having no desire for a female child. I want you to hear me out my Finley.\" Her eyes curious as her face managed to pale more in this minute but when she spoke her words are chosen with care. \"I will always trust you, you have been my rock.\" \"Long ago, in 1905 all those fairytales I once told you about Jesse and the Tucks?\" \"I loved those.\" her smile was weak but held so much fond emotions that I knew meant she was reminiscing of her more carefree days. \"Yes, me too my dearest. Well those weren't fairytale's, I was kidnapped by the Tucks who never became ill, lived long years because of the Magical Spring. I have held on to the waters since you were two. The day we found out how sick you really were, your grandpa thought it was just me being silly, but it was never as such. This will cure you, but in that you will not die; you will watch the world change instead. Can you live with that?\" I have no clue if she believes me, but she answers me, \"You make your life, no matter how long you live, one of adventure, seeing the changing world would be something. But alone no, I need company like you.\" her voice so weak, she needed sleep but fear she might not wake made me stay and talk. \"I never drank it when I turned seventeen, I wanted a long life and in the end to die. But you have had no life other than these walls and school, you have been a loner due to you being sick. I want you to live and be happy, it is my dying wish for you. That is why we saw the Judge, how you have control now.\" Her words firm, \"I did that to make you happy, every day that I wake I am blessed another day. I will never out live you.\" I held the vile to her, \"Drink this and you will and be healthy for once in your short life.\" Finley took the glass vile from my hands, her eyes moving over it before in her mind making me happy by drinking the cold water. She may think it was silly but soon she will be better than she had to leave before the Brothers of the Farlands came, they cannot find the spring and they never shall, but they would kill her, use her and that can never happen. I have been very busy trying to find one of the Tucks to keep her safe, I may have found Miles in the back woods of Alabama. Finley smiled, \"Here meemaw, we both need sleep.\" she was still pale as I left. **end** That was two months ago, she was better and has finished High school but still she was an old soul, wise and alone. She never fit in with her peers. She was here in the Library when I rushed in which could have killed me. I spoke, \"Pack now, anything you need. Trust me.\" and she did walking from her sanctuary to her room. I waited in the foyer with the driver who would take her bags, she had three and her bathroom bag and backpack. She was a firm believer now, she was immortal, and my death was her fear. But right now, her death if it could happen, or the use of her was my own fear as the Brotherhood was lurking closer now, too close for her to stay here safe. I sat with her as she ate in the car, I paid handsomely for Jack to take us to Alabama, Yampertown to be precise. \"Meemaw, why do I have to leave? You will be alone they could hurt you.\" I waved this off, \"If they wanted to, they would have long ago, but I have made sure they saw me aging, your mother aging but with you it has changed. You shouldn't be alive, and they now see you so healthy, it is best I see if my lead was right, you will be safe with the Tucks.\" I was too old for this but here I was, making sure my life made it safe to Miles. It was dawn when we left the Hotel, Jack in the room next to us to make sure we are safe, so we could drive another one into the backwoods. She sits reading we are so close as only a few buildings stood, all looking vintage, the towns people look a little unsavory like a scene out of Fried Green tomatoes, Jack pulled the Mercedes to a stop in a local diner so that we might get out and find him. Finley stood close to Jack who was a bodyguard for an old friend, I borrowed him for a few days. A woman of about twenty walked up, \"Sorry, Ma'am are ya'll lost?\" she was kind, her face had a long scar down the left, but she dressed in modest clothes. I spoke, \"No my dear we are not, I am looking for a man named Miles Tuck.\" I watched her face as it paled, she knew him. \"Sorry, no one by that name here.\" She was lying, \"I assume you do know of who I speak of, maybe he doesn't go by that name, but he is here. You run off and tell him Winnie is at the diner having her morning meal.\" I was from old, very old money, so using this tone was effective with her. I watched her taking to the woods when no one other was looking, Finley ate as did Jack and I, the food was delectable. We waited over an hour before leaving, the girl was nowhere in sight, but a map was on Jacks seat, we had to take another road before walking a rather sizable distance. Finley loved the woods, her hands touched the leaves and trees as we passed. \"I loved the forest around the manor, getting lost in the woods was a fond pass time.\" \"Jack, I hate to ask but can you help me, this walk is not up to my old age.\" I just need an arm to lean on. It was becoming hotter as the sun was at its peak, but a small cottage type cabin most people die for now is laying in front of us, the girl was standing outside waiting for us. \"Sorry ma'am, he said if it was you that you would come no matter what. Miles is inside.\" she walked in as I followed suit. I held my hand up, \"Jack keep Finley outside for a few moments then come in, I just need a few words with Miles.\" Finley was fiddling with the axe as Jack took it from her. The home was well lit and smelled of fresh honeysuckle, but in the chair, was Miles looking no older than he did in 1905, he was not surprised to see me aged. He stood helping me to sit, \"Is it really you Winnie?\" his hand over mine as I laughed. I repeated what he once told me, \"If you think on it, you come to see there'd be so many creatures, including people, we'd all be squeezed in right up next to each other before long.\" He knew then it was me as he smiled. \"Jesse won't be too pleased you never drank, he was coming to see you this very year. But why have you sought me out?\" \"Have you heard of the Brothers of the Farlands?\" His face turned grim, \"I have, Celia can we get some tea, love?\" he found love again after so many years, this made my heart full again. I sighed, \"Miles, I need help. I never would have asked if it wasn't important. My daughter passed and all I have is my granddaughter, her name is Finley, she was ill from age two. I waited until the last possible time, right before she was to die. I couldn't lose her, she is seventeen and has not been able to live any kind of life. At first, she may not have believed me, but she does now, the brotherhood is after her. I want you, I beg you, to take her to Mae and Angus even Jesse, tell him everything make him protect her, she is my life.\" he looked shocked, shocked I doomed her to this life he hated. Celia chimed in handing me some tea, \"This is not a bad life when you find love, I will go get her. Miles, I have heard you talk of Winnie and your fondness, we need to help.\" she was a good woman she walked from us heading outside. \"I will help, I can find Jesse and I know where my maw and pa are, we will have to end the Brotherhood for good. There are many more like us, we have found them we have to leave in the morning, Mae will need to see you one last time.\" I was not sure this was a good idea, \"How far, I have a time limit these days before people notice my absence and have been gone twenty-eight hours already.\" \"About two days from here.\" \"I can't Miles, everything is now in Finley's name, I have changed and sealed her records, so she will not be traced due to debt card transactions, please keep her safe.\" he understood as he helped me from the rocking chair. \"I will take you back to your car and get Finley's things, I will do everything to protect her Winnie, I promise. In fact, we leave tonight, the brotherhood will be behind you.\" The air was crisp as Celia was showing Finley how to use an axe, she was laughing. \"Finely come here dearest.\" I called out to her when she turned Miles gasped. Finley was my twin, her face more oval/heart shaped to my round face, but she was like my twin, her eyes right blue, her hair an autumn brown her smile was mine, he saw all that he knew me in 1905. \"Yes, Meemaw?\" \"This is Miles, he is going to keep you safe now. I must return home, remember all those tales are true so you know you can always trust the Tucks. I need you to listen to him he will protect you from the brotherhood. I love you so much, you are my heart, my rock, my life. I will live on in you.\" She was crying as was Celia and I, but I had to go now not having another few days in me. My last vision of Finley was her smiling with tears in her eyes.[Chapter 2] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! Finley's point of view… I knew that would be the last time we would ever see meemaw alive, the next time I saw her it would be at her funeral. How can you say goodbye to a woman who raised you, groomed you for a bright future, a woman who saved you? And still she was even more than that, she was my best friend, my family; now I really had no one but the Tucks, people I don't know. Celia seems very nice and Miles looked at me like a ghost but said nothing as he took meemaw away with Jack who was shocked I was not going back with them. I sit in their cabin, it smelled of honeysuckle and ivy even a hint of burning oak. Celia was bustling about in the bedroom looking as if she is packing a bag, I look around seeing a few pictures on the fireplace mantle. One was of a man who was about two feet taller than the smiling female, the man wore new aged clothes but with a lumberjack flare, he was beaming at the camera. He had what looked like worry lines around his eyes while the female looked around thirty-five, her hair long and wispy of an old shade of blonde, her face was round and her brown eyes calm and caring, she looked carefree, in her hand was a small music box. Next was a boy about my age his hair a dark shade of brown like Miles, he was sitting on a bench reading in this picture, his eyes also brown \"That is Jesse.\" I turned seeing Miles watching me. I blushed, \"Sorry, I wasn't meaning to look at your things.\" I shouldn't be around people, with no friends my social skills are devoid and dusty. He let out a small scoff, \"I ain't worried, those are our parents Mae and Angus and my younger brother Jesse.\" he was moving along pointing at certain people as he spoke, he smelled like the woods, earthy but good. I smiled as Celia came out, \"We need to hurry.\" Miles gave a nod to his wife, it was like they needed no other words, so much unspoken emotions. \"Finley, the brotherhood will not be far behind. Take this bag and pack all pictures and things out here. We need to leave within the next hour, we are heading to Maine.\" I just got to work; their small-town lives are being disrupted because of me, I only caused problems for people. But I wrapped his pictures with great care before placing them in the sturdy bag, with us working his home was packed other than the furniture and such, the food was boxed up as Miles wiped his head with a red bandana. He spoke, \"Going to go get the truck.\" then he was gone as I glance at Celia. \"I am sorry for coming and up turning your family like this, my meemaw just said I wasn't safe in Treegap any longer.\" I tried to let the emotions linger in my tone watching as her face softened. Celia just gave a laugh, \"We are always in danger, the brotherhood trying to unlock our secrets. Winnie means a lot to the Tucks, I have heard tales of her from when Miles kidnapped her when she ran away, to her and Jesse. We are not bothered at all, you don't fret on such matters.\" she hugged me close, her apple cider and cinnamon scent made me relax, she just held on until she felt my entire body relaxed. When she did let go she flashed a brilliant smile. I helped as much as possible and it paid off as Miles chuckled. \"Good work ethic, now hop in we have a long drive a head of us. The spot we need to get to is about 6 miles north-northwest of Maine's highest point - Mount Katahdin. The spot is just 6 miles from the nearest road, but the best way to get to it is for us to hike Russell Pond Trail over 10 miles. Then, we must bushwhack our way about a quarter of a mile. This trek involves making your way through rivers and streams, many of which are waist-level and have no bridges. Russell Pond Campground, which is about a mile away from the spot. Dad and I know a way to get the belongings to their cabin but to get there by foot and not be shot is the hike.\" Now, let me tell you it was freezing cold water, I wore a pair of jeans with a dark green warm long sleeve thermal with a black infinity scarf, my boots knee high and in a shade of brown. But I was wading through the waist high water my back pack risen above my head as we finally came from what he said was the last river, the sun was still high as we made good time, I was not a person who bowed down to a challenge and guess Miles liked that. At the camp ground we dried and had a snack since he said Mae would feed us up soon after arriving. \"You look like you need a good meal.\" Miles informed me, I had been sick for so long my frame maybe screamed eating disorder. I frowned, \"That is rude, before I drank the water I was dying, and eating was a task that I couldn't always do. I have gained five pounds this last few months. Now in time my figure will even out until then I suggest you shut it, thank you very much.\" but Miles just smiled. \"You look just like Winnie, a few differences enough to where I knew it wasn't her. But at first sight I thought it was, you have her fire too, you will fit in just fine with us.\" but worry hid in his voice as Celia touched his hand giving him what looked like her best smile. I stood with them hauling my back pack, the last mile wasn't horrible especially since a very nice cabin came into view, you could tell it had many rooms and was built over time. \"Let me go in first, Celia stay with Finley.\" then he was gone before she could utter a word. It seemed an hour passed when three people strode from the lit doorway, the woman was smiling as they reached us. \"Miles, you're right for a good minute I thought it was Winnie. Hello, Finley I am Mae Tuck, now you come in and get some supper while we all have a nice long talk.\" the cabin was warm and welcoming, the smells of dinner cooking wafted through the air as I was showed to a seat. I spoke up, \"Anything that I can help with?\" but she waved a dish rag at me as a sign of no. Angus and Miles taking seats as Celia went into what I was guessing was the kitchen. I tried to avoid eye contact instead looking around at the pictures and flowers that littered the area's I could see, some are very old. \"Hello, Finley. I am Angus Tuck, no need to be on edge here, you're safe now.\" he seemed kind, he held his hand out, with gentleness he shook mine. I was starved seeing the food being placed, but I was a guest, so I took my time setting some roasted chicken, a biscuit that was glistening with melted butter, next was some mashed potatoes and gravy before I settled into eating slowly. The food was I think the best I have ever had. Mae was up pouring lemonade into my empty cup. I blushed, \"Thank you, ma'am.\" She patted my hand, \"Now Finley, tell us the story of how you drank.\" Miles didn't tell them. With a sigh I began, \"I was born sick with heart troubles, by age two they thought the worst had passed, but it had not been as such; in fact, it got worse. My mother Jessie, passed not long after I was born, by age ten I had cancer, it was treated but it came back stronger. I was ready to die but meemaw wasn't ready for me to go, she said I never lived but I was okay with that; I never had friends, only went outside to get my education but was always too sick for more. One-night meemaw came into my room with a vile of sparkling water and asked me to drink, said I would get better and now here I am. I was raised on stories of your family.\" Angus gave me a sad look as Mae had tears running down her face as Celia was dabbing her own face. \"We're your family now, Winnie made her choices to never drink and now she sent us the most valuable thing to her. Miles after supper we need to get the stuff, in the morning we go find Jesse he needs to come home for some time.\" Mae smiled at this, \"He likes his adventures, but he loves coming home just as much.\" her tone was bright but still sad. I just continued to eat when she brought out a cobbler, it was blackberry and the best I had ever had. So, by eleven I was in my own room under a handmade quilt as Celia sat with me, she thought it best since I seemed lost. \"I miss her, my meemaw. I know that I will never see her alive again my heart tells me she will not make it another two months since for so long she was holding out for me, to care for me; now that I am gone she will pass on.\" easy to let it out in the dark with only the moon as light, half the wall was glass and gave the best view. \"She lived her life to the fullest, she traveled, she loved, she had a family and her own little adventures. Now you live yours,\" with a kiss to the head she was gone, and I was alone in the dark, but it was so easy to fall to sleep. I only woke when the sun was becoming harder to ignore, I talk to myself. \"I should go help them.\" I could smell her cooking as I made the bed when I saw my bags in the far-right corner. I pulled on a pair of jeans and dark black sweater, my hair pinned up. I was so in love with this place, I found Mae cooking with Celia, both smiled at me. \"Can I help? I've never cooked before.\" I offered as Mae gave me a look. \"If you want to learn, I would be happy to show you,\" she was good at this as she had me adding some buttermilk to a large mixing bowl filled with dry dough, this was very labor intensive. I helped cook the bacon and sage sausage this was fun, talking and cooking as the two boys gathered two back packs for their trip to get Jesse, \"I will only be a reminder to this Jesse that my meemaw never waited for him, that she grew old.\" I had been worrying about this all night and yesterday, Mae spoke now, \"He will get over it, he loved Winnie, but we thought it was puppy love. He has never found a mate after so long, he will help protect you and you two will get along just fine.\" I was able to go out and explore but had to stay in a certain range which was fine, I climbed trees and just had fun for two whole days before everything changed. I was out in the mid-day sun after helping do the wash by hand which was odd, but soon enough when I was high up in the trees men in dark clothes are seen trekking towards the house. I felt the panic as my heart began racing as I clambered down from the tree, nearly falling many times until my feet hit the dirt. Turning tale and running for Mae and Celia as they said they would be painting by the cabin if I needed anything, I couldn't breathe as I only thought of getting to them. Mae was up looking at me as I was running like a mad man towards them pointing to the woods, \"Men, maybe seven are coming wearing all dark clothes.\" This had them up dragging me into the house \"Get the guns, we have no choice. Finley hunnie, you stay hidden we must protect our family we thought the brotherhood was coming and now they're here. Killin to protect our own is just a fact of life for us.\" she was right, they wanted to cut us open and use us knowing we couldn't die. I don't want them hurt because of me, watching as they walked out with shot guns, two against seven was very un-fair. Three more guns lay on the sofa she hid me behind, this is my fault. I heard the first shot it scared me enough I bolted from the sofa, the glass wall gave the scene in front of me new meaning, right out of a movie. Mae and Celia taking a stand as the men metalized from the woods like ghosts. I watched as they attacked Mae and Celia who fell, I watched as another walked into their home. When he spoke, it was like death cold and distance, \"Hello Miss. Harper, we have come to take you home, to our home.\" I screamed his hand was tinted blue, I bolted knocking things over as he gives chase, his hands are like ice, kill or be taken. I used all my strength smashing her vase against his head. He wasn't moving. I hurried to Mae and Celia, taking a gun myself, I couldn't fight so this was my only protection. Mae was about to get her head cut off, when I saw Miles and Angus running at full speed with the gun against my shoulder I pulled the trigger, I flew back into the open-door way, but the man was down, and Mae was safe. I think my shoulder was in the kitchen as I staggered to my feet, Celia was coming my way, the rifle was in my hands as it seemed we have become almost even in numbers. But more seemed to come from the woods, maybe four more I counted, my fear picking up as Celia reloaded next to me. My eyes taking in everything, it hit me I was safe here with them as I fired again hitting the one close to Miles who gave me a low bow in return. Everyone was scattered again, I was alone and no ammo when I was tackled to the ground my face being smashed into the wet grass. \"Come on, we need you to bring life.\" I screamed kicking hard into his gut or what I hoped was, with his grunt of pain I was able to move crawling back before getting to my feet, my heart stopped coming face to face with a pistol. But with one fluid movement an arm wrapped around me pressing me to his back as the gun went off. As fast as it had begun it had stopped as the men vanished with their dead, how three carried off so many is beyond me. But when I turn I see warm swirling coca eyes staring back into mine, a smile that was so easy going, taking a deep breath, he smelled like a storm. \"Jesse this is Finley Harper, Winnie's granddaughter.\" his eyes became sad, but he kept the smile. \"Hello Fin.\" I corrected, \"Finley Blaire Mae Harper, it is a pleasure to meet you Jesse. I have heard so many things about you.\" Mae gave a tiny gasp at my full name. \"The pleasure is all mine Finley Blaire Mae Harper.\" he pressed his lips to the back of my hand, an old-world gesture men should still have. \"Come on, they won't be back for some time.\" Angus took the Rifle from me with a smile. I walked with Miles who smiled at his brother. \"Come on girls.\"[Chapter 3] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! Angus fixed my shoulder right up as everyone looked no worse for the ware, Celia and Mae pass out hot tea before taking a seat. \"Finley, she saw them coming and was able to give us a nice warning if not for her we would have been in deep troubles.\" Mae was being far to kind. I spoke up. \"This is all my fault they never would have come if I was not here.\" I heard a deep chuckle, Miles just shot his brother a look as Angus stood checking the window Jesse was watching from. Miles spoke, \"Finley, they come for us regardless. Yes, they came for you why is not known but we will protect you not just because your Winnie's granddaughter but because you are one of us and so much more than your granny. There I said it, Finley to me is more than Winnie, she isn't afraid to get dirty and not afraid to protect her own a trait her grandmother never shared.\" he was talking about the man in yellow from 1905 when grandmother was scared and if not for Mae she be dead. Jesse was angry, \"Winnie should have drank and waited for me, then maybe none of this would have happened.\" his tone was angry and worried at the same time. I stood, \"Why? Why grandmother never wanted a life of not aging and waiting for your return, she was not a lap dog, Jesse Tuck. She found love in my grandfather, she had adventures of her own while she grew old, she had a daughter my own mother who she named after you, her first love, Jessie Mae was my mother who died when I was two. I should have died from cancer months ago but in 1905 you gave my grandmother the key for me to live. If you loved her as you have said why did you wait nearly one hundred years to return for her, love is the greatest adventure. You should face facts it was never real love on either end, if so she would have drank and you would have come back or never left without her. I knew deep down this was what I was meant to be, I would find my place here.\" my face was hot and tears leaked from my eyes as I became angry at him, he was just an ass. Miles stood between us. \"Finley, I agree with you, and Jesse we told you that you needed to move on from Winnie, we knew she never drank she wanted to live a full life before she passed and now she has done just that. This is not the time, we have plans to make.\" He was right. I take my seat with Celia, Jesse watched my movements with narrowed eyes, \"You Miles have grown soft, you hate this life.\" Jesse turned on is brother. Angus stood with his sons, \"I found Celia, she has made every day worth living. Maybe you will find a mate a person who can bring the old Jesse back, but first you need to let go of the past it is gone from you now.\" Without another word he walked from the house as I walked into my room, I looked at the brick sized phone, knowing I had to hike a mile before it could be used. Without a word I sneak out from my room heading towards the tall trees about a mile from here, just needing to hear her voice. It was dark as I crept through the woods seeing a bar light the phone, then another as I climbed up, I perched on a thick branch as I dialed the manors number, hearing the first ring, then the second as Kelly answered she was my grandmothers nurse \"Harper residence.\" I smiled hearing her voice, \"I need to talk to my grandmother, Kelly.\" \"Miss. Finley, I am so happy to hear from you, you hold on and I will get her on the line.\" just like that, I waited with baited breath it was a little chilly now. \"Finley my dearest, is all okay?\" Grandmother questioned before even saying hello, her voice fragile. Sighing, \"We were attacked at the Tucks, but then Miles and Angus arrived from locating Jesse, I killed two men but I had too. Jesse hates me since you never waited around like a lap dog, he is frustrating.\" I vented as she let out a small peal of giggles. \"Jesse will come around, I knew he be angry but he was never the love of my life that was your grandpa.\" We spoke when the tree in front of me moved and Jesse showed himself \"Go away.\" I snapped as he leapt onto the branch with me. \"Can I please talk to her?\" his voice was broken. My heart hurt hearing it as I handed the phone right over moving away so they had a small amount of privacy. I listen though. \"Winnie, why?\" He must have listened for nearly five minutes before in the moon light his eyes landed on me, \"I understand Winnie, I will of course.\" \"She will be.\" then he hung up looking at me, \"She said goodnight and to rest well, she loves you dearest,\" he set my phone into my hand as I took the advantage climbing from the tree heading back to the cabin before any noticed my absence. The lights on as I was close to the back where my room was, so I composed myself before putting the cell away and leaving the room to help them in any way I was able. Jesse was already setting the table as I walked into the kitchen getting right into helping Mae and Celia, \"I am sorry about my boy, he just needs time,\" Celia snorted, \"That boy needs an ass beating.\" I smiled taking the ham to the table seeing the boys smiling for once, Miles was up \"Let me get the for you.\" I heard how cold Miles was for a long time, he liked my Grandmother and all but in 1905 he was not happy and happiness makes a world of difference. \"Thank you, Miles.\" Mae handing me two dishes filled with gravy and the other with potatoes this time Jesse stood but before he was able to speak Miles did, \"Finley, let me help you after all you have been learning to cook and have been such a help for mother and my wife.\" Miles was having much fun at his brother's expense. \"It has been my pleasure, I also needed to learn to cook and Mae and Celia have made such great teachers.\" I had made the blueberry pie and apple for tonight as Celia made the vanilla ice cream, we gave Mae a break, she just sat and played the music box while we had worked. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jesse sit with a huff, now we all sit and eat together this was very nice. Mae spoke, \"I love having all my family together, now everyone dig in.\" I ate slow listening to conversation around me until Celia got my attention, \"Finley, would you care to go fishing with Miles and I tomorrow, we are going to catch dinner.\" she smiled at me, it made me feel very welcomed. I retorted, \"I have never been fishing doubt I will be an asset to your mission, but I would like to try.\" Miles winked, \"I once taught Winnie to fish so I know you will do just fine, we leave in the morning after our morning meal.\" Angus and Mae smiled at each other thinking no one was watching. Jesse spoke, \"Ma this is a great pie.\" I smiled as Mae looked at me. \"Finley's first solo attempt and if I do say so, it might be better than my own.\" I interjected, \"Food someone else cooks always taste better.\" Angus and Mae said for us young ones go start a bonfire while they washed up from supper, there was three logs and six people. The fire was stunning as Miles and his brother added wood, Celia smiled showing me where to have a seat which means two to a log. Angus spoke, \"Jesse, you said you wanted to have this meeting.\" He takes a seat next to me as I made sure we sit far apart, \"I spoke to Winnie via Finley's cellular phone. We have to protect Finley, I was just angry at Winnie for not waiting for me and myself for expecting her to. The brotherhood are only coming for young female immortals, I have no clue why.\" \"They said they needed me to bring life.\" All eyes on me now, \"This is troubling, I am going to get word to Hun Ling he might have some answers.\" we all talked until it was bed time, I walked to my room after using the bathroom, my teeth cleaned as I saw Jesse walking from his room a door from mine in just his jeans, with haste I kept my eyes straight heading into my room for the night. Sleep was slow coming but once I fell into the darkness of sleep only the sun rising woke me early in the morning, I was up making my bed in a pretty shirtdress in a floral print, red wedge sandals, on the desk was my brown floppy hat almost every once of my clothes are vintage another reason I never fit in. I walked from the room with hat in hand making my way to the kitchen leaving my hat on the table by the door so that I could help the woman. But they are done, I was shocked seeing muffins and oatmeal ready. Miles pulled out Celia's seat than my own as Jesse muttered taking another seat, I helped myself to a blueberry muffin as they all spoke, Mae and Angus are going into town for supplies while we fish, I rather go into town as well. But they need their alone time or so I guessed, \"You look very pretty today.\" it was Jesse with an easy-going smile in place as I looked shocked he spoke kindly to me. \"Thank you, this was my grandmothers dress in 1936.\" \"I noticed all your clothes are those of older years.\" Celia chimed in. \"I like vintage things probably why I had no friends and never fit in with teens my own age.\" Mae and Celia always looked ready to fight for me or cry for me. I put on my hat as Mae was trying to cover me in white paste, it blended into my skin with the smell of coconut \"Your skin is far to fair.\" then she was handing the sunscreen to Celia for her to cover in. Miles held his wife's hand as we had to move over large rocks, \"Slow and easy.\" Miles called as I moved over each one trying not to fall into the stream. A large river was set in front of us, it was right out of a novel it was magnificent to behold as Miles and Jesse set up poles, Celia and I carried a large basket of food since we would be here for some time by the looks of it. I removed my sandals leaving them on our blanket as Jesse handed me a baited pole. He moved behind me his hands braced against mine, his breath warm as it touched my ear, \"Move like this, not to hard but keep your hands firmly on the handle or you will send your pole into the river.\" I felt his smile against my skin and the stares of Miles and Celia. I did as he said seeing the line cast, it bobbed in the moving waters as Miles clapped his hands and I knew I was beaming at this little accomplishment. I had not caught any, Celia and Miles got medium sized fish, Jesse got a fairly large trout but here I was with nothing as my mood faded. We moved into better waters when I felt a massive tug it made my feet move \"Miles, I think I have one.\" \"Good now keep it, reel it in. Yes, just like that.\" the pole was bending with the force but I seemed to be reeling it in as the boys had the net ready, Celia was clapping for me. It was big, too as it flopped around in the net, my arms hurting as the boys agreed I caught the biggest one. I was giddy as we ate a late lunch. Miles and Celia in the river cooling off after, I sat under a shady tree watching seeing the love bouncing off them as Jesse pulled his brother under the wild waters, I couldn't swim but I moved toward the waters sticking in my feet in the calmer parts. Jesse was soaked when he swam to me, \"Come in, the water is just fine.\" his hand was out to me his smile was welcoming. I blushed, \"I can't swim.\" He looked shocked, 'Winnie never taught you to swim?\" it was a question it hit me he didn't know why I drank the Spring water. \"I had cancer and a heart condition, so there was never time for me to learn to swim I was always very sick.\" He took my hand leading me into the water, it was now wild moving like a force of nature, slamming into us as I felt the panic brewing inside, but then his deep voice cut into it \"Trust me.\" and I did he was my grandmothers friend, her first love I knew he was to be trusted. His arms wrapped around me leading me out to deeper parts of the river \"Be careful Jesse.\" Miles warned him. I was scared but his arms are strong like iron around me not letting me move from him even as he laughed and splashed Celia in the face. \"The stream is better for learning to swim, tomorrow I can take you.\" Celia offered as Miles chimed in \"Sounds good, I think I will come too.\" I felt the tension in Jesse's arm, \"Yeah we can all go.\" Miles just smirked as he wrapped his wife in a towel, we are still in the water letting the waters wash over us until it was time to go. My dress clung to me as Celia offered me another towel to help the chill that was coming. Miles carried the chest of ice with the fish inside as we made our way home.[Chapter 4] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! The first week of August hangs at the very top of summer, the top of the live-long year, like the highest seat of a Ferris wheel when it pauses in its turning. I was getting the hang of swimming not so much they would let me go at it alone in the river, but as Mae said it was getting chilly now and swimming was for summer. So, the boys are piling up firewood in the shed for winter, we would be indoors all winter due to the heavy snow fall. Mae said soon we would have the double pantry stocked for the winter, it might take a few trips to town, but they would get it done. Jesse and Miles are goofing off while I figure it would be nice if I baked a cake for them, Celia was already in the kitchen setting some seasoned chickens in one of the ovens when I walked in. I smiled, \"I would like to bake a cake, we can give Mae a break and do the cooking tonight.\" Celia smiled, \"I am just fine with that, Miles and I are leaving for a few days, but we will be back.\" her tone gave nothing away but still I worried why they were leaving and if they would come back. I asked, \"Do you have to go? Can Jesse go with Miles?\" She smiled pulling me into a seat, \"We have to go and sign some paperwork, we will be safe. Miles and I will be back in four days' time, I promise.\" I had to believe her. I watched as she pulled a small beige box from the pantry, in it are all Mae's recipes from her life time. So, I scrolled through finally picking a lemon cake and a blueberry frosting those seem to pair well together. I walked around taking each ingredient and setting it on the counter before starting to add the dry ingredients into one mixing bowl, shifting in the cake flour. My hands hurt from zesting and squeezing the lemons as Celia cooked down the blueberries for me, we had corn boiling, biscuit dough ready along with some baked potatoes. Everything was going smoothly, music playing low the sounds of the forest and animals, woodchopping, out of the window was Mae folding the dry clothes that are blowing in the breeze. The cake smelled like summer with the lemon really coming out as it baked, the frosting was done as Angus took a swipe of it with his finger as he came in for three tall glasses of lemonade. I helped where I could as food cooked and baked, I just left Jesse's folded clothes on his un-made bed before walking it his room smelled of him. Celia smiled, \"Can you tell the boys supper in thirty, your cake is cooling now.\" I made a bee line for the door to get the boys, it was twilight now as Mae walked in with a brilliant smile \"I will set the table, so the boys can wash up,\" I called, \"Boy's supper in thirty,\" I had a cake to frost so all they got was a single warning, the frosting spread on easy, I topped it with a blueberry compote before setting the masterpiece in the fridge. We started bringing the food to the table when Jesse walked in, I tried, I really did my eyes followed him as he walked in. His chest bare and covered in sweat, he had a few tattoo's he must have gotten in different countries while traveling. I turned setting the platter down when his deep voice chimed through the haze that was my brain, \"After supper care to go for a walk?\" \"Sure,\" Mae and Celia watched with judging eyes but with fond smiles \"Smells great girls,\" Mae lavishes us with compliments as we sat first since the boys were late getting into the house to wash up. Us girls did not wait as we started to eat, the food was outstanding so now I only hoped the cake could be just as good. Angus took his seat and started to eat, \"The sheds are filled to the brim, should be enough for the winter, they're coated as well. Having the boys home has made things much easier.\" Mae nodded, \"That it did and now they will be home for the entire winter, Jesse mentioned he might go to California for the winter.\" Angus only gives a nod as a minute later the boys come rushing in, then everyone is eating together. Guess Jesse was going to go, a little disappointed since he was good company after a few days of being here. Angus broke the silence as he laid his fork down, \"Jesse, so when are you planning on leaving for the sunshine state?\" Jesse looked ready to drop his fork mid bite, \"I was considering it pa, have not made any real plans.\" \"Well son, soon that snow will cover the ground so if you're leaving you have until the end of August to make them plans.\" The first week of August was long over. And now, though the autumn was still some weeks away, there was a feeling that the year had begun its downward arc, that the wheel was turning again, slowly now, but soon to go faster, turning once more in its changeless sweep of change. I walked from the house with Jesse, heading to our spot where we talked most times. It was a lovely night, the star shone bright above us. I broke the tension \"So California?\" I heard good things about it but never had a desire to go see it, but now I knew that I would be seeing every inch of this Earth. That with the Tucks I would be able to lead a life of adventure, but that wasn't about to happen with the brotherhood out for us female's. He just tossed a rock into the trunk of the tree, \"I was thinking about it, but thinking right now it ain't safe. Safe to be traveling on my own and leaving you lot here,\" but I doubted the brotherhood be coming int eh dead of winter, that would not be logical. I say as much, \"Doubt the brotherhood will come during the snowfall, it is to hard of a trek without the snow. You could go and we be safe,\" His long brown hair was tied back as he spoke again, \"Yeah, but I don't think I want to chance it. Plus it be nice to be home for some time,\" like that he wasn't leaving to sunny California, he was staying here for a long cold winter. For some, time passes slowly. An hour can seem like an eternity. For others, there was never enough. For Jesse Tuck, it didn't exist, and now it is the same for me. It was chilly now, I hadn't packed clothes for the winter. I mused, \"I rather Ceila not leave, but guess they have paperwork to sign,\" He leaned back on the fallen tree nestled between larger trees. \"You will be safe here, maybe she makes you feel safer,\" \"She does, she has a mothering nature about her and in retrospect I never had one. Grandmother was wonderful, but she lost her husband, her only child, only to see my own health failing worse as each day passed. She would have out lived all she held dear to her heart, but she saved me,\" it was really the Tucks in the end that saved me, they gave her the way and she grasped it. Jesse smiled, it was easy going like he didn't have a care in the world. It was silent as time passed, neither of us spoke for some time we just lay there staring up at the stars seeing the so bright over us. But than he did speak, low but I could still here him fine. \"I am going into town for the last of the supplies with Maw and Pa, you should come since Miles and Ceila will be gone for a few days,\" Answering in the same low tone, \"I will. I'll be needing to get some winter clothes so I don't freeze,\" my eyes closing on their own. Only the deep voice of Miles, woke me, I tried to get up but I was still groggy with sleep when I felt warm arms lift me up. It was Miles he had this way about him, plus he smelled like the woods and the soil. I just let it happen, falling in and out of sleep but could hear their conversation. Miles spoke low to his brother, \"It's passed midnight, you shouldn't be havin her out this late,\" he was different than Grandmother once told me about him, seems love worked a level of magic the spring never could. \"Lost track of time, she was safe with me. We were talking and like that we both fell asleep,\" silence as the lights of the big house are visible. \"You have taken a liking to her, unlike Winnie,\" Jesse stated not in an angry way more like understanding. Miles groaned, \"I have, she is more than her Grandmother, her courage and her strength. Finley, well she deserves to have a life and Ceila and I are going to make sure she has just that. But don't think we haven't noticed you have takin a liking to her as well, Jesse,\" but that was it end of conversation as Ceila gasped her small light footed steps are heard before a door was opened and I was placed in the warm bed, with that I lost the fight to stay awake.[Chapter 5] Hello here is another chapter, have fun reading. The sunrise means so many things as it drifts in, igniting the colors of my room. This light is the greatest artist in history, creating beauty on the canvas beyond this window pane. It shines a path to my friends, and, as my mind wanders to them, I feel my eyes smile and a rising coziness in my core. Along the way, these new rays will reveal silken webs and grass wands of many hues, the rich browns of oak arms, the silver-cream of our moon above. Even before I move the quilt, I have dreamed each waving leaf, telling its own story to the wind with each dancing flutter. It was time to get up, the chill was setting in now as the rain was falling. Today Celia and Miles are leaving today and we're going into town even with the rainfall it was a must now. I wore my dark green long-sleeved thermal with dark jeans, my brown knee-high boots last was a black scarf to help keep me warmer. My hair was down for once the autumn brown with its hints of blonde fell like waves down my back. I walked out seeing Celia coming my way a smile on her face when she smiled you totally forgot about the scar. \"Good Morning, Finely,\" \"Morning Celia, are you and Miles getting ready to leave?\" hoping they have called it off, but it was a farfetched hope. \"Yes, we will make the hike to town and take the truck from there, only four days by late night Monday we will be home,\" her voice firm but more comforting it made me sigh. My own voice low, \"Sorry, I must seem so needy. But Miles and yourself just make all this conceivable to me. You've been like the mother I've never had in these months,\" her lush eyes filled with tears than she crashed into me her arms like iron, We just held on to the other, I never really blubber and spill emotions like running water but it all just came out. Miles cleared his throat, \"Ladies time for our meal, then we must leave,\" now it was Celia who turned giving him a look. \"Must we go, Miles?\" her voice wobbly as she had been crying he smiled and gave her a look. \"We must, now my love why the change of heart,\" Celia turned to me, \"You go on ahead and start, we will be right behind you. Like I said my darling, late Monday no later than that,\" this was me being dismissed so that they might have an adult conversation. Hurrying away into the dining area where Mae was just beaming at Angus as Jesse smiled getting up from his seat with his own hand outstretched to me. A greeting Grandpa did for Grandma when I was still young, placing my hand into his rougher one he helped me sit. \"Oh, Finley your hair is so heavenly,\" I beamed at her. \"Thank you, ma'am,\" I just plated fruit and a slice of toast, when Jesse smiled at me. \"You should eat some meat helps with protein and we have a long day ahead of us,\" He wasn't looking at my frame but the journey today. \"You're right, thank you, Jesse,\" only adding a slice of pork sausage and bacon, just enough but not too much. Ceila and Miles rejoin us to have our morning meal, Miles placed a kiss to my head before sitting a fact he never did with any but his wife. Mae smiled none the less now we all sit and eat the smells from the cooked meat to the pine sol wafted in the air as conversation picked up. In no time we are trekking through the woods, Celia's hands clasped with Miles and Mae with Angus, I strolled behind Miles while Jesse was talking to his pa. Wildlife roamed but left us alone \"They have a tunnel that leads right at the edge of town, faster and they never have been seen,\" the walk seemed to last forever. Upon the forest floor lie trees of yesteryear, fallen in storms long forgotten. The seasons have been harsh, stripping away the bark and outer layers, yet rendering them all the more beautiful. They have the appearance of driftwood, twisting in patterns that remind me of seaside waves; even the color of the moss is kelp-like. They are soft, damp, yet my fingers come away dry. The forest is the orchestra of my mind, playing one enchanting symphony after another. Her leaves dance to an unheard beat, whispering their songs to the wind. In here, sheltered by the mighty trees, is every kind of life, from the humble beetle to enchanting birds of every color. I hold my hands up to feel the cascading light, a brilliant white shaft illuminating the path that takes me onward and home. But now the tunnel is upon us, its cool man made now Jesse comes closer, his words low. \"You holding up?\" I answered, \"Doin just fine,\" making sure my voice was pleasant as light was seen at the very end. \"After this pa and ma will go get the truck, we will drive into town,\" A new life was spread out right in front of me and every day was so new. \"Is it safe for us to be in town?\" \"As safe as it is anywhere, in town people know our parents and respect them,\" Then silence as we waited for them to arrive with the truck, and when they do I am surprised it is a newer Ford and not something older. \"Come on kids,\" Angus bellowed but not a harsh tone just giddy more like it. Jesse jumped in the bed with his hand outstretched to me, \"Come on,\" his swirling cocoa brown eyes twinkling with mirth, but he also was calm and wanted to finally settle. But with a smile my hand was in his as I climbed into the bed with him, Angus drove down the paved road as Jesse wrapped his jacket around me. \"It's okay, you need it more,\" \"Thank you, going to get my own in town and some warmer clothes,\" again, I was sorely lacking in social skills but with them, it never mattered. Jesse was close his arm around me which was very new and made me feel new things, things that he wouldn't feel. I just tossed logic out the window and leaned my head onto his shoulder and he just pulled me closer making my heart rate skyrocket. Now it seemed the ride was very short, rustic cabins with a store hang signs dotted the grassy hills as trees stood up like spikes, zigzagging the border of brick roads and unpolished homes. Rivers streamed through deep valleys. I was helped out by Miles as Celia hugged on me once again, I just hugged her back. \"Now you listen to me, no later than Monday night. You be safe now, we love you, Finely,\" her soft lips pressed to my head as Miles came over hugging me close as well. \"No running off now, I promise little bit we will be back,\" his voice so deep and warm, it was like a blanket. \"I got her,\" Jesse took my hand as they got in another truck that was parked in a rent a shop type place. We four waved as they drove off, \"We are going to just get supplies, and bring them to the truck you get anything you need, now is the time,\" Mae patted my hand as she spoke softly. \"I just need winter clothes,\" I found a local shop, picking our sweaters, jeans, scarfs that all looked vintage and warm. Last was a petite coat and socks, my boots are good enough I had noticed Jesse following me even as I walked to the truck \"Mind helping me, Jesse?\" like that he was laughing helping me load my purchases in the cab, I handed him back his own coat and placed mine on. \"How about I get us some cocoa?\" he offered, taking my hand into his walking off not really giving me a choice. Today is rainy day walking - every person with their head down and moving at maximum speed. Those with umbrellas take wider berths of one another, the rest take care to duck when the spokes come their way. The sound of feet on wet paving stones is almost lost against the splashing of the traffic, only the click of high heels still clear. The usual smell of nature and small towns dampened. I just smiled the rain hitting us now, but something thrilling about this too. My hand in his walking fast in the rain even as he laughed pulling me along the cobbled lane and into a local shop that hit us with warmth. \"Sit, be right back,\" he was infectious when happy, he helped me to sit before rushing to the counter. I looked around it was homely and warm, some people are chatting and having a good time as I glanced overseeing a girl my age with wine colored hair chatting with Jesse as he held to cups, she was beautiful. His voice was a tad louder now, \"Sorry, you see that girl over there. I am all hers,\" nice, he gave her a reason to leave. Like that she turned seeing me waiting, she just resumed her own seat with her friends leaving him be. \"You must get that a lot, girls tossing themselves at you,\" I stated a little amused. He set my cup in my hands bringing more warmth, \"I do, it is never wanted. We have mates like my parents and Celia and Miles. I think I knew it wasn't Winnie,\" I asked him with wide eyes, \"How did you know it wasn't her?\" the drink was hot but tasted like heaven, it wasn't normal cocoa. He drank and his eyes turned back to me, \"I left and it took nearly a hundred years to come back. If it had been meant to be like my mate, doubt I could have lasted a day,\" that made such sense, hard but now he understood. We fall into silence and just drink until Mae and Angus walked in seeing us, \"We are having supper in town, come along,\" Mae smiled as we got up and followed them, the rain going harder now as Jesse pulled me close as the streets are getting flooded a little. It was a local diner in a big cabin with the second best food I've had in years, it hit me I missed my grandmother and would call her once again in the morning. \"So glad we could have you home for the winter son,\" Angus spoke when another spoke, her voice older. \"Angus, Mae these your youngins?\" \"This is our son, Jesse and,\" now Jesse cut them off since they may not know what to say. \"This is Finley, my girl,\" like that the old lady beamed patting Mae before rushing off. \"Quick on your feet son, thank you,\" Mae just smiled, but this smile was new not one I had seen before.[Chapter 6] Here is another chapter, hope you all enjoy. Please review… It was still dark out when slowly and reluctantly, I uncover my face. I blink, close my eyes, and blink again. Streaks of moonlight penetrate the window. I sit up, dragging my feet off the bed, and rub my knuckles into my eyes. I stretch my arms above my head and yawn. I watch my legs dangle above the cherry wood floors, seeing it was not even two in the morning, but now sleep was beyond me even as fatigued as I was. I stood feeling the chill as my bare feet touched the cold floor, but without hesitation, my feet moved to the bathroom. The house was warm as I washed my hands and brushed through my tangled hair, maybe I could read by the large open window and relax. So, with a book on Mythology in hand I curl up with a blanket and set about to reading, the bright moonlight shone on the book as the words came to life. I felt a chill up my spine making it tingle, I stood faster than normal looking out the window as massive as it was. On the outskirts was a tall figure there was no mistaking it, not as tall as those from the brotherhood. I bolt for Jesse, his door next to mine. A single knock before his footfalls are heard, he was in disarray as I woke him from his slumber but his eyes wide and worried as he saw it was me. \"Jesse, a man is out there,\" like that he shoved me into his room and walked out, leaving me in there alone. I was not weak so shaking off the fear, I followed him the door was wide open as Angus was rushing out and Mae just pulled me to her in a hug her hair as wild as mine when waking. \"I am nothing but trouble,\" whispering but she gave me a look. \"No you're not, never think such a thing, ever.\" Her voice so soft and warm as another ten minutes passed Jesse walked in with his father, a body in their arms. Jesse groaned dropping him to the floor, \"SWEAR,\" he yelled as his own pa shook his head. \"Mae, its Hun Ling. Guess he got the word and came, well guess he spooked Finley and she got Jesse, who sot to protect us. He should wake soon,\" oh, no. I had a friend of theirs killed. \"I am so sorry, I just saw a man and panicked,\" \"As you should, he shouldn't have come in the dead of night scaring us. Not like we haven't got troubles with the hood,\" Jesse moved closer trying to reassure me. The man woke like he had been asleep his black eyes matched his raven hair. He was Asian and maybe a little older than Jesse and I. But he smiled at Angus, \"Your boy, he shot me such a hospitable man,\" his voice thick with an accent. Jesse didn't care, \"Do it again too, come here at four in the morning. We have been attacked and you gave Finley a scare,\" now Hun's eyes bore into mine as he moved closer taking my hand in his bestowing a kiss to the back of my palm, just as Jesse had done. His voice sweet, \"My most sincere apologies, never would I scare such a beautiful young immortal as yourself. My name is Hun, it is a pleasure to meet you, Finley,\" he was laying the charm on, I was not used to people paying me attention. \"I am sure you're sincere,\" was heard muttered by Jesse as I spoke. \"I am sorry I caused you to be shot, Jesse is so protective, and I run to him,\" now out of the corner of my eye Jesse was smiling at Hun, his chest puffed out. Now I noticed the lack of shirt and pants, he was in boxers only now my heart racing once again. \"Angus, shall we talk,\" he spoke now to Angus as Jesse followed along with Mae as I cleaned the area that I had been reading in. It was Monday, Celia would be back tonight, her and Miles. Pathetic Finley. I moved to the leather sofa taking a seat just watching them, Jesse was red in the face and so was Hun, Mae was shaking her head her hand on her mouth as Angus gave me a weak smile. I was a problem, nothing less and a problem as the clock struck five did Mae sigh, \"we're going to get another two hours sleep. Hun, you have the spare room, Jesse and Finley please get some more sleep,\" she had this mothering tone as Jesse flopped down next to me, Hun smiled. \"See you in the morning, Měilì de yīgè,\" the last part was in Chinese and by the snarl, Jesse understood just fine. Hun smiled wider, \"Jié xī, nǐ méiyǒu yāoqiú tā,\" Jesse snapped back his long hair touching his shoulder, \"We will see, Hun,\" I was not tired anymore, as Mae and Angus are back in bed same with Hun. Jesse just fumed next to me. \"I am sorry again, Jesse,\" \"Nothing to be sorry about, you did what was right. You always should come to me, I am always here for you. Come on you need rest, \" pulling me up when my own sigh escaped. \"I have been up since two, trouble sleeping,\" \"Come here, maybe we can just talk,\" but now we are in his room, books scattered on his desk, journals too. He pulls me down, \"I don't bite, unless asked. I promise,\" his bed was warm and so comfortable. I curled into him, maybe he and meemaw cuddled at one point. \"What were you all talking about?\" \"Seems the hood are immortals, but they are a dying breed. Which Hun found out was due to the water mutating them. They found a way for young female immortals to have their offspring,\" \"Oh no, they want to impregnate us, I would love a child but not with them,\" my nose scrunched up as Jesse laughed. \"I won't let them, ever,\" the promise was laced into his tone. Like that we fall back into silence until his breathing has evened out, his face was so peaceful as he slept. I whispered, \"I know you won't,\" leaving him to sleep, I was going to cook, I have been doing so well and everyone would wake in the next hour. So, with her recipe box in hand, I make muffins, eggs, sage sausage, bacon, and last was the buttermilk biscuits and country gravy. The table set as I brought food to it, \"My dear, thank you so much. You are such an angel,\" Mae beamed at me with Angus and Hun behind her, each smiled. \"She sure is,\" Angus boosted when I chimed in. \"I will go wake Jesse,\" I walked in without knocking, placing my hand on his bare chest, feeling the slow rhythm of his heart while my own was about to burst from my chest. I gave a faint shake, \"Jesse,\" his body moved as a low growl was heard, again I shake his chest my voice louder now. \"Jesse, come on I cooked,\" his cocoa eyes blinking back the very small amount of sunlight he allowed into his room. \"Sorry, wait you cooked?\" \"Yes, couldn't sleep,\" my smile plastered on as he helped me from his bed before pulling on a gray long sleeve thermal and dark jeans, last was his socks and black boots. I spoke, \"I will just go,\" he smiled up at me, I felt the heat in my cheeks. \"No need to rush off, all done. Let me escort you to the table,\" his tone amused as we walked out and I slapped his arm. \"You're cocky,\" \"I have to be,\" he laughed as we sit with the others, at this point Hun pulls me into a conversation about ancient cities. It was all very fascinating he had such experience and was about forty years older than Jesse and Miles. Throughout the day it was seemly each trying to have my full attention, my refuge was Mae who would smile. Her words wise, \"You have had such a life you look not to understand the male specimen. Seems my Jesse has finally found you, but seems like Hun has taken a shine too,\" \"They like me?\" innocent was the tone, naïve was the truth. Mae smiled still, \"Oh yes my darling, they both do,\" Jesse liked me…Hun liked me… I just stayed close to her as she baked some granola, and fruit bars she could freeze for snacking. I felt myself sink into a state of ease, for I knew what was coming next. The impending was inevitable and I could sense it nearing. Thunder rumbled in the distance and a bolt of lightning cracked the midnight blue sky into two. Jagged flashes of pure light cast a glow against the monochromatic background. Torrential rain attacked us in sheets, impenetrable gunfire. Hun was in deep conversation with the boys, every so often Jesse or Angus would look at us girls. I just plated up some hot tomato soup with a dollop of sour cream and a grilled cheese cut in half for Jesse and Hun, as Mae did the same for her husband. I was able to take the large tray to the table where they sat talking amongst themselves, I heard a few words. \"Protect them,\" and \"over my dead body\" \"Well I think us females should be listening to this conversation, seems it is about us,\" setting the tray down giving them all a firm stare. \"Not Mae, but you yes. They need young girls, you and Celia fit their desire,\" Panic, as my eyes darted out the window, a breathless whisper came, \"Celia?\" she wasn't safe out there, only two walking in this weather with the Brotherhood after us. Jesse sighed, \"Hey now, Finley. Celia is just fine with my brother, they're due home soon. After this she and you will be safe, I promise,\" his hands rubbing my arms as I give him a pitiful look. Hun upped him, \"If it appeases you, I will personally go meet them by the river and make sure Celia comes back. I heard how you have taken to her due to your childhood,\" I spoke, \"No thank you, I shouldn't risk anyone due to my own worries. Miles is so strong he can protect her, and Jesse is right they are due home soon,\" my words failed in any emotion as my eyes lingered on the window. They all eat but my stomach was churning with worry, I was always like this and nothing would change this about me. I help with laundry, helped with any cleaning, I walked into my own room making sure it was tidy, next was Celia's and Miles, adding fresh flowers and mopping the floors for them. Next was Jesse's room, his bedroom wasn't just a mess, it was a disaster zone. It looked like a drunken cyclone had erupted in his closet strewing his clothes across the floor, then made its haphazard way across to the desk to do the same to his books and such. The only clues that this uber-chaos was human-made were the partially drunken cups of tea littered about the floor and bedside table in various states of mold growth. I set to work clearing the mason jars and mugs, taking them to be cleaned once done they hang to dry. Next was using polish on every inch of space after his clothes are in a basket ready to be cleaned, they had a washer and dryer but only used them during the winter. His room smelled of orange polish as the floors are finally cleaned. Now his dirty clothes are in the washer as winter has come, while they wash I go back to helping Mae cook supper. \"You my dear are such a help, thank you for all you do,\" she mused handing me the peeler. \"Thank you for taking me in,\" starting on the potatoes while she snapped green beans dropping them into salted water with diced ham. I added the cut spuds into the water, next I added eggs and buttermilk to a large bowl dropping in the drumsticks for her. \"Going to add his clothes to the dryer,\" alerting her before walking off with the wicker washing basket on my hip. Leaving it on the dryer going back to shift flour and her own seasoning as the batter for her fried chicken, I couldn't wait. \"Should we do some rolls or buttermilk biscuits? I have made both and froze them after molding them,\" she mused as I added in. \"Think the biscuits would fit the meal better, I will go get them for you,\" like that leaving her snapping beans as I found the first bag half filled with her uncooked biscuits. \"Thank you, angel,\" patting my cheek before taking the bag from me, the large cast iron skillet was filled with oil as it was warming up. The laundry room was next to Hun's room, so he just stood chatting with me while I folded and hung Jesse's clothes. \"You have an old soul, I know it has been only a day. But I feel you are one, not only an old soul but a kindred one,\" \"Yeah, I like it that way being an old soul makes us unique and in this day of age it is needed,\" I open my eyes wider, keeping the smile. He nods and takes a sip of his coffee before he looks at me once again. He asked, \"Would you care to one day come to China, I could show you so much,\" he had this smile, it was strong but there was something about it. \"I would love to, we can talk later. My apologies, I am helping Mae with supper and doing the laundry, if you have any just leave it on the washer and I will get it done really fast,\" trying to avoid a talk right now with much to do. \"I have, and thank you dove,\" he vanished to his room as I took Jesse's basket and hung clothes to his room to set them on his bed. I enter when behind me I hear Jesse, \"Having fun with him?\" his tone was sour. \"I am having fun, helping and talking. You could always talk to me, Jesse. You seem off today, is all okay,\" the black tee clung to his body showing his muscles. \"Just worried, I am sorry. Thank you for this,\" his hand moving around his now clean room. \"No trouble, here are your clean clothes,\" offering him the filled basket leaving him to put his belongings away. Dinner was nearly done when Jesse walked in, \"Smells great, how about I set the table,\" \"Thank you, son,\" his ma smiled at him, the love was seen when she looked at us. I smiled as well, handing him the bundle of silverware and plates, \"Thank you, Finely. After dinner care to talk with me, alone,\" his eyes now on Hun who wasn't smiling. \"Of course, you can also help me with the dishes,\" I made sure to add a plate for Miles and Celia. The food was done as we brought it out just then the door opened and Miles walked in, like that I placed the large plate piled high with chicken on the table and rushed him. \"Miles,\" with that damn smile he held his arms out and like a child, I flung myself into them as Celia walked in. Miles laughed a little, \"Miss me?\" \"Sure did, oh Celia,\" helping her with her wet coat, placing a fleece blanket around her. \"Let me get you both some warm cider, Mae and I made it not long ago. Please sit,\" dashing into the kitchen where Mae was. \"They're home, and chilled to the bone,\" taking to mugs filling them with the warm cider as Mae rushed to her family with me behind her. Celia and Miles are smiling as they talked, \"Here you both go,\" before Hun pulled my chair out, I gave a pleading look to Celia, who gave me a nod. \"So good, and warm,\" Miles kissed my head once again. It was supper time, talking and eating as Jesse filled my own cup up with cider while Hun offered me a buttered biscuit. Miles just sighed, \"Now boys, leave my daughter be. You are overwhelming her,\" it was silent now, Miles just gave me a nod. I just ate and vanished to the kitchen to start the washing, after I had folded Hun's clothes and set them in his clean room. Mae and Celia came in with the dirty dishes along with Jesse, \"Now Ma and Celia go have a sit we got this,\" he jumped into helping me. \"Sorry,\" he offered. \"Why, Jesse?\" shocked he said it to me. \"Being over baring,\" \"It wasn't you, not used to having any guy give me attention, now two were it was all very confusing,\" Jesse, bless him looked confused. \"No guy ever liked you or gave you some attention,\" I sighed, 'No, I was too skinny, too sick. My grandpa did, my father never saw me hated girl children. My butler loved me, he helped me so much.\" \"Well get used to it, you can have all my attention. If you want it,\" Before I could answer, Mae, cut in. \"Hurry up, we are having a family talk,\" Not long later he hung the last pan up and lead me from the room, \"We are done,\" but now we sit on the sofa, I was sandwiched between the two boys. We talked of the brotherhood, Miles was very angry as Jesse took him outside in the rain to calm him down as Celia hugged me, and I her. \"You girls will be safe, no one will harm my family, ever,\" the venom was so unexpected from Mae. Hun added, \"I can take Finley back home with me, we have many to guard her. Celia, is also welcome to come they will be safe. But I must leave tonight,\" Angus gave a look to the open door, \"No, Hun. We thank you, but like we talked they can't come during winter, and we are coming to you as soon as the snow clears,\" Hun looked upset but relented. \"Agreed, I will be back in February. Dove, I will show you the world then,\" but Jesse just flew at him as I let out a scream falling to the floor as the boys fought. Celia just snapped out helping me from the floor. \"Act like men not little boys fighting over a girl,\" Miles and Angus looked on, as Jesse and Hun stopped. \"Angus care to walk to the tunnel, I must go my plane leaves soon,\" Hun just placed a kiss to my lips as Jesse walked out fuming, the rain was overwhelming. I followed Hun, Miles, and Angus out seeing Jesse on the log his long brown hair plastered to his face. I just walked to him as the boys vanished into the darkness. \"Jesse, talk. Tell me what wrong,\" making my voice pleasant when I was upset they acted like fools. \"I…I think I fell in love with you. I couldn't leave you to go to California,\" \"I like you too,\" He kissed the droplets from my lips, and I felt his lips smile against mine. Jesse swept my hair aside and kissed me just over the collarbone. He nibbled at my ear and then sank himself into my arms. I hung my fingers on his waistband, dragging him closer. Jesse buried his face in my shoulder curve, his hands flexing around my back. He gave a reduced groan. \"I love you,\" into my hair. \"The happiest moment that I actually remember being.\" The insane rain had the most lovable gesture embracing me in the chilled gust of wind reminding me of my grandparents. \"You have all of me, only if I can have all of you,\" his words so low, his hands braced on my face. \"If you think you want it, then it is yours,\" \"Finally,\" Celia laughed. When your world explodes from the inside Jesse's the man you want next to you. He feels the shockwave and stays on his feet. Whatever he had to do disappears and as he refocuses on what needs to be done. He'll cover every angle and stay right there until you can breathe, walk and talk at the same time. Then he stands back and lets you get back on with your life, never mentioning your crisis again and not wanting to discuss it further. M ě il ì de y ī g è (Beautiful one) Jié x ī , n ǐ m é iy ǒ u y ā oqi ú t ā (you have no claim to her, Jesse)[Chapter 7] Here is another chapter, once my beta can she will re-go over them and fix all my many mistakes. Review. Winter trees shiver in the bitter wind, naked branches adorned with snow. Clusters of twigs, gnarled and twisted, extend like the very hands of old man winter, ready to catch the soft falling flakes. Against the dark mossy trunk, the brilliant white drifts rise in soft curves and fall again to the hidden ground. It will be some time before the trees awaken and when they do it will be a slow stirring, gradually growing unnoticed buds until finally the delicate papery leaves and blooms within are ready. I was wrapped in a blanket on the sofa staring out the massive window that was the den wall. Jesse was nestled behind me his arms wrapped around me, the fireplace mimics the warmth of the day. We sit cozily by the flame, our features illuminated by the flickering light, the only one in the room. Though the air isn't smokey we can smell the pine as it burns, just a faint fragrance to reassure our senses that there will be comfort in the long bitter winter. I had planned to venture out and make another call to meemaw soon, she was happy on our last call. His husky voice chimed into my thoughts, \"I am tired, the winter makes me feel like hibernating like a bear,\" but only mirth was heard as he spoke his fingers moved over the soft curve of my neck. \"I am not sure that me a wise idea,\" Feeling his smile on the back of my neck, \"You could join me, my room is dark enough,\" \"Not a chance, Jesse. In fact, how about we go have a little fun in the snow,\" my own tone was animated at the prospect of being in the snow, never something I have done. Jesse, he was so much more than I had ever heard tale of. Right now the rest behind me his hair pulled back in a black tie, his chest bare with gray sweatpants on. His eyes looking relaxed even if heavy-lidded. \"Anything for you, let us get warmer clothes on,\" his hand helping me from the blanket, that was now folded and returned. I dressed in a beige chunky knit turtleneck sweater with dark jeans and my brown boots, a pair of mittens and beanie on as a small knock was heard. \"Come in,\" but it was Miles a welcoming smile on his face. \"Celia and I are going to join the fun, just seeing if you were ready, little bit,\" \"Sure am,\" beaming at him, he this last month was so warm and loving, treating me as his own, same as Celia. His arm around me as we walked back into the den seeing Mae tying a scarf around Celia and Jesse, as Angus was leaning against the door smiling. Jesse stopped moaning when his eyes fell on my own, it was like we're two magnets drawn together. When a snowball explodes from the front of my sweater, I know the fight is on: duck and cover, building a stash, keeping my head down. My woolen gloves pick up snow like they want to snowball themselves, frozen crystals dangling from wild loose fibers I'd never normally notice. Already the coldness of the snow has deep chilled my fingers to a point where they no longer wish to bend. But cold or not, a snowball fight is a snowball fight and I don't give in - ever. Soon another icy ball hits the side of the tree I'm hiding behind and other whistles through the air just above my head. There's a stupid grin plastered over my face as I take my first snowball and whip my arm back to send it flying toward Jesse. Impact. I let out a whoop and the fight intensifies. The best thing I can do right now is taunt them into releasing all their missiles and then run out into the open with mine. It works like a charm. Mae her voice called, \"TIME TO COME IN, KIDS!\" like that we marched into the house where it was super warm, and Angus bless him has a tray with mugs on it. The hot chocolate is as rich as it is dark. It flows as slowly as cream as I swirl the mug. I know the bottom is a mass of sugar crystals that have reformed as it cools. It's cream saturated with sugar and I don't care. I pick up the mug as Jesse wraps his arms around me once more. \"You want some cream on top, love?\" \"I do,\" my head leaned back on him as Celia topped mine off with her fresh cream. \"I have to go with Miles and Pa into town, just for a few things. Maybe a few hours at most,\" it was darker now as my eyes plead with him. \"If you must,\" \"I do, we need one last haul. By the beginning of the week, we will not be able to do anything,\" longing was in his voice, and he was right the sheer thought of him not being here was painful, a small tingle of pain in my chest. We watched them leave, knowing supper had to be cooked much later so they could be fed. I took the brick size cell and made my way to the tree, knowing cell service was going to go very soon. My coat was buttoned to the neck with my scarf tied, climbing was difficult but in the end, I was perched on the branch. It was only three rings when, Kelly, answered her voice. \"Harper residence,\" \"Kelly, it's Finley. May I talk to my grandmother,\" Silence, it made my whole body turn cold. She finally spoke, \"Miss. Finley, your meemaw is in with the doctor now. I am sorry but looks like she won't make it another few days,\" her voice so pained. I couldn't breathe, it felt as if someone was choking me. My heart was racing and all I wanted to do was curl up into a ball and wait for someone to save me. But no one would no one was there. A choked cry for help forced itself up my throat, and I felt a drop run down her cheek. I choked, \"I am coming home,\"[Chapter 8] Here is another update, when my beta can she will look over the last few chapters and revise them. I had too. No choice… I had to see her before she went on to her next adventure… It was dark, the weather chilling me further but I remember how to get to the tunnel, and my heart sunk thinking of Jesse. He would be very angry when he returned and found me missing, Celia and Mae would worry but if I went back and tried to explain it all in no way would they allow me to leave. Even if they understood, they would protect me at all cost. I just had to and nothing was going to stop me, it was freezing as I made my way through the forest leading to the tunnel. A gaping hole in the mountain, littered with tiny sparkling crystals, not unlike the stars of the night sky, yet it was so mysterious... Inside the tunnel, darkness was an eternity. It was like an invisible force, crushing your body, squeezing the life out of you...But I walked on even as it creeped me out not having time to stop, time was not my friend now. All I had to do was get out of the tunnel and into town, get a taxi to the airport without being seen. This was a very dense place in the dark, but soon the moonlight is bright as I exit the tunnel and now it is walking into town through the forest avoiding the roads. I alter each footfall just a little to watch the effect, anything to not think about where I'm heading, where I will be when there are no more steps to take... I'm sure behind me are soft prints in the dust, slight movements of grit and stone that prove I am really here on this path... The town is still twinkling below me, and now it was time as I crept into town the boys would be here and wouldn't return home for another few hours. I just locate a small cab company who will take me to the airport, the taxi was warm and the woman was sweet as she drove off. Her voice babbled happily like a mountain river, \"So, where you headed sweetness?\" \"Alabama,\" answering her as I watched the town slipping by, and by chance, I do see Jesse. It looks like a bundle of Rose's and candies in his hands as he was laughing. This made me feel so much worse this was stupid to put myself in danger, but it was too late now. No turning back. The drive was long nearly two hours, but now back home life was a mess because of me. Saddie spoke, \"Here we're sweetness,\" with this she was paid and tipped before my body bolted into the airport. It wasn't as packed but packed enough as I finally found a straight flight into Alabama via Fairline Air. After it would be a two-hour drive to Treetop. Luck, was on my side when not but thirty minutes later my body was buckled into my seat traveling to the place of my birth. It was a Boeing 747, a jumbo jet, I felt better knowing that. I'd never heard of one crashing. I looked forward to snoozing in the upper deck first class seats, just due to fatigue and the long hike I just endured. The clouds move constantly, flowing as sheets hundreds of feet apart, yet giving the appearance of one dense layer from the land below. \"Care for a drink, ma'am?\" the flight attendant asked in a pleasant voice. I sighed, \"Orange juice. How much longer is the flight,\" knowing time has gone by and trying to not think of the fright I just gave the Tucks. I felt this horrible pain in my chest, at first it was a slight tingle, then a harsher tinkling now it is painful. I wanted to panic and run back to him but this was important and I was still my own person. Some are scared of clowns, some of heights or falling. I am not scared of any of that - not spiders, not snakes, or the dark. What scares me is being forgotten. You always have someone there, whether it's family, friends, strangers or professionals. Now, I was scared of losing meemaw and it was nothing that I could stop, not anymore. Not but three hours later, softly splashing water droplets hit the car windows as we drive onwards. The skies are overhung with a blanket of grey, so much so that I can barely tell the difference between the sky and clouds. Despite car rides feeling tedious, the rain commonly calms me - I watch raindrops race down to the windows. The occasional wave of a puddle can be exciting, but I'd rather be outside in those puddles than stuck in this car. The taxi service was great, now I stared out at the morning sky. Mellow blues and pinks blurred together in a silver mist to create another gorgeous scene. Even when the world was drowning in grief and hardship, the sky remained beautiful. That was the one thing that had kept my hopes up—if the sky remained vivid and powerful, then so could I. I prayed that she was still with us as the taxi sped off from the large manor, \"I'm home,\" was all I couldn't muster. Like I still was young the feeling of Treetop and home overcame me as I walked through the iron gates and up to the double doors of the manor. I was not a guest this was my home, so I let myself in seeing it as if I never left. Running my fingers over the banister as my feet carry me to meemaws room, the familiar scent of jasmine and honeysuckle filled the rooms. Kelly looked at me in surprise seeing me healthy and standing before her. \"Is she awake?\" Kelly just opened the door, \"Yes, Miss. Finley. You go on in Doc, said she doesn't have but two days,\" the grief in her voice was evident. Meemaw was seated up in her bed, the doctor had come yesterday, and said nothing could be done. Her skin was white as a sheet, she looked washed -out but then her eyes fall on me standing at the door. \"You shouldn't have come back, Finley. They will find you here out in the open,\" but her tone was lacking, it was not angry it was nothing. Sighing, \"I made my choices, meemaw. I am here the need to see you one last time was more than I could bare and knowing you have days left. For now, I am here with you,\" using a stern voice, I was not the sick child anymore. \"Oh, my dearest. Come here,\" her arms are frail and weak, like toothpicks. She just looked at me. \"You look so healthy now, so happy. Please tell me how it has been for you,\" Starting on my tale, \"It is something I never imagined. The Tucks are beyond what you've said, Miles and Celia treat me like a daughter and have helped ease me into this new life. Angus and Mae are just so down to earth and warm, they make you feel like their own. I have never been happier even with the attack and learning so much, I can cook now,\" so proud of myself and by her smile, she was too. \"This is everything I needed to hear, in truth now I can pass and be happy. Miles, well it brings me peace he has loved you unlike he did me. Now what about Jesse, you near speak of him,\" This was what my mind was trying to avoid. \"Jesse, well, what can I say. He is all that you talked about, but in honestly, he is so much more. Things are new now, but not with him it seems as if it was meant to be,\" her smile was what would fill my mind when she did pass. Today while she napped I would take what I wanted and have the rest in storage before signing the house over to our butler, he has been a saving grace in every way. \"He finally found you, it was always you and never me,\" Kelly walked in with medication and a green slime looking drink. I spoke, \"I will be back must make a few calls,\" I knew what I had wanted in the house, knew what I could take back to the Tucks for myself. Knew what could be left for when I signed the house over, now I had two days to get it done as a unit was rented and movers coming today and tomorrow. But meemaw sleeps nearly all day as I sit beside her, her cold hand in mine. I could hear Kelly and Gerry our butler handing out orders as I already had a large bag packed filled with our memories. By the next morning, her time was nearly at an end. \"Please, stay. I am not ready for you to go,\" Her voice frailer than before, \"You have to be my dearest, my time is up. I am going to go have some more grand adventures with your pop. You just know that I have loved you beyond all reason and logic, but now that's Jesse's job,\" she couldn't just leave me. I sobbed my head on her shoulder, just relishing in her fingers trailing in my hair. A small knock was heard on the bedroom door a signal from Kelly she was comin in. \"Miss. Finley, you have three angry people here for you,\" oh no, they found me. \"Angry people,\" Meemaw snapped out her fire back. I sighed, \"I never told the Tucks that I was leaving, just left in the dead of night while the boys were in town getting supplies,\" now her eyes are turned to me in disbelief. \"Oh, dearest,\" \"Let them up, Kelly. I am sorry for their actions,\" but she smiled walking off but now I could hear the heavy pound of them coming, the pain in my chest was less but the pain from hurting him was worse. There Jesse stood looking very livid with me, Miles just sighed coming up and snagged me up and to him. \"You ever pull a stunt like that again, my god I will kill you,\" his voice deep and hurt making me wallow more and more as Celia just kissed my forehead her tone light and understanding. \"I understand why no worries we're here and you're safe,\" her eyes landed on Meemaw. Jesse though never spoke he stared at me and the woman behind me, but in the end, he walked forward like a ghost, his face pale white. \"You don't understand, the pain and worry. I come home and you're missing all we found was your phone,\" it was so clear in his eyes, even the pain that I had caused. \"Jesse, she wears her heart on her sleeve. I don't have another day in me, she came to say her goodbyes. Now, come sit and let me see you,\" frail but stern and protective. \"Winnie, I can never say how sorry I am, but for what it is worth I am now glad you didn't drink. I found my mate in your Granddaughter,\" but now we leave them to talk. Kelly smiled, \"Kelly, are the movers done?\" \"They're and the deed is done, all you need to do is sign it over to Gerry and me,\" \"Bring me the form. I have arranged her cremation and burial she asked for me not to be there. She wants me safe away from here, I know she alerted you of something. You promised to make sure the rest or her orders are done and once there I will wire you the money. But for now it looks like this is the end,\" and it was as she died with a smile not but an hour later. She was in heaven now with my mother and pop living an endless adventure. I was still sad but as two weeks passed and Jesse refusing to talk to me, life was not what it was. I understood how I hurt him and knew how wrong it was and took my blame with grace, he had every right to be hurt and angry. But this was now too much. I need to dress and face the day as the green light alerts me it was only five am.[Chapter 9] Here is another chapter! Thank you for reading and please review. My beta is not available to proof read for another week so here is a chapter than will have some mistakes…. Here is another chapter! Thank you for reading and please review. My beta is not available to proofread for another week so here is a chapter then will have some mistakes…. Mae, Angus, Celia, and now Miles are no longer holding it against me or even upset most understood why I did what I did. The pants are cotton and loose, I just pulled on a forest green tank top and socks. Outside fun is a no go due to the now heavy snowfall. I learned to French braid my hair from Mae, but Celia should me how to make it a little messy and down the side which looked better on me. The cabin was warm now which means Mae is up and starting to fix our morning meal. Like it was a chore, I leave the room to help and it has nothing to do with her she is so wonderful. It is Jesse, us not talking and his anger was winning out keeping us from talking. I was greeted by their smiles, \"Good morning, Mae and Celia,\" trying to be pleasant but feeling so down and washed out. This was us every morning just baking and cooking, right down I was making jam for the next few weeks. It was a process that Celia was walking me through as Mae was making the sausage and smoked bacon. Celia sighed, \"Sorry dearest, Jesse is new to this mate business. And he flipped on us for not keeping you inside, he panicked and overreacted. We have watched you take the blame and cold shoulder from him and it just ain't right. We agreed you should have waited for us but you're an independent woman and he needs to see that,\" her voice firm and sweet, but letting the mothering nature creep in every word. Mae chimed in, \"She is right. There were times in the beginning Miles and Jesse ran off and scared us but we forgive and build a strong foundation. Jesse, has never really loved another female other than myself and Celia,\" she was very right but why couldn't he just forgive me. The house was filled with the smells of a freshly cooked meal, Mae left to get her husband as did Celia, which left Jesse to me. His door was shut and in no way was I just walking in at this point, so I just knocked twice. He was awake, he was dressed and his hair tied back once again. Jesse's swirling eyes locked with my own, his voice husky and rugged telling me he hadn't been awake long. \"Why didn't you just walk in?\" Snapping, \"Why would I? You have made it very known my presence is not welcomed near you for fifteen days Jesse Tuck!\" it felt like a fire was burning in my belly moving up and out of my mouth. Leaving him to just stare at my sudden departure with his mouth agape. But now I hear him following behind me with a few others but the steps not the same. Taking my seat with a tiny huff as he takes his next to me, Miles was already seated across from me with Celia as Angus and Mae joined us. The food was still very hot as we started in, Miles and his father talking of us going to Hun after the winter, they want to end the Brotherhood for good but how can that be if they're immortal. I had to ask, \"And how do you end them if they're like us, immortal. I also thought a child was not in the cards due to being immortal?\" Angus looked deep in thought as he chewed, we all were until he finally spoke. \"They figured a way, from the way I heard it. They tried to use a normal everyday mortal and the woman died before the fetus could grow and thrive outside of the womb. But they managed to capture a young and older immortal and only one survived the birth,' Jesse snapped, \"That's why they want young immortals, they can survive the birth and raise the infant,\" the anger was the most valid emotion he had these days, but at least in this, it was justified. I just continued to eat, watching and listening just as Celia was doing. \"We just keep the girls safe, Hun will help,\" Mae was right but Jesse just snarled and spat angry words under his breath. The days are long, Celia and I, we are knitting a new hobby. I and she are making a quilt using scraps of things. It was warm or going to be, but for now, this took time and we had time as Mae was now reading while the boys carve wood into things. I mean there was always something to do, we played board games and cards at night but the day was just for us. Jesse was hard at work and I couldn't see what he was working on, \"Are you okay, Miles and I are going to go have a private conversation and will be out in the next two hours,\" Smiling, \"I am great, I hope all is alright with you and Miles,\" but she just patted my shoulder with a smile leaving me alone, guess it was time to switch projects as I cleaned the mess. Mae and Angus left as well, was there something wrong that everyone needed to have conversations? I just clean up and move on to the bathroom, filling the tub with rose oil before leaving to grab a towel and panties since my clothes aren't dirty. I slide down into the water, letting it block out the sounds around me. The water was perfect the oil helped soothe me like nothing else, this was my little luxury a warm bath. The small bubbles floated around covering my lady bites when a hesitant knock was heard, \"Come in,\" I was covered enough that I wasn't too embarrassed knowing it was only Jesse since the others are off talkin. He stood now in just jeans, his hair falling from the tie he was heaven to me and mine for as long as we lived, or so Celia told me. \"Umm, can we talk,\" what is with everyone wanting to talk today. I mused, \"Mae and Celia are also talking to their men too,\" he smiled a first in days. He alerted me, \"My love, you're young and not experienced and it makes me love you more. They are not actually talking they are umm…having intercourse. But right now I want to talk as in a real conversation,' the amusement was so clear in his tone as it made much more sense now, I felt the heat of embarrassment at my naive nature. He sits on the floor next to me, his muscled body relaxed, \"I made this for you, \"in his hand was a rosebud made of cherry wood, it was covered in gloss and was the most brilliant thing I had ever seen. \"Oh Jesse, it is so beautiful. Thank you so much, my body coming from the bath to hug him, like that his arms are around me even when I was dripping wet. \"Your welcome, love. I am truly sorry for my own messed up behavior never before had I worried or had such fear. Not even with Winnie, but you, you're my life and when I found your cell it made my mind go in every direction thinking the brotherhood got you. Miles, he was the one who wanted to go to Treegap first, in the end, he was right. It was nice and put my past behind me to see Winne once more because it was never her for me,\" he was not known for being emotional, hot-headed and stubborn but this was a side just for me. \"I know I am in love with you because my reality is finally better than my dreams,\" my word honest and low afraid in some way of his rejection. His face changed turning on like the night turns to dawn. \"Your love is all I need to feel complete,\" we fell into silence even after he walked out so that I could dry off and clothes myself. At least he was looking to be in a better temperament and not so angry with me anymore, it did take long enough. The clothes are warm and after applying lotion was feeling much more relaxed, but the lingering feeling of being naive was there. I was a very sheltered child and teen it was just a product of my upbringing not a reflection on myself. Jesse was waiting in the den looking a tad bored and in no way was I very shocked, being cooped up all winter was going to be that way. But Angus said only another two months before the snow would clear and we depart for Changbai mountain or heaven lake. But for now it is us inside and we better get used to it. \"Maybe California for you would have been more desirable, you look bored,\" my voice coming from behind him, his body jumped from the sofa. \"No, it was always hard to be in a set environment for long periods of time. But it isn't as bad as I had once thought,\" Oh, \"I am not that into traveling, every once in a while, it be nice but not constantly on the move. A nice home life like this is what I have wanted,\" \"I can tell, and to me, it isn't bad this is just the first time being like this in a very and I mean a very long time. It still new to me and in honestly I worry they will still attack, we could make it to the tunnel and to town if needed that means they can too,\" never had I known this, now it was very real. I suggest, \"How about we rearrange the cabinets and straight everything before we make some supper, seems everyone is busy,\" my face just shocked at what was really going on. \"I can't cook,\" \"Oh, I will teach you,\" my own voice becoming animated as I for once dragged him to the kitchen where we started with the large cabinets, just giving it a haul, after an hour the kitchen was organized the jars, dated and in order for easy grabbing. The pots and pans hung by size as I walked back in with my hands filled. I had organized the large freezers by date, and best this stuff was used. Pork chops and some veggies. I just dethawed the chops as Jesse was watching, I mused. \"It has been hours are they not finished,\" when his arms wrapped around me. \"It takes time, and they probably fell asleep. Let's just make some dinner,\" \"First let's mix the three cheese with red peppers and spinach,\" the cream cheese, cheddar, and jack would pair well with the veggies. \"Can you cut open the pork just enough to stuff the mix inside,\" he did without complaint, this was very different he wasn't skilled like him ma. But in the end, the breaded chops are done in the oil and placed into the oven. \"This is much more work than I imagined, you three should get more credit,\" he stammered taking a seat while cleaning his face. \"We only made a single thing, get up we have rolls, veggies, mashed potatoes, gravy, and dessert still,\" we did work out and it was as if we could eat and the weight wouldn't stick. \"How about we have a conversation instead,\" \"Back to cooking, Jesse. We have time for conversation another day,\" his eyes turned bright as he jumped up until his lips pressed to my own, it was heated but we pulled away. \"As long as you will consider it,\" He peeled and I cut, he washed the corn on the cob and when done I laced it into the salted water, the gravy would be last. \"Can you get the bag of frozen rolls, dated one week ago,\" \"Your wish is my command, love,\" Soon they to are in the oven, next was a simple dessert. \"How about some Crumbled shortbread cookies and toasted pecans top succulent red cherries, just a cherry crumble,\" \"Sounds good, let's do it. Just nothing to hard, you have shown me just how hard cooking for the family is,\" It was seven when everything was finished, Jesse went and collected everyone who had been awake and showering for some time. Mae just fretted how she fell asleep and forgot to cook, but so thankful I had Jesse to help me, but now Miles was looking at the food with distrusting eyes. Celia slapped him, \"Jesse, I am sure you and Finley did an excellent job. Cooking is not easy, maybe Miles and I should do dinner tomorrow, in fact, us couple's should trade off days so us woman don't have to do it every time,\" she was firm as Angus and Miles looked forlorn. I smiled, \"I am okay with this, Jesse was such a great help,\" \"It's settled then,\" Angus just took a roll, Mae also was smiling this would be fun. I brought the fresh, warm bread to my nose, inhaling deeply. It smelled rich, promising a delightful taste. Picking up a knife, I applied copious amounts of thick, creamy yellow butter. But everyone seemed to like the supper we cooked, Miles added his mouth full. \"I assume my girl did most of the work,\" Jesse just rolled his eyes, \"Neither confirm nor deny,\" Yesterday's water was now an unbroken sheet of dark ice. The surface was glass-like and with as much give as concrete.[Chapter 10] Thank you, for reading and if you did review than thank you double. Here is another chapter hope you all like it. No more the bare wands that told of winter's magic, here come the green flags, the parade of spring in bright bloom. The chorus of the skies has called forth the promise of the earth and sunshine combined. These weeks will be as a developing photograph - the colors deepening with the richness of the season. The rain will wash warmer over each face, a freshness to open each budding smile. A female blackbird hops on the newly defrosted grass, her deep brown legs matching the soil below. She has feathers the color of every tree, of every wisp of wood that promises life to come. There is something in the way she moves, a joy, as she relishes the season change. The air is cool, but she can feel the promise of warmth within. My hands still warm in the mittens as we ready to head to town, we used Celia's skill's to make the wedding invitation's with the supplies the boys fetched us. She was skilled in Calligraphy with beautiful, flowing lettering in gold, I talked to Gerry and Kelly and they joyfully agreed to let me use the manor as the location for the reception and wedding, so today we are mailing the invitations to those we have selected to join us. Our list was complete now so much had to take place as getting a florist in TreeGap, the reception planned and who was cooking what. I knew certain places in my hometown and in April we would head there to order what we wanted, so by June 1st everything be set for us. Mae sketched the decorations and how I wanted them, Celia was keeping a detailed list of every single choice. The boys just doing their own thing, this was my first and last wedding so to me it had to be perfect. His hand twitched alerting me he was trying to capture my attention, when I glanced up at him he was smiling already. \"Lost in thought, my love,\" the way his voice was rough but husky, but silky too had me. \"Will the Brotherhood of the farlands attack or will they not risk it with many in attendance?\" my question caught him off guard now his brow was furrowed, and his hand tightened. But he stays silent as we walked through the forest to the tunnel, the Spring day was glorying after the harsh Winter we had to endure but Jesse seemed to come into his own. Miles turned back to check in on me as Celia turned with him, \"We're coming,\" with a beaming smile. Miles echoed, \"Hurry, we want to stick together right now. Jesse,\" his dark eyes had a conversation as Jesse just picked up the pace nearly dragging me over the fallen logs and large tree branches. \"But no ripping her arm off,\" Celia was stern her eyes like daggers. \"Sorry,\" he muttered. In the forest, the sky vanishes almost completely, only a few fragments of blue remain- like scattered pieces of an impossible jigsaw puzzle. The air is rich with the fragrance of leaves and loam, damp too. The mountains were covered with a rug of trees, green, yellow, scarlet and orange, but their bare tops were scarfed and beribboned with snow. From carved rocky outcrops, waterfalls drifted like skeins of white lawn, and in the fields, we could see the amber glint of rivers and the occasional mirror-like flash of a mountain lake... I touched the tree my fingers skimming the tree bark, it loomed in front of the tunnel, caught on a small thick branch was a small scrap of black fabric. I halted and so did Jesse as our other hand are intertwined. \"Jesse look,\" holding it to him like a viper he took it, his voice angry. \"PA, MILES,\" They all came running to us, looking worried. \"They made it through before us, they must have found shelter in the mountains. We need to get our things and then to town,\" plans have changed as Mae gave each of us a look. \"You're right, son. You two boys know where our safe house is, your Pa and I will go to town and mail these, act like everything is normal. They would have attacked if close, get home grab your bags and go, go as fast as possible. We will be there in one weeks time,\" her voice was firm, a stern motherly tone as she hugged us, girls, first then her own boys. Angus, his face was grim. \"Your Ma is right, go on and go,\" I was confused. But like that Miles takes Celia's hand and mine running with Jesse covering us, a gun out what type is unknown. I nodded in acknowledgment and followed Miles grueling pace without complaint. The warm spring day of the forest made me feel sticky and suffocated. Now my clothes and hair, slick with perspiration, clung to my skin. I swatted another pesky insect. Sweat rolled down my skin in thick, salty beads. I could feel my heart throbbing inside my chest. My skin felt like it was roasting. I began bouncing slightly as she jogged, which wore me out quickly. So I settled to stumbling along behind him as fast as she could. Was vaguely aware of a stinging in my leg. I was exhausted by the time we reached the large cabin. Miles bellowed, \"GET PACKED WE LEAVE IN FIVE,\" I just take the right hall to my room, grabbing my bag placing clothes, deodorant, socks, undergarments, anything I would need wrapping a picture of meemaw and me in a tee. Next was my backpack, I took the hunting knife I bought and hid from Jesse, hooking the case to the back of my jeans and pulling my sweater over it. Before I was running from the room to the kitchen. Packing jerky, fruit roils we just made, and some fruit and granola bars. Even some matches, rope and oil that would burn, wrapping it and stuffing it in before any of them came out here. Last was water, all the perishables into my back pack, it was on and Jesse skidded into the room taking the buckle and snapping it around my waist, but his own eyes wouldn't meet mine. \"Our things are okay here?\" \"Yes,\" short and a new emotion, one I had never seen on him. Celia and Miles are at the door neither looking happy, each with a bag as I took mine and rushed to them as Jesse shut the door and we took off in another direction. Miles had a gun in hand as did Jesse, Celia just looked pale taking my hand. Her voice shook, \"We will be okay, I promise you're getting married in June. But right now we flee as fast as we can, Miles wants us to run if anything happens,\" but we both knew it wasn't going to happen, we would do everything to protect them. Miles was front and center while Jesse took the rear, we are in the middle making our way through the brush. The first river was in front of us about a mile further than we would be in waist deep water, but behind us came feet pounding into the damp green county side. My feet slip outwards on the wet spring leaves as I round the corner, the cold evening air shocking my throat and lungs as I inhale deeper, faster. With each footfall, a jarring pain shoots ankle to knee, ankle to knee. Perhaps jumping that log was not the best idea. My heart beats frantically, all or nothing. Fail and my whole body will pay the price, run and the damage is limited mostly to my shins and knees. Jesse fired, the gunshots cracked into the air as loud as thunder but without the raw power of a storm. In comparison they were tinny and small, coming from one direction only. Now Miles joined in pushing Celia and me to go on but could we just leave the men we loved…NO Only six come, but we are but four, Celia pulls a gun from her back and fire's but Jesse is down as I skid to his side and plunge the knife hilt deep. I am furious seeing Jesse dead, I know he will wake but still, the sight scared me as I just kept stabbing until I was hauled off by Jesse. Being chased was nothing like the movies. The stars look heroic, sexy and in command of the situation. The reality was far removed from that pretty version of running to save your skin. My souls crash into the water a few times before I transition to the balls of my feet. My face is flushed red and my expression is just pure panic. Miles just dragged Celia, and Jesse was holding me so tight as we crossed the river when Miles yelled. \"My truck is in that underbrush,\" a sigh of relief a truck was faster than them. But there was his truck so even with them on us we drove down the very and I mean very winding road, it looked as if any minute a strong wind could blow us off. But Miles he handled his truck well as after an hour we hit a do not enter sign chains an all. It was warm but the chill of the river's we crossed chilled us to the bone. \"Starving,\" Miles grumbled as I tore open my bag handling out snacks and water much to everyone's relief. \"Thank you, little bit,\" I asked, \"Will Mae and Angus be alright?\" worry clear as day. \"They will, not worrying baby,\" Celia just put her arms around me as she turned in her seat. I was still worried…[Chapter 11] Here is another chapter for you'll to read. I was curled into Jesse who never moved his eyes trained out the window, but we left them far back my only worry was Mae and Angus. But for now, the rain beats down like stray bullets pelting the truck, snow was clearing as Miles just drove while every so often I gave snacks out until we had to stop for an actual meal. Miles sighed, \"Sorry, going to be fast food we need to get to the safe house,\" it was at least a place that served chicken, some placed called chick-fi-le or something. Jesse walked in with his brother, we just sit in the truck to wait, I asked. \"Celia, what is wrong with, Jesse,\" keeping my tone low as if he was sleeping next to me. Her eyes are so kind as she turned to face me fully, \"Love, real love changes us. It sounds like some crap vampire romance novel but it does. He finally found you and the thought or action of you gone, hurt, in danger it is painful to him. Same with Angus and Miles with Mae and I,\" she made sense and I never would want to hurt him, but this is even out of my reach. But soon they come back and the conversation is done as Miles drives off, the food wasn't horrible but a homecooked meal is better. The old house looked like a miniature fairy book castle after a typhoon had passed by. The main body of the house was a rectangle but added on were curved portions that looked like towers with grey peaked rooftops. The outside of the old house was covered in a kind of tile that had ivy crawling up. Perhaps this little kingdom was once loved and would be again, it needed a good cleaning for sure. The boys left us for supplies, Miles given a list of everything we would need as for this next week we would get the place in perfect shape. It was supper time and it was nothing fancy, just chips and sandwiches as Miles got the electric on so the fringe could be stocked. Jesse was done tired, we all are with luck everything was covered, it just looked as if it had been vacant for a few months. The next morning, we started in on the kitchen it needed a lot more work, plus this was our space. I finished sweeping and was adding pine sol to the hot water to start on the mopping and doing it the hard way on my hands and knees as Celia was scrubbing and polishing the entire kitchen, the wooden surfaces, and cabinets. After it was gleaming we move on as the boys leave, we are both scrubbing floors in the sitting room when they leave. It had only taken two full days to have the little castle stocked and cleaned, now we felt better this place was not a permanent house, it was their little safe nest. It was smaller, only three rooms so now with Mae and Angus due in four days guess, Jesse and I would be sharing a room. That was very scary but we are getting married in June, so it was only a matter of time. But Celia said we didn't share until Mae and Angus arrived, but my stuff was stored in his room everything nestled into place. There was a gate of rough wood was as big as a cow and ivy cascaded over the fence, growing tendrils in every direction. The stone path was punctuated with flowers after every stone. The manicured lawn was more grass than moss now and was overshadowed by huge weeping willow flowing down onto the dank and squishy ground. Clusters of defiant daffodils reared their golden heads amidst the gloom and there were smatters of fuchsia alongside the scarlet and saffron-hued primroses. I liked to walk out here, it was right out of a fairytale, I could be a Princess waiting on her Prince charming, but here and now I had found him. Jesse, he just smiled his body leaning against the willow with his arrogant smile, it was my favorite smile. \"Sorry, Finley. I know I haven't been pleasant to be around,\" Like that he just holds me impossibly close, \"You're scared,\" the words coming out as a whisper, hesitant of his reaction. \"I was, I am. It isn't an emotion I ever really had, scared of my family being hurt, yes. But the worry, pain, scared is all new and encompassing with you,\" the raw truth and emotion he was showing was welcomed. \"I am safe, we're all safe,\" but are we, I don't know and neither does Jesse. During the day we just talk, read, and have fun. Jesse was giving me a look, \"I have to go for a week the moment ma and pa come. I have things to settle,\" he did have a life before this and maybe some of his affairs had to be in order just mine had after meemaw had passed. All I could do was agree, \"Well be safe. I rather you did not leave at times like these but affairs have to be in order before anything can move forward,\" \"You ever just going to tell me no?\" My snort is louder than normal, \"If there is logic and things that have to be done, than no. Once we're married and the brotherhood is done then I can just go with,\" like that he was leading me into the house he and Miles are fixing the roof while we ladies whip some supper up now that the little castle is cleaned and stocked for the next two weeks. Celia was already in the kitchen, it was six already so a late supper it was as I started in on frying the chicken. Her hands are covered in dough she used her elbow to turn the water on, \"I have the beans boiling and the pie is done, what else?\" I smiled, \"How about we use the left-over potatoes add some sour cream, cheese, and cooked bacon. Cover them in egg then bread crumbs and fry them up?\" it sounded good in retrospect. \"I will do the bacon, grade the cheese, baby girl,\" another new culinary recipe was underway in the Tuck kitchen, they smelled so good as they fried in the oil. Celia called, \"Boys set the table,\" Dinner was great, but not having Mae and Angus missing was scary. None of us knew so it was weighing on us all. I knew Miles and Celia are worried sick, so was I, Jesse seemed angry all the time. Miles and Celia are laying by the fire while she read, behind them, we lay on the sofa just watching the fire blazing. The flames curl and sway, flicking this way and that, crackling as they burn the dry wood. It's so good to feel their warmth at last, even if is from only one direction. We watch in hypnotized joy, holding hands his breath touching my neck. \"Can you start sleeping with me tonight, it be nice to have before I left,\" I felt a ping of worry. \"You comin back, right?\" He bolted up giving me a look of disbelief and anger. \"I will be back, seven days,\" his tone was like an angry ball of husky energy. But after he just lays back down pulling me flush against his back, his long hair touching my cheek. \"I will, just Jesse. You need to start acting right, I know how you feel but you see me acting a fool. I am going to go change, I am dead on my feet,\" my body sore from the actual work that we had put into this fairytale. I was writing with Celia how this place could improve, the grounds are large, it was a Snow White fairytale. People can grow strong enough to whisper at the iron bars that hold them and see them bend out of their way, like the craziest magic. That's what love can do: fix souls, fix brains, cure us all. I left my now dirty clothes in the wicker basket, only pulling on the pastel blue, light cotton sleep set the shorts not very long but this was bedtime not like I was going outside in this. But with a deep breath I walked out to brush my teeth and hair, Celia was in the same state everyone getting ready for bed. Miles warned us there was ample protection here, that we shouldn't leave the grounds. Jesse was waiting in the room, in only his sweats, it brought jitters and my nerves turned to fire. This was new and welcomed, but still new and anything new was sure to cause this reaction. But Jesse he just smiled as the door closed behind me, \"Finally,\" but it was in a joking manner. But then everything flipped. He was the only healthy drug there is, the one that puts my mind into a frenzy of sparks. The simple touch of his hand leads me into moving in ways I never learned but know so well. The feelings rock my head backward as he kisses my neck and pushed his body into mine; they engulf my senses and steal away my worries. At that moment I am only alive in the present, all thoughts of past and future melted away. This medicine Jesse brings heals me, and though I am addicted I feel safe because he was equally addicted to me.[Chapter 12] Here is another chapter. I own nothing, no money is being made. Review? Time slowed once more, as if my brain needed a \"photograph,\" a keepsake to give her strength in the rough times to come. Jesse, he was leaving today he stood at his motorcycle with the black bag pack on. His long hair touching his shoulders as his Ma and Celia wait with me by the front door, Miles and his pa are with him talking in low whispers. I hated to see him go, worry and dread filled me we're in dangerous times, but he said this couldn't wait. The pain I carry in my chest is inexplicable. Seeing him leaving from me hurts a lot. Even though I want to hold him and keep him by my side for a longer time, he has to do this even with the danger we're facing. Jesse stood in front of me, my eyes burning with unshed tears. His husky voice chimed in gaining my attention. \"You soothe with your love, with your silliness and outright cheek; I love you for it. You soothe with a caring that never relents, never gives up. One look from you and I am whole, the rain stops, the wind ceases. You are a perfect summers day in a floral garden, fresh rain on the petals. Yet you forget that I've never had that before, not like this, so how can my mind not tumble and fall?\" the words low whispered only to me. He continued, \"I will be back never worry about that, I am coming home to you,\" I prayed he did. I did everything for the next week to forget he was gone, cleaned and re-arranged our room. Helped Mae and Celia with the washing, cooking, anything to keep my mind focused. I was hoping he be home today, it was the eighth day, so he had fresh clothes on the bed for after his shower. It was still early in the day, so I walked from the room in my jeans, sneakers, and a light tank top since we're fixing the garden today. Mae said it just needed some love, Angus and Miles are building on to this place making it look more like a Snow-White castle. Celia just gave me another look telling me to sit and have a small bite to eat, but it is painful to be away from Jesse. I sighed sitting, \"I am just not hungry, my stomach and chest hurt,\" moaning like I was sick again, and in some ways, it felt like I was. Mae looked worried, \"I am sorry, my dearest. Jessie is due back today after you will be right as rain. This is why we always stick with our mates, we never wish them to hurt,\" I felt a small snap in my temper, grumbling. \"Than why did he up and leave, he knew it hurt me like this. Is this payback for leaving to see my grandmother one last time?\" it hurt, he knew it hurt me, was whatever he needed to settle so important. Miles was the first to answer, his tone relaxed but firm in a stern way. \"Finley love, it was not meant to be intentional. Young and dumb,\" I just ate a few bites before helping Mae do the dishes. I was being a baby over this, it was a little pain and I have felt pain. The sun finally shines above the sky after dreadful clouds covering it for weeks. It seems to have had a gorgeous makeover while hiding behind in its private room. The yolk looking sun has turned from yellowish brown to golden. Everyone is coming out and enjoying the warm and beautiful day, feeling the gentle heat. The ivy is a right pain but I've gotta admire it anyway. It doesn't care what the obstacle is, it just goes right up and over. Without it the wall would still be beautiful, how could natural rock not be? But with the ivy, it's right up there with my favorite things in life. I can't let it take the wall down though, and left unchecked that's what will happen. So pruners in hand and gloves on, I take a careful look. It'll bounce back no matter what I do, but I want it to still be healthy when I'm done, not look like some lawn-mower went over it. Celia was dealing with the jewel of the Garden at the very center is an apple tree, Mae is tackling the plants and flowers putting good soil down, it was looking better by the time they went in to start supper. I just cleaned up and headed in with them, washing my hands up to the elbows so we could cook. Now I was feeling giddy he was going to be here soon, I wouldn't be moody or in pain. I glanced out the window, thinking I saw something, but it was only a flash. \"Miles!\" calling with a tone of panic, something was out there. He say's, \"What's wrong, I am right here,\" in a soothing tone, but my face is pale. \"Something is out there, I saw a flash of clothing,\" he vanished saying nothing, Angus with him as Mae went to her own room returning seconds later with guns, I took one if they found us this time was different. I walked with them to the open door, but once close enough yelling was heard. I bolted out with Celia, the gun was up as Miles and Angus are hauling ass to us. But behind them, the Brotherhood materialize from the forest, too many to take on, too many to count. We are divided, I try, god help me do I. A cold, dead voice called out. It was as if the dead were speaking it made every hair stand on end, \"Give up now, we only want them,\" Mae was in his grasp, I panicked. My eyes travel to Celia who was now behind Miles. Jesse, he lunged from behind taking him down, his Ma rolled to her left getting her gun. It was not working this time, too many for so little of us. I am out of ammo, only my knife to attack this means getting closer, my eyes follow Jesse he is in kill mode. I let out an anguished cry seeing Celia being held up by her hair, his long un-natural fingers curled in it. \"How about now, we take just her, we leave this one and the rest in peace. All we want is her,\" now they point at me. We are done for, in no way will we make it out, one for the better of four was worth it. Celia would be safe. I drop the knife at my feet, \"You let her go, and I will come willingly,\" This pleased them as he tossed her into a rock, Miles snatched her right up but so much pain on his face. \"Finley, no,\" he warned. \"They have too many, we will not win. Me for all of you, I can live with that,\" trying not to make eye contact with Jesse. But his voice bellows, \" You touch my girl, I WILL KILL YOU ALL!\" his voice grew louder and louder than it was cut off, I turn seeing him dead in the grass. \"You tell Jesse I love him more than I ever could myself. I have to, my ma is safe now,\" she was, by all means, my mama, she was always there for me and always would be. Her anguished cries tore through the night, Mae joined in. The fear traveled in my veins but never made it to my facial muscles or skin. My complexion remained pale and matt, eyes as steady as if I were shopping for shoes. Letting out an understated sigh and turned to leave, showing that I wasn't afraid to turn my back as the Brotherhood followed behind me. I was doomed…..[Chapter 13] Here is another chapter! Have a good read and try and review. A vast blanket of white hung heavy over the hills. It suffocated every building and every tree at their base, swallowing every distant object and vanishing around every corner. It crept around St. Andrew's church, its silent footsteps tiptoeing around each gravestone in the churchyard, passing by Thomson and Rupert and many others, before finally coming to rest at the foot of a freshly covered grave. Another failed test subject, I sit in a room. No longer is the door open, no bright light comes from the hallway. No handle, no way out. Four concrete walls, a linoleum floor, a toilet with paper and a bed with a plush mattress - this \"seclusion room\" is a prison cell by another name. There is nothing to hold my mind or attention. Outside this room could be anything, anyone. There is nothing even to mark time. Would someone come in five minutes or five hours? Would I know the difference? The panic is no less, trapped is trapped. Disembodied eyes peep through the only window, a mean rectangle of glass in the flat iron door. I am stronger my will, will hold. I snap, \"Come in here and talk to me, tell me why you do such vile things to innocent girls,\" anger, my tone was like a whip tearing into him. A few have spoken to me, asking if I am hungry, shower or something else along those lines. But this was my day, nothing lucky about it the figure walked in my guesstimate he was nearly 6'7' same cold skin tinged with blue. I could hear the Caribbean lilt to his voice when he spoke, his body feet from mine in the small reading chair. \"Are we so different than what Scientist do?\" I countered, \"It is not the dark ages where they kidnapped people to experiment on, now a day's people offer themselves to better science. You do it for another reason,\" I noticed they're just faintly blue, but other than that they are not what they made themselves seen as. \"True. Miss. Harper, we wish you no harm. I am Gunner,\" I gestured to this room, and myself being here. He smiled, \"We try to make every female comfortable. We need to find out why we're like this when you are normal in appearance after drinking the same water we did long ago. Experimental research is the most appropriate way for drawing causal conclusions, regarding interventions or treatments and establishing whether or not one or more factors cause a change in an outcome. This is largely due to the emphasis on controlling extraneous variables. If other variables are controlled, the brotherhood can say with confidence that manipulation independent variable caused a changed in the dependent variable,\" he was well spoken and educated. I was too with all my own reading and schooling it was like clockwork knowing some facts to use. I looked him in the eyes, a shade of brownish black, I was no longer afraid of them. \"You stated in your own words, the appropriate way for drawing causal conclusions. That is just it casual, not full proof unlike what you want from this,\" I took another deep breath. \"Experimental research can create artificial situations that do not always represent real-life situations. This is largely due to fact that all other variables are tightly controlled which may not create a fully realistic situation. Because the situations are very controlled and do not often represent real life, the reactions of the test subjects may not be true indicators of their behaviors in a non-experimental environment. Human and you're still human, the error also plays a key role in the validity of the project as discussed in previous modules. It may not be really possible to control all extraneous variables. The health, mood, and life experiences of the test subjects may influence their reactions and those variables may not even be known to you lot,\" keeping my gaze firmly on him, trying not to show the need to look away. They're a puzzle and in understanding also wanting to find out why they turned out a just a tad different than the rest of us. I finished, \"Experimental research is a powerful tool for determining or verifying causation, but it typically cannot specify \"why\" the outcome occurred. I am very well educated, and I am sure you have watched my Grandmother and myself for years and you know my medical history, I am the least likely to be able to help in your gene research,\" Their insincerity may be unconscious — actually being blind to their own true but uncomfortable inner reasons or motivations. He stood now looking on the small window, \"You've honestly been the first one to counter my argument, the rest cry and plead. We release you after you bare child, the child is taken care of we love them as our own until they reach a good age seeing as how they're not immortal like their parents or at birth they're not. Seems the waters will not take to them until at least age sixteen and above a wise God created the waters,\" \"A wise god?\" A simple head nod was all I was offered in return. \"Yet, you stand to question this God's judgment. Cyanosis can be a factor on the skin colorization. You will never find the answers, it is fruitless. You should go buy an island and live happily on it and just live the life you should,\" \"Perhaps you're right,\" but doubt he thought so as he strode from the room leaving me once again alone in the secluded room. Days later, or months finally I am next. Now fear, I can feel the sweat drench my skin, the throbbing of my own eyes, the ringing screams vibrating in my ears, and the thumping of my heart against my chest. My fingers are curled into a fist, nails digging into my palm. I can't hear my rapid breathing, but I can feel the oxygen flooding in and out of my lungs. Hesitantly, my eyes look at the dead corpse before me as they walked me to another room. The girl had to have been around my age, but her journey was short. I stammered, \"I thought we couldn't die?\" \"She will come back soon enough, she will be cleaned and release to return to her tribe or family. You should worry about yourself, Finley,\" \"How can one be so selfish as to only care about themselves when you parade around with some false sense of justice. Not caring who you hurt, kill or destroy. You might not think so but every woman that carry's your offspring bonds with that child and you rip them apart while you play god,\" the words becoming more firm and hateful as I continued. Gunner was not like the rest he came daily and spoke to me, brought foods that I might like, we talked for hours he hoped by changing my environment making me less stressed it change the outcome of the infant. Gunner wore a white lab coat, seems he is either the leader or as high as the leader. In this dimly lit laboratory, nothing but the machines meet my first gaze. There is no movement and no odor of any kind. There are lights, but like the stars, in a night sky, they do little to lift the blackness, showing only the activity of the hardware - plasma screens of gigantic proportions with text that's too far away to make sense of. Though I am inside, the feeling is more of being in a high-tech cave the size of a stadium, black metal roof above, the black metallic floor below. I am placed in a gown and strapped to the table, Gunner spoke. \"the process of fertilization by extracting eggs, retrieving a sperm sample, and then manually combining an egg and sperm in a laboratory dish. The embryo is then transferred to the uterus,\" so caring for his role in hurting me. Soon it was just he and I alone while the female and male who's names are unknown go to wash up. \"Take rest in knowing, this sample was stolen three years ago from one J. Tuck while he was captured in Hydro. Not all of us want the same goal, I might have figured a way to end the blue ones,\" but soon enough his words are cut off when the others walked in. \"Master is everything ready,\" she was giddy, she was going to try and take my baby. Snarling like a rabid pack animal, this new powerful emotion taking over. \"It is my child, you will never get your greedy paws on them. I will find a way to kill you,\" sounding so feral and brave until the gas kicked in and I was gone, but her own angry face was lingering. When I finally woke, I was in my room. This was not how Life was supposed to be after another three months had passed it was evident, I was with child. Every day, I planned to escape staying and having my child taken was hurting me. I hurt daily with having Jesse far from me, but now this added to it making it all-encompassing. I wanted to kill whoever had termed it 'morning sickness. Feeling like I had the most terrible cancer of all the time. I was nauseous and liable to vomit at the slightest provocation. And it lasted all damn day. How could anything so natural feel so bad? It was worse than gastric flu, at least with the flu you knew it would be over in a few days. This could go on for another seven months. Gunner came daily having chats, he wasn't bad just misguided he needed a friend while I needed to feel not so alone. I now had a clock, the red laser lights flashed half passed one in the morning when the slight click of my door was heard, no one walked in. My god! Now I could hear wailing as something heavy was tossed onto my bed. \"Put it on, you have five minutes to get out the gas will kill you and you will not be coming back. After get far from here since the faculty will blow in less than five minutes. This is my way of making amends,\" it was Gunner's voice seeing the mist skirting closer, a gas mask covered my face. I wore only shorts and a tee, but if this was my chance in no way was, I turned it down. I had no way of knowing the way out, I reach the navy double-doors with their plastic band fastened midway and their dull chrome handles. I pull my eyes from the highly polished linoleum floor to catch a glimpse of the hallway that stretches beyond, cut into tiny squares by the thin wire in the window panels. Without pause, I push with my body weight, but I needn't have, it swings open soundlessly and with ease. A draft of air hits my face, warm and with a tincture of bleach. Ahead of me lie magnolia walls, decorated with old black and white photographs. Some are already dead as the shutters are covered with metal preventing any escape. I worried, was the way out bared from escape as well. But after stumbling through the dead and long hallway's a door opens, by some invisible person. The air hits me making me shiver but it smells so good. I have no idea where I am, the faculty was built long ago, like the city that surrounds it. Outside the streets were built for horses and carts, they are narrow and twisting. I don't stop, I know behind me woman, children, and others are dead or dying and I was the only one let out, it was my prayers being answered that we both would survive together. The town is dark but all I need to do is find the name of the town, and maybe a local payphone. A gust of dry wind winds through the maze of ancient houses where windows have long shattered in the weakness of their structures and rotting boards, some broken, others hanging try to cover the empty eyes of every abandoned home. Doors hang on the few threads of their hinges and groan with pain at every sway. Weeds socialize across the cracking asphalt of every road, gathering and laughing at the lone pedestrian as they try to weave around the catching fingers with every step. I stopped at some random old market seeing an old newspaper so much relief hit me, it was Bicker it was a Ghost town about forty-seven minutes from TreeGap. They were well hidden here, I could see the thick dark smoke billowing into the night sky. I couldn't call anyone, but I could hike to TreeGap, it was cold but nothing was going to hinder me from reaching Kelly and Gerry. Tears blind me and I turn, running as quickly as my long legs can carry me, bolting the road was a no go. I took to the woods, feeling the pain in my feet as branches, needles and anything else cut into the soft flesh. Keeping my hands on the small round bump trying to keep the baby safe, the sky changes color telling me sunrise was soon coming. I wheeze as a feeling is burning my lungs gasping for air. Legs starting to feel numb and unsteady, painfully sore. My throat feels dry, so uncomfortably dry. My worn clothes and long blonde-brown hair clings to my form, no different than if I run through a rain-storm. I was dirty but below me was home, a place that would always be home to me. I knew the way to the manor now, I was in pain but forged on seeing the worth iron gate and with luck the code entered was still right, they never changed it. Kelly and Gerry always said this was my home and was welcomed back. But by her pale face, she was not thinking it be under these circumstances. \"Get in child,\" her eyes darting around looking for the danger I was running from. The manor was warm as Gerry was wrapping me in a fleece blanket, \"What happen?\" stammering. I just collapsed on the leather sofa, my body shaking as Kelly pressed hot chocolate into my hands, giving me such a look. \"What did my grandmother tell you?\" Kelly only sighed as Gerry spoke, \"You can't die and are in danger, some type of fountain was found and she had you drink, the ramblings of an old lady,\" his smile was kind. Kelly, she looked to believe it though, her eyes on me. \"It is all true, never just ramblings. I can't die anymore she wanted me to finally live but months ago maybe six I was taken and experimented on. Not by our government but other immortals who never bonded with the water. I am having a baby, right now just need a shower, clothes, food, and cash. All my cards, cash, and everything is at my home the one I was taken from,\" Kelly stood, \"Come on, Gerry go pull her some money out. I told you Winnie was not telling tales. Look at little Fin, she is healthy, we both know she would have died so long ago from cancer. I am getting her cleaned and fed up,\" her tone was firm with her husband who left the house in his sleep clothes, he finally understood. I was feeling better now after the shower, clean clothes, socks, and boots on. I was resting in the kitchen as she was cooking my belly was grumbling as she laughed. \"I knew you, Fin. You were meant for great things, when we die we want to sign the house back to you so keep in touch,\" playing up some eggs, English muffins, hash browns, and ham. I answered after taking a bite, \"I have no plans on staying away, you and Gerry are the only family that I have left. I just need to get to Jesse, was going to come here and ask if I can get married here in June. But guess we're pushing it back to next June, what day is it,\" my tone so dead, I was tired but had to go the sooner Jesse and I reunited the faster the pain would leave us both. \"October 21,\" it had been so long, my heart dropped nine months had gone by without me even knowing. They kept the dates, time, everything away from us to keep us secluded. I ate, while they watched eating their own meal's but now it was nearly eight in the morning and time for me to leave. Kelly held keys to me, \"Take the old Ford, it runs damn good. You just bring it back when you come to see us,\" her tone so caring as her arms hugged me close, Gerry looked torn when he spoke. \"Maybe you should stay we can keep you safe, we don't want to lose ya,\" I hugged him as tight as I could. \"I have to let them know, I will be back and will be married here like granny before me,\" I knew the way to the safe house and it was only hours away so with snacks packed from Kelly, a full tank I drove out of TreeGap.[Chapter 14] Here is another chapter, thanks for reading ! I was bone tired, everything hurt mostly my back and feet. Kelly gave me a check-up, all the old medical equipment still in the back ballroom, the baby was fine doing very good. The heartbeat was on par, I was a good weight, everything was fine but still, worried Gunner fibbed and this was not Jesse's baby but Kelly said a test could be done up. The path doesn't care about the terrain, that's for me to deal with. The path is the path. So whatever comes I keep going. When I get knocked down I have to get up, 'cause there's no other way. I know what's out there though, I know 'cause the universe told me. It said \"just walk\" and so I did, I still do. It says at the other end is peace, real happiness for everyone, and I gotta keep going even if the path makes me bleed. Sometimes it has, sometimes so much I just wanna stay down and feel the cold... then I remember why I started this journey and find my feet again The road lay before them like a tarmac ribbon; albeit, one that had been worn over time. A white line ran down the center, relatively unbroken compared to the scarred and potholed concrete. I was so close now, I munched on some jerky but after this, all the food was gone, but I would be able to eat Mae and Celia's cooking. I turned right onto the long-forgotten gravel path, the truck had just enough room as I after another five minutes saw the little castle. My feet could not carry me any faster, but all I was welcomed too was the house with everything covered in white. They left to regroup with Hun, I had one other place to try and if they were not there than I could stay until they returned, that was their home. Once in another small town, I walked through the local market putting some fresh fruit, snickers bars in honestly a lot of them, some random drink and chips, but wanting another homecooked meal was mouthwatering but stopping was not going to happen. I focused and with the brain and good memory I was blessed with, I drove the roads Miles once did. It was dark again, but I drove on knowing by light I will be at the river. I was determined to reach the homestead by noon even if I couldn't walk after. Days without sleep are starting to bother me, I wanted to just sleep but the need to find Jesse was all consuming. The sun rose like a flower opening, gifting its petals unto the world. Amid the dancing, raindrops were the blush of scarlet, the warmth of tangerine. Gazing toward the illuminated clouds, still beneath the ethereal glow. On the left was the sign, it was chained up again as I walked to it, letting the right side of it fall into the mud before getting into the cab and driving past it. Only to repeat and hang the sign back up letting no one see me do as such, my back was hurting and knowing I was not going to last much longer had me moving from the cab for the last time at least for a few days. Last time we were running for our life's, but now I walk keeping my balance my hands braced on the bump protectively. It was easy to walk through the green lush land but the trees are littered with autumn leaves in varying colors of yellow, brown, an orange-red hue. I knew the river was coming and after that a straight shot to the hidden land and cabin, that a movie star would envy. When I get to the river my heat sinks. It is wider than I've ever seen, flowing swift and strong. The water is a turbid white the banks it usually passes by so softly. Branches have been blown in by the storm. The water eddies around them, but not that relaxed way water usually does, but harshly, more like mini vortexes. In the rain that still falls the surface is pitted so thickly that the radiating ripples cancel one another out. Adding to the torrent coming from the stone-grey sky is the melt from the mountains to the East. This river is not what I prepared myself for, but there is one way to the cabin and this is it, I ebb into the freezing water feeling it hit me with grand force. This was too hard as I grabbed a large boulder and tugged myself feeling a branch cut into my skin but was so close as tears streamed down my face this was just too hard. Struggling to the other side was the rapids nearly had pulled me under was a feat, but now every bone was chilled. \"Come on Finlay, we have to get out of the cold. All your clothes are there, just get the heck up,\" talking to myself when all my body wanted to do was cave and sleep in the cold. But on fawn legs I walked, seeing the cabin but what got me was the black smoke coming from the chimney, someone was there. I stumbled to the floor once but got right back up filled with happiness. I shook from fear, cold, happiness everything as I touched the door handle, smelling food cooking. All I could do was call out, \"MAE, MAMA?\" My legs gave and I went down like a sack as the fear-filled face of Mae came from the kitchen, but for me, I was safe now. Her warm hands touched my face, \"MY GOD, THANK YOU! HOLD ON GOING TO GET CELIA, her tone loud as she bolted to the back rooms, laying my head on the wooden floor ready to pass out. But soon the pounding was heard as it vibrated through the floor when a scream was heard before Celia's face was next to mine. \"Mae we need to get her to her room, she is soaked,\" feeling them trying to lift me, using the last of my strength as we made it to my room where they got me some jammies, I just stripped seeing their shocked faces. \"Not slept in days,\" but it was the small round bump that had them shocked, not my resemblance to a zombie. The bed was warm as I was covered trying to stay awake, \"Jesse?\" Celia answered as Mae nearly tripped coming back in with a tray filled with food. \"They're hunting for the hood, should be back in town for three days in about two days. You just rest my darling, you need rest,\" but the food was the best, and I just shoveled it down like I had not eaten since the last time we saw each other. In truth, food was given but not enough, so after Mae took the tray coming back in with a kit. \"Finley, you just rest. Going to clean the wound on your feet and arm,\" I launched into the explanation of everything, from being taken to today. Celia sobbed, \"She was alone, not fed up, she was alone and scared,\" there was no denying it but Mae calmed her but that was the last that my eyes saw, soon it was blackness. I don't remember dreaming, but when I woke again it was bright out but both girls are in the room Mae was writing while Celia was sewing something. My throat was dry as a bone, sounding like I crawled through the Shari desert. \"How long was I out?\" Mae was up with a glass of sparkling water while Celia hovered. \"Just two days, I was getting ready to head to town and wait for the boys,\" Mae smiled as Celia took my hand into hers. The anxiety is like being hooked up to a cattle fence - not enough voltage to kill but sufficient to keep things uncomfortable. I spoke, \"Gunner he told me in secret that when Jesse was taken in Hydro, his sperm was taken. But a test is in order,\" Mae looked paler, her body flopped into her chair with eyes wide. \"He was taken, but they let him go. Celia feeds her up, time is not to be wasted. How far along are you?\" Answering, \"Fourteen weeks, I have nothing for the baby. I have to get better and go into town,\" it hit me we had nothing for the baby, the baby would need so many things. Celia sighed, \"You have time, we will all make sure the little bit has whatever they need. They'll be safe, loved, and taken care of,\" but they both leave as I get to my feet needing to pee something awful, the green tank top is tight now as it stretched over my belly, the black pants are still good as I stand to brush my teeth and hair, looking better but feeling so drained. I move from the bathroom heading to Celia seeing if mama needed help, but her eyes are stern as she sees me. Holding up my hands, \"Needed to move, and use the bathroom. You need help?\" offering her my assistance. A wooden spoon was pointed at me, \"Go to the den and sit, cover up its chilly. Lunch is coming darling,\" I was in no way stupid, she would hit me with It, so I leave her taking up the sofa with my feet tucked under me with the black and red fleece blanket. Grilled cheese with steak, cheese, and potato soup is resting in front of me while Celia eats alongside me. She is worried by the look on her face, scared and worried that I die when the baby came along. There is a kind of waiting that feels like gentle onshore breezes kissing salty stones. It isn't warm but there is a sense of calm, of nature, of things expected. Then there is the kind that feels like the head of a medieval mace is loose in my guts and my head has taken a beating with a hefty plank of wood. As I wait to see if Jesse is coming home. Celia just holds my hand rubbing small circles on the back of my small hand, when I take her hand and brace it on my hard belly. Her fingers move over it on her face is a smile, \"Our family is complete now,\" she mumbled her eyes on mine. \"It has been hours, soon they should arrive. I am going to finish supper,\" she walked away, he left to cook a few times, but with them coming it needed to be completed. I just don't have it in me to move from the sofa, I wanted to help and not be a lazy girl. She smiled coming back in as I glance up from my book seeing her eyes on the window, I gazed up seeing men running. I tried to stand but my legs gave as I hit the sofa, Celia gasped hitting me with the rag before helping back down covering me. But right then the door opened Miles his eyes found me, he hugged me and kissed my head just holding me as if I might disappear once again. \"My baby,\" his voice worried but then all the pain faded, other than the pain from the baby or my escape. Jesse stood looking wild, \"FINLEY?\" disbelief colored his tone, but he was in my arms both sobbing as Celia hugged Miles, Angus, and Mae smiling arms link around the other. His eyes filled with tears as he cupped my face, \"I love you, never stopped looking for you.\" \"I know,\" knowing he would never have stopped because I never would have stopped looking for him. Dinner for once was in the den, I was just too drained for more it has been a hard week for me. The chicken was perfect, Jesse just pushed his own around, and if he wasn't going to eat it I was. Taking his plate and replacing it with my empty one, \"I was taken, they knocked me out and with a test, we will find out if they took my sperm. I don't care, Fin, this is our baby,\" smiling with tears in my eyes deep inside the fear was eating at me he rejects the baby. Jesse scooped me up carrying me to his room, I was tired and didn't want to leave his side. His room was dark and cool as he set me on the bed before he striped getting in beside me. \"Sleep, you need your rest. I will be right here when you wake,\" praying he was, that this was not some elaborate dream.[Chapter 15] Here is another chapter, thank you for reading. Down they come like multicolored rain. Golds, reds, and browns. They are a myriad of shapes and sizes, these leaves that clothed the trees. Now they are discarded like last season's fashions and left to become part of the soil. But before that happens they make the most splendid mosaic that is unique in all the world. Yet I am here to witness it at this moment. My hands pressed to the growing bump, Jesse and the rest have taken such good care of me during this last three weeks. Celia was knitting as we speak, she mumbles her Grandbaby was now nearly eighteen weeks, her fingers flying. Miles, Angus, along with Jesse are building a grand crib the design Mae drew was a sight to behold and centuries of skill are being put to work. I sit looking at the baby books Jesse picked up for us, but reading this made the concept of having a baby much more worrisome and scary. But we all knew April 20th would be rushing towards us, even now at the middle of November. I was thrilled to be helping with Thanksgiving dinner, Hun and a few others would be here as well. I along with Mae and mama have been writing a detailed list, I would be heading into town tomorrow to gather supplies knowing winter was here once again. Mae gave me her promise she would deliver my child, and that she had done it many times. Celia even when her face was red and tears leaked down her face promised she and daddy take the baby and raise it like their own if anything happened to me and Jesse was not able to care for it. I turned to look at Jesse he was outside with daddy, and Angus cutting and sealing the wood for winter. His body was just glistening with sweat, my eyes lingered on the way his hand went through his now damp hair moving it from his eyes. Speaking of those eyes, the seemed to glow with happiness every time he looked at me. They swirled with love and adoration, it bothered me we would not be married when our child was born but that was a worry pushed away for it was not important. A thought ran through my head and instead of just thinking it, my voice rang clear. \"I want to get an ultra-sound tomorrow if possible, I want to know the sex and so does Jesse,\" Mama and Mae gave me soft looks. Fingers so soft touched my head, \"Of course you do my sweetling,\" Mae also was mush around me as her voice chimed in close behind me. \"Of course, we will get it done we all want to know,\" we knew Mae and the boys wanted a little boy while Mama and I wanted a little girl. \"Thank you, not just for this but for being there for me during this whole issue,\" it had meant the world to me that they were always there for me, at times a tad overprotective. Last night Jesse put his foot down that I was allowed in town, being cooped up here was going to happen enough in the winter. At night I was curled into Jesse, his arms wrapped tight around me just holding me close to him. Sometimes he spoke his fears out loud and other times like tonight he just looks at me with fear, we both knew I or the baby could die. Gunner said my chance was nearly perfect to make it but there was a chance I would die and never wake. Nothing could be said to calm him, my eyes fluttered shut my body drained from the day behind me. By ten in the morning, I stand in blue jeans with my boots on, my fingers hooking the bra when Jesse walked in looking handsome in a black tee and jeans, nothing fancy just comfort. \"You look as radiant as the morning sun,\" in his hand was my tee it pulled over the round belly, it was snug when I answered him. \"I need a few new clothes, my own are now getting too small,\" I haven't gained much weight it was just the basketball I was carrying now. \"Than we will get them, but first Mom was able to get you into the local doctor for an ultrasound, so we must hurry to make it,\" as he spoke he reached out to grasp my cold hand, like that we six are heading off in a rush. I was so very excited, in this old growth forest the trees rise upward forever, the canopy above is distant, like clouds of green. Even with arms out-stretched I would never even be able to reach even a fraction of the way around their gnarly bark trunks. Stepping carefully over the roots that knot the pathway, watching the freshly fallen rain seep into the soil, I am struck by a wish to melt in with it. Not to die, but to live forever amongst these ancient beings who cast the shadow in which I stand. There is a sacredness here that transcends everyday concerns, casting them into the timelessness of forests, of oceans, of mountains. Under these boughs I feel the breath of God and hear the beauty of His creations; how can I not be at home here? All too soon we make it to the hidden cavern, it shines like small gems are on the walls, but no time to take in the beauty. \"Stay here and I will get the truck,\" Angus smiled taking off down another hidden path. Miles smiled touching my head but the worry was seen in his eyes. \"Too pale today,\" was muttered as mama came to her eyes moving over my own face she agreed. \"Get what we need she needs to be home resting, having a baby is a serious work,\" it was, it really was. Jesse helps me into the bed of the truck and covers me with the blanket Mae handed him with a stern look, I was treated like a baby but in my time here on earth, I learned when people loved you they treated you with kid gloves when ill. The wind was chilly but the blanket made a world of difference, Angus stopped in front of a small medical office but they ushered me he was well equipped here and at the local hospital. It was a warm office a few females sitting reading some outdated People magazines, Jesse and Mae signed me in with my insurance card. It seemed like a very relaxed doctor a smiling woman held the door open but only let Jesse and I through with a few simple words. \"Ya'll have to wait out here when the ultra-sound starts I will come get you if she wants,\" I wasn't dilated much, just to a one, but this worried him. \"I want you to be on bed rest, we want to keep this little one inside for as long as we can,\" his bluish eyes boring into ours as Jesse gave the sad confirmation that I will be on bed rest, his fears dancing in those brown eyes. But the doctor just held my smaller hand taking us to another warm room, it was darker but a young woman was waiting. I was on the table laying down as my family walked in as she squirted blue cold gel on my hard baby bump, nothing was said as the tech got to work it was amazing seeing this little human growing inside of me. She finally turned to us after pointing certain body parts out for us, \"You want to know the sex?\" but her smile was sly, and my heart was pounding like crazy. Jesse his voice so animated, \"Yes,\" The atmosphere was filled with tense emotions as she prolonged it for the fun of it, \"A little girl, see look right here,\" I yelped in glee, Mama just hugged me close as the tech handed pictures to Mae and Angus, guess they knew everyone here. Jesse was half on cloud nine the other half was stuck in worry as we all walked out heading to each grab supplies. \"Meet at the Hay Bale in two hours,\" Angus was firm. I was mused around the shop finding some vintage clothes, Jesse just followed me around like a worrying hen. \"I am hungry,\" my own belly making the distinct sound of a mating whale as he paid and lead me from the shop heading for the Hay Bale and our family. I was placed between Jesse and Miles when the waitress hugged Mae. \"Just heard the good news, you going to be a granny,\" her eyes filled with tears as she and Mae talked, it was hard knowing she was okay with bring a great-grandmother and Celia being a Grandmother. I wished my own Grandmother was here, she is so happy. I burst out, \"Winnie Celia Lynn Tuck,\" it was perfect, at least to me and Jesse just smiled kissing my forehead saying he loved it too. The food was very good as Mae asked the one question I rather her not have, \"What Doc Morgan have to say?\" All eyes are on us now, Jesse his happy smile vanished like it was cut from his face the worry and fear replaced it. \"Bed rest, she ain't doing to good. She is dilated to a one at eighteen weeks,\" his tone just defeated as I took his hand under the table trying to smile at him. Like that dinner was over, the food in containers as I protested, \"Please, don't leave because of me ever since I have been in the family I've been nothing but trouble for you,\" Each, in turn, gave me incredulous looks. \"You have been no such thing young lady, you have brought us closer. You have brought us the rest of our family. Now get in the truck,\" Angus never was stern or angry with me, but his tone could cut glass as he gazed down at me. I find myself laying in our bed at six at night, my feet propped up and a few books on my end table. I was allowed to be in bed or sofa and cooking was out of the range of what they would allow me to do. \"I am not happy, I hate being cooped up in a room. I am leaving tomorrow to at least sit in the den and stare out the window,\" but Jesse just handed me my own carton of warm food. \"Sure, my love,\" I fumed stabbing my chicken with gusto as he laughed walking from the room.[Chapter 16] Here is another chapter for you to read. The armchair cushions take the form of my body and it is such bliss. The hours will pass, just me, a good book and a popcorn bowl on my lap. This armchair was heaven, it was something like a creamed brown leather marshmallow. It was the kind of chair that molded around you and hugged you as much as support you. It was the kind of chair that children love, and older people see as a backache waiting to happen. Jesse was with his paw and brother setting the crib and changing table up, our daughter was very lucky to have such crafted furniture. I couldn't fathom the intricate details the flowers, vines, even the leaf's looked so real craved into the matching set. Celia and Mae created a tapestry that was being hung above her crib her name and a stunning garden on it, Miles was not finished but working on mobile for her to watch as she lay there. I rest wishing that I could be more helpful to my mama and Mae, they're starting to bake for Thanksgiving which is tomorrow we are expecting a larger crowd now, I invited Kelly and Gerry and they are very happy to come. Hun and his guest are coming and guess a few others that I have never met. I stare ahead the bookcase was ornate as if carved by a person in this case Miles and Angus, with a profound love of literature. The engravings were of leaves, of autumn berries and birds on the wing - so sublime as to invite the fingers to take it in just as much as the eyes. Thanksgiving has never been normal for me, too sick to move or to eat at times but now. It's not about the turkey for me, or the stuffing, or even the roast potatoes. Don't get me wrong, I love all that stuff and thanksgiving wouldn't be the same without it. But a holiday that's all about getting the family together, being thankful for all that we have; each other, our home and the food we eat. Being able to sit around the table, all of us together and thank God, that's just magic to me. It's a holiday when we just kick back and celebrate how wonderful our ordinary lives are. I only wish my Grandmother could have made it but she will be here in spirit and hoping she was happy with what she is seeing. His deep voice broke apart my already hectic thoughts. \"You okay, my love?\" his deep eyes worried as I smiled up at him taking in his scent it was intoxicating to me. I held my hand for his help, \"I need to stretch, but I am okay was thinking how lucky we really are,\" \"I will only believe that after you make it from the birth,\" A sore topic for him, in his head as long as I lived it be okay even if the baby never made it. To him, I had to live and to me, the baby had to live even if I died for good, he was just scared and thinking only I mattered. But to Jesse, my life was more important than anything else and right now our daughter was by far the most important life. I with help was able to stand and move just enough to let the tension out before he helped me back down to the sofa this time, I tried not to sit in the same spot for long or it would get uncomfortable. Jesse just sat at my feet his hands working over them, a little swollen but nothing I couldn't handle. \"We are thinking over the summer building two more cabins like this one so that Miles, Celia, you, and myself have our own places but not far from ma and paw. I smiled, \"I love the idea of being close but with our own space,\" it was a grand idea and this was what he wanted to hear as he brought out a notebook where he scribbled ideas down. \"Here are some of the plans, you should write anything you want too,\" he was distant from me and there was nothing that I could do about it any longer. I just sit and wrote a few things our own home could use, I was okay with it being four bedrooms and three baths, the design was much like this one since they liked the harmony of the homes looking the same. I wanted a large window such as this one and a large bay window in the kitchen, guess this summer was going to be busy, but from what I see they're getting supplies ready in the third shed and by the notes a few friends will be here lending a hand in the building process. I turned to Mae as she handed me a plate with chips and a sandwich. My tone low, \"He is growing very distant, is it something that I have done?\" I, in the end, was new to being with a man even if we are to be married, everything was still so new and already was failing at it. She just takes a seat next to me, \"Finley, he adores you and loves you more than any thought possible. The thought of losing you is driving him to new lows, I will talk to my boy,\" her fingers trailing through my hair as she spoke, all I could do was nod as she finished. \"Now you eat, and Celia and I don't think it right so Miles is bringing in a small table so you can help make the dough and cut fruit and snap green beans,\" her smile matched mine, I wouldn't be bored they were going to let me help. I sit up with pillows behind me rolling dough into the pie pans, it was relaxing to bake. I was happy even with the dread and pain, my back was not holding up. \"Mama,\" all seven are done so I call her. She walks in a dish rag in hand, \"Already, let me take these and we need these apples peeled and cut. These berries cut too, you can place them in the same bowl sweetling,\" she cleaned my mess before setting two large bowls a knife and the trash can next to me. I just peeled the green, yellow, and red apples. Jesse watched for a few minutes before taking the filled bowl as I sliced the Strawberries, next was the Peaches, Blackberries, and Raspberries. I tried to move back when done but my back hurt like all tar, it took a few minutes but I managed to get to my feet having to use the restroom. I figured a bath would help, the heat would be welcomed as the water ran filling the garden tub. Even as I gazed at my reflection but did not see what my Momma saw. Still did not see what Jesse or anyone else saw. Instead, I saw the pale skin with dark veins clear as day, my own skin stretched to the max my breast bigger and firmer as the started the process of making milk for our daughter. \"Not a very pretty sight,\" muttering to myself but right only the warm water mattered it would soothe my back, the water moves softly around my outstretched fingers, caressing coolly, eddying in their wake. I pull my hand out and watch the drips, both transparent and opaque at the same time. They fall as if snatched by gravity to the water below, each one swiftly haloed by ever-growing rings, distorting the bath. I step in letting the warmth cover my body as I lay back, my eyes closed. The feeling was relaxing a calmness spread over me, in my heart I knew Jesse and I would be just fine. I could hear his footfalls coming I must have been soaking for too long for him to come looking for me. But no sooner had I thought the words the door opened and there stood Jesse, \"You okay, love?\" \"Can you give me a hand, my back was killing me and needed a soak. But our daughter has made me so big that I can't get from the tub without help any longer,\" \"Of course,\" his smile was easy going but it was for show. He walked up to me slowly and pulled me closer to him wrapping his arms around me. His embrace was warm, and his big, strong arms seemed very protective when wrapped around my frail body. The world around me melted away as I squeezed him back, not wanting the moment to end. ","Summary":" Here is a brand-new story for you all, I personally love this book and movie and had some ideas. Bu"},{"Movie":"Tuck Everlasting, 2002","Title":"Generations","Author":"MidnightSummer14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7392566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FanFiction Okay, this is my first Tuck Everlasting FanFic. Well my first FanFic, period. I do own neither the book nor movie. I pinkie swear! I don't own the characters or the main story I base this from! You can trust me on this one. This is mainly based on the movie, there might be small parts from the book, but maybe not. I'm not sure yet. BTW, the forest was not cut down, it's still there and vital to this story! Yeah, go trees! So this story was in 2011. Winnie did die and Jessie visited her grave back in 2002. He visits every year but stays out of sight of her descendents. This part is a must read! In 1917 Winnie Jackson had a son named Will. 1939 Will was married and his daughter Lola. 1963, Lola Hayden has her daughter Diana. In 1995 Diana was married to Travis Owens and had their daughter Lillian Catherine. Now in 2011, she's sixteen and has no clue about what her great, great grandmother went through when she was fifteen. No one does, not even her son Will. I hope you enjoy my first FanFic! Please R&R;! Feel free to check out my profile and send me a message! ;0) Chapter One I laid out in the soft summer grass while the sun warmed spots on my skin that wasn't shaded by the trees I was under. I twirled a white daisy in between my fingers as I stared up at the quivering leaves. I turned my head to the side and noticed the toad that always seemed to be around here. I sat up slowly and tilted my head to the side. \"You are the same toad aren't you?\" I asked him. He just croaked and didn't move from his current spot, less then two feet away from me. \"I'll take that as a yes.\" I crossed my legs over each other. \"I don't know why you always show up here. Shouldn't you live in like a forest or something? There's one right over there.\" I pointed to the thick woods. It had no response to that. \"What am I doing? Talking to a toad. I should just text someone instead of being out here.\" I got to my feet and pulled my cell phone out of my pocket. I walked away from the toad and sat down on the chair on the porch. Heh Daniela, what's up? I texted to one of my friends. I shut it and relaxed into the chair. When I glanced down to the ground I jumped a little in surprise. The toad was on the porch by my feet. I rubbed my eyes and blinked twice. It stared at me with it's large eyes. \"What the-?\" I was interrupted by my phone vibrating in my pocket. I took a quick glimpse at the toad before pulling it out. Not much. Can we hang out today Lily? I sighed deeply and replied back. No. It's been twelve years since my great, great grandmother died and the whole family is getting together tomorrow. Tonight I have to help set everything up. Why does it have to be at your house? Because she grew up in this house. Plus her grave is in the backyard. That's weird how she was buried in your backyard, you have to admit that. How can you sleep at night? There's a reason my parents didn't tell me what the tombstone was for until I was fourteen. Of course that still gave me nightmares. Uh yeah! Shit Lily, I feel bad for you. It's like another funeral isn't it? Sorta. Hopefully it doesn't last as long as one. Who's all coming? You're hot cousin Kelvin? Wrong side of the family. With my mom's side, we've had only children for more than five generations. I have no uncles, aunts, and cousins on that side. I was going to be there for you but since there's no one to flint with…sorry Lil. You're alone on this one. I can't blame you, I wouldn't do this for you. Gee thanks. TTYL! Yeah talk to ya later. It was just in time too. My mom stuck her head out the window. \"Lily, come on inside. I need some help sweeping the floors.\" \"Okay mom,\" I agreed. I went inside to join the medium brown haired woman. She had loose curls in her shoulder length hair and crystal blue eyes. I had the same looks except my hair went to the bottom of my shoulder blades. Right now it was braided over my shoulder. My mom had a broom in hand then gave it to me. \"Thank you dear,\" she smiled sweetly. \"I'll be in the kitchen washing the dishes if you need me.\" \"Heh mom?\" I called to her before she walked off. She turned to me. \"Where's dad right now?\" \"Picking up all of the food for tomorrow.\" \"Oh. Will he be coming back soon? I'll be mad if he tries to skip out on cleaning the house again.\" \"He won't, I'll make sure of that,\" she grinned evilly. A sharp shiver went down my spine as she turned away again and went to the kitchen. I thought it would be a good idea to believe mom and just get to work. After smacking the dust and dirt out of the rugs, I slide them back into the house and into place. I had to sweep and mop the floors. Now I have to put everything back including the rugs and furniture. My dad was mowing the lawn and cutting the shrubs. My mom was basically scrubbing every inch of the kitchen and bathrooms. Whenever we have company coming over she goes cleaning crazy. After every time this happens the house smells like lemon for a month. It is a little over whelming but after doing this for as long as I have, you learn that you can't complain. I had my mom help me put the table back into the dinning room and set the chairs back where they belong. \"That should be it mom,\" I stated, whipping my forehead. We had all of the windows open and it was hot out. My parents don't like to use the AC in this old house but it's going to be cool once I go to bed, which is good since heat rises. No one goes up stairs during these hot days. \"Am I done?\" She took a quick look around the completely spotless house. \"It should be, but you better go ask your father if he needs help. You know how well he works when his allergies are kicking his butt.\" I nodded and headed back outside. My poor dad, he's allergic to hay and he's doing yard work, across the street from a farm. I understand that he needs help. I followed the sound of sneezing, groaning, and snipping to the side of the house. I spotted my dirty blonde haired dad trying to shape the bushes. My dad has brown eyes and wears big glasses since he's nearly blind. His hair was short and curly. I went up to the tall man and tapped him on the shoulder. He turned to me and sneezed again. \"Bless you.\" \"Thank you. You need something?\" he asked, sounding miserable. \"Mom wanted me to come out here and help you.\" \"Oh this is my last job. But, since it's so cool in there, I'm sure your mom would like it if you went into the forest and got some wildflowers to put around the house,\" he mentioned, jerking his head to the woods behind him. \"Here, you can use the plastic bag to put the flowers in.\" \"You had me and 'cool' dad. I'll be back in a little while.\" I didn't bother to ask why he had a plastic bag with him and just took it. I hurried into the forest, my dad sneezing behind me. In all honesty, I don't spend a lot of time in this forest. I've only been in here a few times and that's when I was either with my parents when I was little or with my friends goofing off because we were sugar high. Every once and a while I have dreams about this place. I know my way around because of those dreams. In them I'm running, stumbling over my feet. I don't know what I was running from but I remember the feeling of terror ripping through my heart. At the end of those dreams I come to a small clearing, with this fountain at a bottom of a large tree with…something written into the side of it. I would look to see what it says but then it would end as something came up behind me. I rubbed my arms remembering when Daniela and I came out here, cans of pop in hand. I was looking for the fountain, but I didn't tell her that. She was making howling noises as I easily navigated my way through the dark forest. We were both very hopped up on sugar so I thought, 'Let's go out into the forest,' so we did. Of course we went running out when something close, howled back. I haven't been in here since then. I've never been alone before in this place. I took in my surroundings. The smell of moss and damp wood was in the air, but not overpowering. It was light and natural. The taste of dew was in the atmosphere as well. All you could see was trees, broken branches, and the occasional patch of wild flowers. When I saw them I picked them and set them nicely into the plastic bag. Everything looked softer since everything was slightly wet. It was nearly completely silent beside the twigs snapping under my feet, the birds flying around, the breeze ruffling the leaves of the trees above me, and…the soft sound of water? My blue eyes grew as my gait became wider and I went a little faster. Could it be what I think it is? I burst through the clearing and laid my gaze upon a small fountain at the bottom of the tree. \"Oh my god! It's-It's-wow!\" I hurried over to it and kneeled down. The water was clear and was cool, I could feel the coolness coming out of the little hole the water was getting poured into. It was almost like a mist. It looks awfully good, a drink of cold water on a hot day would be nice. I stared down through the water as I lowered my hand to put it into the water. Why does it feel like I don't want to though? But I do. Yet I don't. I shrieked a little and I felt my phone buzz. I covered my heart and gasped for air in shock. \"Damn,\" I whispered as it continued to buzz. I pulled it out and pressed the phone to my ear. \"Hello?\" \"Lily, it's me,\" my boyfriend Duke said. \"Heh, what's going on?\" I asked, leaning up against the tree. \"When's this party tomorrow? I forgot when you told me.\" \"It's not a party Duke. It's basically a family reunion for my great, great grandmother's death. You probably don't want to go to that,\" I smiled playfully. \"I'll be there, all alone, to hear the old stories of my great grandma.\" \"Are you trying to guilt card?\" \"Depends. Is it working?\" \"It's a family thing Lily.\" \"Come on,\" I moaned. \"This is your job as a boyfriend, help me get through family functions! I would go to something like this for you!\" \"No way. I don't do the family scene.\" I huffed. \"If you weren't so hot I'd break up with you.\" \"But I am, so you won't.\" I rolled my eyes. \"No, I won't. Will you at least come over once it's over. It's been a while since we've made out in the back of your car.\" \"That, my dear, I will agree to. I'll bring one of my hot cars.\" \"Of course. Talk to you tomorrow 'kay?\" \"Sure, sure. Bye Lily.\" \"Bye Duke.\" I hung up and sighed dreamily. Duke Olson is the most cute, athletic, and richest guys in the whole town. He's my boyfriend. He's the dream boy for every girl in town and he asked me out. I'm so lucky! I turned back to the tree and gawked at it in awe. I found it, I finally found it. I've been having these dreams since I was fifteen and I finally found it. I ran my hand over the softened bark and got to my feet. \"I'll be back tomorrow,\" I told it. I think I have a thing with talking to things that can't talk back. \"I've been trying to find you for too long to not.\" I started walking away from it before taking one last look over my shoulder at it. I noticed the letter on the tree, 'T'.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 I rubbed my eyes as I finally got ready to settle down for the night. I wore a pair of white boxer shorts with blue spots on it. With that I had a grey tank on. I whipped my mouth after I finished brushing my teeth and sat down in my bed. I covered up quickly since it was so cold in my room. All the windows in my room were open and the wind was rushing inside. I hide my face under my thick blankets. I curled up into my little protective ball and slowly became warm again. Since I wasn't tired enough to sleep yet, I started thinking. It's been twelve years since my great, great grandmother Winnie Jackson, or her maiden name, Winnie Foster has died. I remember her only barley. She was a pleasant old woman, spoke of weird things like the secrets to eternal life. I hardly paid attention since I was only four when she passed on. I've seen pictures of her when she was younger, of course stories too. When she was fifteen she ran away and lived with her… friends for some amount of time. One of them killed a man so her and her husband went to the gallows. They somehow got away and Grandma Winnie never saw them again. That was her first adventure of many. She lived her life learning to do things that weren't normal for women back then. At the age of eighteen she had her son Will, my great grandfather. When he was twenty two when he had his daughter Lola. Lola had my mom, Diana, when she was twenty four. My mom and my dad, Travis, had me when they were thirty two. It's amazing that Grandma Winnie lived to be a hundred. Grandma Lola and her husband Grandpa Eddie are left beside my parents. A few family friends are coming to. It's going to be a small party but this is the only time of year we see everyone. Grandma Winnie was a good person though, a very happy woman. She did so much before she was even a adult. My breathing began to become softer and my eyelids drooped tiredly. I yawned and melted into my bed. I whipped around and laid my eyes upon a man. He looked like he was a different time as he started to whistle a tune…and tune I thought I knew. The man had stringy brown and a face that was starting to wrinkle, but he wasn't old. Possibly in his early forties. He wore a completely yellow suit. I took a step away from him, towards the fountain. \"Do I…know you?\" I swear I've heard of him before. He stopped whistling and grinned this creepy grin at the tree behind me. \"The fountain. I've finally found it.\" His brown eyes turned to me. \"It's because of that girl and those Tucks that my great grandfather didn't find it.\" I swear I've heard that last name before, but where? \"I don't know who they are. Who are you?\" I demanded. He chuckled as he walked past me with a slight shove. I staggered a little but got my balance back. \"You're so troublesome, just like that Winnie Foster child. I only warn you once, stay out of my way. My great grandfather will not die in vein and I will start by drinking the water for myself.\" \"Winnie Foster, that my great, great grandmother.\" He was about to take a drink but turned his head to glare at me. \"You are…Winnie Foster's…descendent?\" I gulped and nodded slowly. He straightened his back and reached for something inside his jacket. I have a really back feeling about this. \"Because of that damn girl my family has been called crazy for generations. Because of that damn girl my grandfather was murdered!\" Then he ripped a gun out and shot at me. I gasped and sat up quickly. My eyes darted around the familiar room, my room, thank god. My heart began to race again as I heart something crash outside. It was still pitch dark as I leaped from my bed and looked out my window. There was another crash from the side out of house, then a voice rose from the darkness. \"Shit!\" Oh my god, who's out there? I gulped and got the nerve to crawl out the window and climbed down the vines that grew up the house. I've done this plenty of times in the peak of the night, when it's pitch black. But soon my eyes adjusted to the darkness I was able to walk through the yard, to follow the noises. It sounded like it was coming from the back of the house, I'd like to be able to tell myself it's a raccoon but I'm pretty sure raccoons can't say 'Shit'. Last time I checked anyway. I peeked around the corner of the house and saw a boy by Grandma Winnie's grave. He was kneeled down in front of it with a lighter in hand. I narrowed my eyes at him and looked the boy over. His straight brown hair went to his shoulders and he was probably a little over six feet tall. I couldn't see his face his I was basically staring at him from behind. He wore jeans and a green, racing jacket over a shirt I couldn't see from this angle. Okay, come on Lily. Be a girl! I gulped again cleared my throat. \"Heh! What are you doing here?\" He made a sound of surprise and turned to face me. He burnt his finger on his light and dropped it. \"Ow, crap.\" He shook out his hand and looked back to me in shock \"U-Uh, I think I can explain this.\" \"Y-You better have an amazing explanation!\" I stammered. \"Because I know f-five forms of martial arts and I can-!\" \"I'm not here to hurt anyone! I'm just here to…pay my respects.\" He pointed to the grave behind him. I put my hands on my hips. \"Who do you think you're foolin'? The time Grandma Winnie died, I was only four. You can't be much older than me.\" \"Grandma?\" \"Yeah, she's my great, great grandmother. I don't recognize you so don't you try any shit!\" \"I am here to pay respect, I come here every year but early in the morning,\" he explained. \"How do you know her?\" \"My family knows her.\" \"I didn't say who knew her, I said how you knew her.\" \"Okay, my family knew her for generations. Thus I've known her.\" I considered the possibility. \"What's your name kid?\" \"For your information, I am plenty older than you. But my name is Jesse Tuck,\" he answered me. Tuck. The Man in the Yellow Suit had something against my great, great grandmother and The Tucks. This Jesse can't be so bad if his ancestors and my ancestor shared a common enemy. Plus he came out here in the middle of the night to visit her grave and give his respects. That's either devotion or being crazy. \"Lily Owens,\" I mentioned, holding out my hand. \"And I don't actually know five forms of marital arts.\" He laughed whole heartedly and shook my hand back. \"It's a true pleasure to not be beaten up by you. I apologize if I woke and or scared you. Of course you did scare the livings out of me though.\" I smiled at Jesse Tuck. \"It's kinda a talent. But you didn't wake me up, but I was a little edgy about a stranger hanging out in front of my grandma's tombstone.\" \"I suppose that would appear quite odd wouldn't it? Has anyone told you before that you look like Winnie?\" he questioned, flashing such a boyish gesture. He rose one eyebrow and tilted his head. I blushed but he couldn't see it in the darkness, hopefully. \"My great grandpa Will and grandma Lola has said something along those lines. You know Jesse, I know this is quite straight forward and we just met , but since you're family knew Winnie, we're having a party here tomorrow for her. If you want to come.\" His emerald green eyes glinted with amusement. \"I'll speak with my family but I can't make any promises that all of us can come. My parents don't exactly get out much and my brother is sorta a kill joy.\" \"I'm sure Winnie would love for you to come.\" Something in his face softened a little. \"I'll do what I can Lily. It was sure nice to meet you.\" He glanced at the head stone one last time. \"See ya Winnie.\" To my confusion, instead of going to the road to get into his car or something, he ran into the forest. Why would he go in there? He clearly can't live in there, he's not poor, not with those clothes he was wearing. I sure hope one of The Tucks show up for the get-together tomorrow, I have a few questions to ask.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 I rubbed both of my cheeks while I sat on a plastic chair in the backyard. So. Much. Cheek Pinching! Uh. I hate not having anyone to hang out with at these things. I'm hoping Daniela or Duke show up anyway, even though they sounded quite confident in their decisions. I don't expect any of The Tucks to show up. It was the middle of the night and we don't even know each other. I don't know what came over me, what convinced me that inviting a bunch of strangers to a family gathering was a good idea. Of course I was kind of keyed up that I found a Tuck, like the man in my dream mentioned. Thrill of the moment I guess. Everyone was talking to someone else, besides me anyway, since I'm the youngest one here. Once and a while someone would try to make small talk with me. It was over stupid things like, how my summer had been so far, what classes I took last year, how my grades are, what sports I'm in, what my plan in for the future. Stuff like that. None of them were very interesting or really about anything I cared about. School is just a part of life everyone has to go through, asking about it is just stupid, no one actually enjoys it. It was kind of them to try and connect with me, but there has to be something better to talk about than my future intentions including a job and other things that connect to getting older. I shivered at the thought of aging. I'm not afraid of time, I just…dislike it greatly. If there was no time, if the wheel did not turn, everyone would be so much happier. No deaths. I understand for there to be no deaths there must be no births either, but the concept of all people have to grow old and die…it just isn't fair to those who have more life to live. I don't want to ever feel like I have to do something, like get a job, make a family, die, but that's what time does, it rushes you into things you don't want to do. I want to take my time to do all of that stuff, besides dying. No one wants to die, but my life so far hasn't held anything really dear to me, I feel like I'm running out of time to be a kid. Time is rushing me into my next stage of life and I'm not ready. In other words, the wheel that's always turning? If you try and stop it, it runs over you, if you try and slow down, it runs over you, if you try and run ahead of it, life passes you by and you regret so much when you're lying on your death bed. It's impossible to find the right pace to go at, because it always wants you to go faster. \"Oh Jesse, you're right. She does look like Winnie,\" I heard someone whisper from afar. My eyes shot open and I looked around. My gaze fell upon the two people entering through the gate. It was Jesse and a shorter woman with reddish brown hair and pulled back in a lose bun. Her eyes were a light brown. The woman wore a fairly dressy outfit consisting of dark wash jeans and a navy blue pattered shirt that went to her elbow. Jesse was only slightly more than casual though. Ripped jeans at the knees, black tee shirt and leather jacket. If Duke came to something like this like that I would send him home to get into something more appropriate, but Jesse had a certain way he wore things. He actually looked nice enough to go to a celebration of death. I got up onto my feet and my eyes met with Jesse's. I smiled and walked over to the two people. \"You made it,\" I stated, clearly playing the role of 'Captain Obvious'. \"I decided that it would be a nice thing to do, to show Winnie we miss her. Oh and Lily, this is my mother.\" \"It's nice you meet you Miss Tuck,\" I greeted politely. \"Oh people call me Mae, dear.\" We shook hands. \"And I do say, you look so much like Winnie.\" I crossed my hands in front of me. \"I hear that once and a while. Did you know her well?\" \"Winnie Foster, oh yes. Very nice. She did some pretty brave stuff when she was young. Have you heard the story about her running away?\" \"Bits and pieces. When Grandma Winnie told me it she sorta skipped some parts of it. I got some of it though.\" \"Maybe I'll have to tell you the whole story sometime. It is quite a good tale to be told. But today…\" She left the sentence unfinished as her eyes caught something from behind me. When I looked over my shoulder I noticed what she saw. Flowers lined Grandma Winnie's grave. Mae put a hand over her heart. \"U-Uh, may I?\" she asked me. \"Oh go ahead!\" I nodded quickly. \"Thank you.\" I watched as Mae approached the grave. It seemed like she started to speak to it, since no one was around. \"She really cared about Winnie,\" Jesse explained. I turned to him again. \"It seems so. Is she okay?\" \"It's just been a while since she's visited here. Last time she visited was probably back in 2002.\" \"Nine years? Whoa.\" I glanced back at Mae again. \"Is she going to cry?\" \"Nah, she's pretty tough. Winnie just…meant a whole lot to her. My whole family actually.\" I bit on my bottom lip as I stared upon Jesse, who was watching his mom. \"It sounds like you knew her…but I don't know how that's possible.\" \"It's pretty complicated.\" His eyes came back to mine and he smiled. \"Thank you for inviting us by the way.\" \"It would have been rude not to invite people that were close to my grandma.\" I flattened out my grey dress that went to my knees. A band of blue ribbon went around my waist and there was a matching blue bow on my sweet heart neck line. I rose my eyes back up and continued. \"My mom should be finishing dinner pretty soon, do you and Mae want to stay for that?\" I asked. \"It would be our pleasure,\" he replied with a grin. I had barley seen my mom all day since she was in the kitchen, cooking her brains out. Literally, if she had to cook her brains to make a meal, she would. Normally she would force me to help but she noticed that I invited some people and left me to converse with them. For that I am thankful. After Mae finished her mourning, she happily started talking to me. I was pleasantly surprised that she was nice to talk to. She didn't bring up school or my plans for the future. She asked about me . Same with Jesse. They both wanted to know Lillian Catherine Owens, not the great, great grand daughter of Winnie Foster/Jackson. I got to know some about them too. The Tucks just moved to Tree Gap no to long ago. They were living in New York, New York before that. The Tucks that lived here back in the early 1900s, knew Winnie. So that's how they knew her and enough to sneak out in the middle of the night to visit. \"You know you could have always gone during the day. My family and I aren't really bad enough people to order you off of our property because we don't know you,\" I told them before bringing a cheese burger to my mouth. All of the visitors, including my family and The Tucks were sitting at plastic tables that we set next to each other. We only had to use two since not a ton of people who knew Grandma Winnie, are still alive. \"You're free to come around whenever.\" \"Jesse is always doing things so carefully these days,\" Mae laughed. \"Well when it to comes to this town anyway. I remember when you'd do all of that traveling Jesse and you're bring me back those presents.\" \"Traveling?\" I repeated, the word sparking my interest. He nodded, swallowing down his own burger. \"Sure. I've been to a lot of places over the years.\" \"Like France? Paris France?\" He nodded. \"Saw the Eiffel Tower with my own eyes. Walked up every single step to the top.\" \"Why would you go up the stairs when there's an elevator?\" I questioned, confused why he would waste the energy. He laughed. \"You'd be surprised how many people have said that over the years. I'll tell you why Lily. Because, after climbing every single step, getting to the top after the long climb, when you see the wonderful view, it makes the sight that much more worth it. And, oh man was it worth it. I thought I could see until forever. I swore I looked around the whole world and saw the back of my head. You appreciate it more in stead of riding the elevator like all the lazy people. You don't go to France to wait in line to ride an elevator.\" I laughed too. \"If you ever plan on going there again, you'll consider bringing me with, won't you?\" \"I sure will, but I warn you. The day we decide to go to the Eiffel Tower, I won't only make you walk up all of those stairs, I'll make sure you get up before the sun comes up. Nice and early.\" \"Now why would you do that ?\" \"You're saying that like you've never seen a sun rise before. Being at the top of the tower when the sun breaks through the horizon, wow, nothing better than that,\" he sighed dreamily. \"We should do that,\" my Grandma Lola whispered to Grandpa Eddie with a little nudge in the arm. \"Are ya out of you marbles woman? You'd have a heart attack on the tenth step.\" He always gets sayings wrong. \"Out of your mind Grandpa,\" I corrected him. \"You're barking up the wrong dog here Lily.\" \"Wrong tree Grandpa.\" \"Wha? Trees don't bark?\" Everyone at the table laughed but we laughed that much harder when he added, \"Oh! I get it!\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 After everyone was gone, including Mae and Jesse, I went and visited the fountain in the tree. I stayed there until the sun started to go down. I just kind of sat there thinking about the questions I wanted to ask, but didn't while Mae and Jesse were there. There's no guarantee that The Man in the Yellow jacket is even real. It was only a weird dream after all. No proof of it being real. Well besides the route to take me to the fountain, through the forest. That was terribly detailed and accurate. Of course I couldn't sit there and contemplate all night. I had to get back home before my parents started sending my anger texts. They warned me that if I'm out too late they'll ground me over the phone. On my way back, to my terror, my phone pulsated in my jacket pocket. \"Shit, I'm dead,\" I grumbled, pulling it out. But I didn't notice the phone number when I checked it. I rose an eyebrow then smiled I read the message. Heh Lily, it's Jesse. Before I left, your parents gave me your number. I wanted to check this isn't some weird practical joke and this was really you. I chuckled and texted back, Yeah, it's me. Why'd my parents give you my number? I waited a few moments before I got something back, but it wasn't from Jesse. It was Duke. You ready to head out Babe? I'm just a few minutes away from your house. I'm driving my mustang. Even though I don't know much about cars, I knew what that was. But before I could reply to him, one came in from Jesse. I don't know. I'm sure it's just because they like me. I like them too, very hospitable people. No wonder you were so nice. Awwww. I smiled and held onto my cell phone a little tighter. Thanks Jesse. You and your mom and amazingly kind. It's really too bad the rest of your family couldn't make it. After I sent that message I got one from Duke Lily? What the hell? Sorry! I got distracted. I just need to tell my parents I'm going out. He can just be so impatient some times. My mom says thanks for the compliment. And my dad regrets not being able to meet you, he apologizes. Oh it's fine. I'm sure he'll get another time to meet me. I came out of the forest and went through the back door of my house. My parents were conveniently placed in the kitchen as I read the next text I got. Well sure hope so. Talk to you tomorrow? Absolutely. \"Mom, Dad, I'm going out tonight,\" I announced, putting my phone back into my jacket pocket. \"Are you going to hang out with Jesse?\" my mom asked curiously. \"Uh no. Duke's going to be here any moment to pick me up.\" Both of them sighed in perfect unison. \"What? There's nothing wrong with Duke!\" \"Of course not honey,\" Mom nodded, \"but, to be completely honest, I hate that boy's guts.\" My jaw dropped. \"You're kidding right? Duke is handsome, smart, really talented in fixing cars, and rich!\" \"I didn't hear the word nice in that list of yours Lily,\" my dad pointed out, thrumming his fingers on the table. I scoffed. \"Okay, he might be a little rough around the edges but he really is a cool guy. Not to mention we're only in high school. It's not very likely that we're going to get married or something. It's just innocent dating.\" \"There' no such thing when you're in high school,\" Mom laughed without humor. \"Just…be careful okay?\" \"Fine, I will.\" I heard Duke honk his horn from the driveway. \"That's him. You guys can relax. He's a good apple, he doesn't do anything like alcohol or drugs,\" I assured them as I grabbed a coat and ran out of the house again. \"I'll be back by eleven!\" I stared out of the front windshield at the dark streets. It made me a little nervous that it was so dark and Duke wasn't exactly the best driver. He's been in three crashes in the last two months, I didn't tell my parents that though. I glanced over to the straight black haired, brown green eyed Duke Olsen. He was a senior, part of the football team, and one of the hottest guys in the school. Why he picked a second year, such as myself to go out with. Mostly because of status probably but we get along fairly well. And damn, he was a great kisser. I know girls don't want to be 'another girl' to him, but I honestly don't care. \"It's a good thing you missed the party yesterday. You would have ran as soon as you saw all of my relatives and family friends.\" \"I am not a family person. Parents don't like me, aunts and uncles, grandparents, cousins, you name a part of the family and they don't fancy me much.\" \"I understand. But it wasn't so back since this one guy I met recently and his mom showed up. It was nice to talk to some people.\" \"What guy? Do I know him?\" \"No. His family just moved here a few weeks ago.\" \"Is he going to our school?\" \"I have no idea.\" \"You don't know something as simple as that and he showed up at your house yesterday?\" \"Their family knew my Grandma Winnie, I would have been rude not to invite them.\" \"You invited them?\" \"They weren't going to show up on their own, now were they? What are you freaking out about?\" \"Lily, you're hanging out with a guy I don't know. A guy you don't know! How should I know if I can trust him not to try anything with you?\" \"You've got to be kidding me. Duke, he brought his mother to a party, celebrating a person that's been dead for twelve years. If he was attempting to try something he would, one, not bring his mom, and two, pick a better place to try and make a move,\" I scoffed, rolling my eyes. \"You don't have to worry about Jesse.\" \"What's his name?\" \"Jesse Tuck.\" \"Is he a good looking dude?\" \"Oh Duke,\" I laughed. \"It's a customary question.\" \"You want to actually know?\" \"Duh. It's why I asked. I want the truth too.\" I sighed and shook my head. \"I suppose he is pretty good looking. I wouldn't complain.\" I blushed a little and ran my hand through my hair. \"You seriously have nothing to worry yourself about. Last time I checked, I was going out with you. You're my boyfriend, not Jesse Tuck. Plus I only met him two days ago, I've known you since preschool.\" \"Maybe you need to prove your loyalty.\" I leaned over and kissed his neck deeply, before sitting back in my chair. I would get into it more but he's driving. He apparently knew that too and pulled over, a block before my house. He leaned over and put his hand behind my neck. He pulled my forward, bringing my mouth to his. He pulled me into the back seat of his car and started kissing me forcefully. I was under him, laying on my back on the leather interior. He pressed down on me, I could hardly breath. Plus it didn't help that He had his mouth connected to mine. Every time he leaned back I got half a breath before he kissed me again. \"Duke,\" I gasped, turning my face away. \"I can't b-breath.\" \"Don't be dramatic Lily. You're fine.\" He grabbed my face and brought it back to his vehemently. It hurt a little to be handled like this, but I can't complain. Duke prefers it rough, and he's the one that controls if we're together or not. I tried to move my arm around normally but it hurt a lot . I'm just so soar from my make out session with Duke last night. It was a little more…physical than normal. I just need to try and keep up with his needs. I sighed as I used my other arm to lift my cup of OJ to my mouth. I was sitting out in the yard, staring at the forest. I was kind of hoping for one of The Tucks to mysteriously come out of the forest. I know I have no actual proof that they live in there and no reason to believe so, besides Jesse going in there one time. But staring at the woods is a better, and more sane, option than staring at the road. My parents were both at work at the moment, and have been working since six this morning. My mom works at some office building in the cities, an hour and a half drive from here. My dad sells car parts to other stores and that commute is for two hours. My parents don't get home until pretty late. Which I suppose is a good thing if I want to hang out with my friends, when they're both gone, and by 'friends' I mean 'boyfriend'. I curled my fingers around in the grass and sighed again. I could text but I left my phone on the porch. I'm too lazy to get it. I reached behind my head and cringed, forgetting about my bad arm. \"Damn,\" I grumbled to the toad. \"Why does he have to be so rough all the freaking time?\" I knew it would, once again, not answer me, so I just listened to a motorcycle go by on the road on the side of my house. I turned my head when I heard it slow down and go up my driveway. \"What the?\" I asked myself while getting up onto my feet. I snuck to the edge of the house and peeked around the corner. It was Jesse Tuck, who was knocking on my front door. He tapped on it three times then took a step back. While he waited he stared up at the house. \"Wow,\" he commented, \"doesn't look too much different.\" Jesse peaked in the window. \"I wonder if anyone is even home right now.\" I backed up a little then ran into the front yard at full speed, like I was running around anyway and not watching him like some creeper. I acted like I just noticed him. \"Oh Jesse! Hi!\" I greeted him, waving at him with my good arm. I put my cup down and jumped onto the porch to join him. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Heh Lily, I was uh wondering if you wanted to-.\" \"Yeah!\" I nodded quickly. \"If you were asking to-.\" \"Hang out?\" he finished. I smiled and nodded again. \"Sure. Are we meeting up with your family later?\" I asked as he lead the way off of the porch. \"Maybe. It depends on when they get off of work. They all work besides me. I have better things to do than make money.\" I was going to give him a weird look but my eyes fell upon the awesome motorcycle. It was red and was something that was made in the 60s, but it was in great condition. Compared to other older bikes I've seen. \"This is your ride?\" I asked, trying not to sound as impressed as I really was. I was probably a collector. \"Yep. Your family doesn't have a problem with motorcycles right?\" he asked, getting onto the sweet ride and slipping the black helmet over his head. My family? No.\" \"Do you have a problem with motorcycles?\" \" God no.\" \"Good.\" He handed me a helmet. \"Climb on Wild Thing .\" I grinned widely as I pulled it over my head. I didn't know where we were headed when I got on, but to be honest, I didn't care.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 For someone who was supposedly new to this town, Jesse sure knew his way around pretty damn well. Of course, according to him, he comes back here once a year to visit Grandma Winnie's grave. I know I shouldn't trust everything he says since I hardly know him, but I have yet to some across something I shouldn't believe. It can't be possible for a guy to be like this. Nice, handsome, and honest? I'm not claiming he's perfect, because he's over confident, but who wouldn't be if they were Jesse Tuck? I found myself opening up to a guy I met days ago. I told him about my friends, my family, and even Duke. He didn't seem disappointed by the fact that I was seeing someone else, but he sure changed the subject quickly. He replaced it with a question. \"What's the high school like here?\" he inquired. We were sitting at a picnic table at a park. It was in the middle of town. \"Are you going to go to high school here?\" I questioned, bathing in the sun that was beaming down on my skin. I think it wouldn't be too bad to go to school with him. It would be interesting at least. \"I might. My family isn't sure yet.\" \"You're not moving again are you?\" I gasped in panic. I blushed at the emotion in my tone of voice. \"I mean, you just got here. Why would you leave right away?\" He smirked a little at me. \"My family doesn't like to stay in one place for too long. Why? Would you miss me?\" he played. I blushed a deeper red. \"Pft! No!\" I lied terribly. He laughed, \"Maybe if I make a few friends with people here, it would give up a good reason to stay. Then you wouldn't have to miss me.\" I rolled my eyes but couldn't help but let a smile slip through anyway. \"I'd probably miss you too Lily.\" I lost control of my mouth. \"You would?\" \"Well don't sound so surprised. Since I do a lot of moving, I don't really bother to make any friends.\" \"I suppose.\" I tilted my head a little to the side. \"Your brother's name escapes me. I keep on forgetting for some reason.\" \"Miles.\" \"Right! It was right on my tongue. Tell me about him.\" \"Wha? Why would you want to know about him?\" \"He's your brother, that's why. I never had a sibling, what's he like?\" He looked very uncomfortable about this certain subject. \"What's the matter with talking about your brother Jesse?\" \"It's complicated. I'd rather talk about your boyfriend than Miles,\" he admitted, resting his elbow on the table while he held his face in his hand. \"Oh come on,\" I urged. \"I didn't come out here to talk about Duke. If you answer me a few questions I won't bother you about it again.\" \"Lily, he's just not a very nice guy, for good reason but he's not one for…getting along with people.\" I gave him a confused look . \"And he's part of your family?\" \"He doesn't believe in us conversing with other people when we're staying in a place for a while. To be honest, I think he should just move out. I understand his past but that was ages ago.\" \"What happened?\" \"His wife left him, taking their children with her. It was a long time ago.\" \"But Jesse, that's terrible! You should really give him a break.\" He closed his eyes and sighed. \"If you ever meet him Lily, you'll understand. We're done with that subject now.\" \"Fine, let's talk about my boyfriend then? Unless you want to talk about Miles some more.\" \"What was the guy's name Puke or something?\" he questioned. \"I knew it!\" I stood up abruptly. I ignored the ping of pain in my arm and continued. \"I knew you didn't like him!\" \"I don't know him, but you hear things in this town. He sounds like someone you should go out with.\" \"He's a nicer guy them people take him for!\" \"Then what's the whole deal with your arm? Your parents told me you went out with him yesterday and your arm definitely was not like that when my mom and I left,\" he pointed out. \"How do you know-?\" \"I'm a freaky ninja.\" \"Come on-.\" \"There's a bruise on the back of your arm. It would be impossible for me not to notice it but it would have been rude to point it out.\" I tried to look at it but every time I pushed my shoulder forward to check, my arm throbbed in pain. I cringed and let my arm fall to my side. \"Why are you going out with a guy like that?\" My face started to turn red again but I didn't answer. \"Okay, don't answer me. But give me your arm quick.\" I hesitated then did as he requested. It hurt but I sucked it up as I lifted my arm to his. He took my hand into his softly. I noticed how warm his were. The nice thoughts lasted only a second. Then he twisted my arm and basically karate chopped my elbow. \"Ow! Shit Jesse, it hurts!\" He looked shocked by this \"It does?\" \"Of course it does!\" I lifted my arm to prove it but my eyes widened. I bent and flexed my arm. \"Well I'll be damned.\" He cleared his throat to get my attention. \"I believe you owe me a certain two words.\" \"I am impressed Jesse, thank you. This would have hurt for a week!\" I laughed, dumbfounded by the wonders of Jesse Tuck. \"How'd you do that?\" \"A magician never reveals his secrets,\" he chuckled. \"Yeah but you're not a magician.\" \"Pft,\" he laughed. \"Thank you Lily, for ruining my fun. You just learn a few things over the years, and when you're been too all fifty states.\" \"I'm so jealous, you being able to do all of that traveling,\" I sighed dreamily. \"See the wonders of the world, try the food, meet the people. Wow.\" He tapped his chin, contemplating something. \"Can you promise me something?\" he asked, getting a evil grin on his face. \"What are you wanting me to promise?\" \"Whenever I can, I'll bring you to see my Eiffel Tower. You have to promise me though, whenever I show up to bring you!\" \"Uh, okay. Whatever, I promise.\" He held out his pinkie to me. I rose an eye brow and quickly glanced up at him. Is he serious? He winked at me and reached closer to me. Okay, it's kind of cute. I wrapped my pinkie around his and shook it. \"So do you know when you're going to see this Eiffel Tower?\" Daniela asked me before taking a sip from her pop. \"I don't know,\" I shrugged. \"I assume he's just going to pop out of no where like he usually does.\" \"Oh my god, he's totally into you Lily,\" she giggled, jumping up and down in her seat. Daniela Moss has bleach blonde hair and dark blue eyes, she's a very short girl and thin. Skin and bones. She wore black cat eye glasses over her big blue eyes. We were in a McDonalds® having lunch. It was two days after Jesse and I hung out at the park. \"I'm not completely sure yet, but it might not matter. By the sound of it there's a possibility his family isn't hanging around for too long. Not like it matters anyway, I'm going out with Duke.\" \"I think you should break up with him,\" she commented before shoving a bunch of French fries into her mouth. \"Eh? You're the one that wanted us to go out in the first place!\" \"I know but that was before I realized what a jerk he is. I heard that he dumped water on some freshman because he asked Duke to get out from behind his car! Who does that? You should drop him like a hot curling iron and go out with this Jesse Tuck dude. He sounds really hot.\" \"That's all you care about Daniela,\" I pointed out. \"I'm fifteen, what do you want from me?\" she laughed. I shook my head and took a drink from my malt. \"He's not like normal guys Daniela,\" I murmured, looking out of the windows and into the tree horizon. \"I know he likes me but I don't know if he's interested like that.\" \"Are you kidding? He wants to bring you to his Eiffel Tower . What the hell do you think that means?\" \"I told you, he isn't a normal guy. He hasn't even tried to bring me home yet. He's not after the stuff normal boys are.\" \"Has he been flirty while you ride in his car?\" \"He doesn't have a car, he has this motorcycle. Very nice ride.\" \"He has a bike? Oo that's hot!\" \"Daniela, focus.\" \"Fine. If he asked you out, would you say yes?\" \"I don't know. Duke would kill him.\" She sighed deeply. \"If Duke wasn't in the picture?\" I gave her an unsure face. \"If you weren't dating Duke, you were over him and he was over you, if he took your hand and asked you softly 'Lily, would you like to go out sometime' what would you say?\" \"Oh man,\" I purred, losing my mind for a few moments. I quickly came back to reality and blushed. \"I-I mean…I guess if he's interested I wouldn't mind.\" She coughed on her pop and started laughing. The other people in the place glanced at us but went back to their meals. \"Lillian Catherine Owens, do you actually like this guy? Maybe even more than you normally do?\" My face became completely red. \"Oh, yeah right!\" I snickered nervously. \"I hardly know anything about him, don't be ridiculous!\" \"I've never seen your face so red,\" she noticed, poking my cheek. I pushed her away from me. \"Be serious now Daniela. I am not in love with him, I'm only sixteen for Pete's Sake!\" I replied exasperatedly. \"Love knows nothing on time,\" she cooed romantically. \"And you hate time so it's a perfect fit!\" I put my face into my hands and grunted. Leave it to me to be the rational one in this relationship. \"I wouldn't say love.\" \"I would!\" she exclaimed.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 My eyes snapped over when I felt something cover my mouth. I screamed into it but was quickly shushed. \"Lily, it's me!\" he whispered lowly. When he took his hand off of my mouth, I flipped my lamp on, that was by my bed. I noticed the green eyes right away then recognized the rest of the face, that was connected to the body kneeling at my bed side. \"Jesse! You nearly gave me a heart attack! Why are you here? How the hell did you get in?\" He jerked his thumb in the direction of the window behind him. \"It's really unsafe to have it open like that. A creeper could crawl right inside.\" \"Which would explain you wouldn't it.\" I yawned tiredly then continued, \"So why are you here?\" A big ol' classic Jesse grin covered his face. \"I believe you have a promise to fulfill Miss Owens.\" \" Now ? You want to do it now ?\" He nodded childishly. \"Why can't we go when, I don't know, the sun's up?\" He rolled his eyes. \"I warned you that I ever took you to the Eiffel Tower, I'd get you up nice and early. Come on.\" Knowing that I didn't have a choice nor wanted to go back to sleep, I placed my feet on the chilly floor and got up with a groan. \"This better be worth it Jesse Tuck,\" I threatened, pulling a random shirt over my tank top. \"It will,\" he assured me, sitting down on my bed. \"If you woke me up this early just to bring me somewhere-.\" \"Lily. If you wouldn't enjoy it, I wouldn't have gotten up this early and risked getting my head shot off by your dad's riffle.\" \"Oh come one, my parents would marry you if they could,\" I scoffed, pulling jeans over my boxer shorts. \"Not to mention it's my mom's riffle, not my dad's. Not like it would matter, they'd prefer you over Duke any day.\" \"Can't blame them,\" he mumbled. \"Are we really going to have this con-?\" \"There's a bruise on the side of your neck,\" he yawned, but then he jerked suddenly. \"Or at least I hope it's only a bruise.\" I blushed a little then huffed. \"If you really want to talk about my love life then I think I'll-.\" \"You brought him up,\" he interrupted quickly. I pulled my hair out of my pony tail and shook my curls out. When I let them settle I turned my attention back to Jesse. \"If I'm enthusiastic about going to your 'Eiffel Tower', can we not talk about Duke and what an ass he is?\" He smiled sweetly. \"You got yourself a deal.\" I put my foot on a sturdy rock and Jesse helped pull me up. We have been climbing this mountain of stone for a little while but you did not want to fall from here. We were close to the top but I tried to keep that thought out of my mind. The closer to the top you are, the further from the bottom you are. \"So this is your Eiffel Tower?\" I questioned, trying to keep up with him. He was a rock climbing monkey! \"It's not like it, I doubt it's the same height.\" \"It's the same width, and has the same shape. But you're right, their different heights. This one is taller .\" \"Wow.\" \" Very wow.\" I'm actually kind of happy Jesse woke me up when he did. I was having another one of those nightmares with The Man in the Yellow Suit. It continued from the last one. He had shot at me but…Jesse came out of no where and jumped in front of me. He took the bullet right in the chest! I, of course screamed and fell to the ground beside him. I thought he was dead but…he got back onto his feet like it didn't even hit him. The Man went on and on about how the Tucks ruined his family forever and he must have revenge. That was when Jesse woke me up by scaring the living hell out of me. Jesse got to the top and reached down for me. I grabbed his hands and he pulled me up. The moment he did, the sun broke over the forest. As he set me down and my eyes grew. I went over to the edge of the rock and stared at the sight in wonder. The skies were painted with ruby reds, soft oranges, and baby pinks. A light fog covered the forest and were duller color of the ones in the sky. The birds danced in the early morning sky as the sun rose slowly. It was mesmerizing! No one in the world has properly taken a picture or painted the true beauty of this. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. \"Jesse…you were right. This is worth it,\" I smiled lightly, putting my hands behind my back with a sigh of contentment. \"Working for it makes it that much more sweeter.\" I expected a 'I told you so' but he just said, \"It never gets old either. Every time I go up here it gets more breathtaking.\" \"It looks better than this ? Man,\" I breathed. \"You were a hundred percent right about coming up here this early. I'm glad you woke me up and nearly made me punch you in the nose.\" He snickered and looked down at me. I looked back up at him, finally able to look away from the sight. We stared at each other for a few moments before we both had red cross our faces and looked away. \"Um, can I ask you some stuff Jesse?\" I asked sheepishly. \"They might sound a little weird though.\" \"Sure.\" \"I've uh…been having these odd dreams since I was fifteen. Until recently, it's been about walking through this forest somewhere. But now I've showed up to a tree, with a 'T' carved into the side and a fountain at the bottom. Do you know anything about it?\" I asked, facing him again. His mouth was hanging open a bit. \"U-Uh…no.\" Such a bad lie. \"You do ! Then you know about The Man in the Yellow Suit!\" I gasped, grabbing his arm. \"H-How do you know about him?\" \"His great grandson or whatever was in my dream! In it we was after the fountain and followed me there. He said that his family has been after it for generations and people called them crazy because Winnie Foster and The Tucks got in the way! Do you know what he's talking about? Why's that fountain so important?\" \"I don't know Lily,\" he lied terribly. It was sad how bad of a lie it was. \"I've just heard of all of those things, I don't know anything specific about a fountain or this guy in a yellow jacket or whatever.\" \"You know Jesse; I really don't like you very much when you're not telling me the truth. Plus were conveniently placed on the top of The Eiffel Tower, are you sure you don't know?\" I questioned, raising one of my eyebrows. He gulped and took a small step away from me. \"Let's be rational here Lily, there's no need for trying to kill me.\" \"Isn't there?\" I knew I was being crazy, but I've been trying to figure my dreams out for too long for some random guy to start telling very bad lies. \"I think I'm being perfectly rational, you're just being unreasonable.\" \"If I thought it was worth telling don't you think I'd tell you?\" \"I don't know. Would you? Who is this guy and what's with the fountain?\" I repeated, threatening him with my eyes. He held up his hands in innocence. \"This really isn't the time or place to talk about this kind of thing. If Miles found out that I told you he'd rip my head off of my shoulders without hesitation.\" \"Why is it such a big secret?\" \"Because if people found out…it wouldn't be good,\" he mumbled, choosing his words very carefully. Terrible word choice if you ask me. \"Wouldn't. Be. Good. Really?\" I put my hands on my hips. \"Are you not telling me because you don't like me?\" \"What? What would make you think-?\" \"Then you just don't trust me,\" I stated, giving him a cold glare. \"I trust you Lily it's just-.\" \"Then you're trying to protect me from something right? From the fountain and the man.\" \"Yes! Oh thank goodness, you get it!\" Jesse sighed in relief. I took one last look at the sunrise before starting back down the rock. I didn't say anything to Jesse as he called after me and tried to keep up. \"Whoa, where are you going?\" he called. I was already half way down and he was about six feet up. If he falls, I fall. I was quiet, finding a good place to put my foot. \"What? I thought you understood my reasoning!\" I was still silent as I jumped down onto a rock below me. Of course Jesse was desperate and jumped down from where he was. I stumbled back a little, hearing him land on his feet next to me but he grabbed my hand before I could fall off. \"You understand right?\" he asked. \"I understand,\" I replied, taking my arm back calmly. \"Then where are you going?\" This is when I went quiet and started climbing down the rocks again. I admit that I had a little bit of fun, having him chase me through the forest like he did. He seemed completely oblivious to where we were going, which did help me get him there. If he knew, by his reaction, he'd somehow use his ways to get me to go a different way. Darn him and his cute smile! Of course once we started to get close, I heard his gait slow down a bit. He asked one last time, \"Lily, where are you going?\" But it was already too late for him. We came to the small clearing with the large tree with the 'T' in the side and the fountain at the bottom. I looked back at Jesse for the first time since we started walking, and he was pale white. \"What are we doing here?\" he asked, barley moving his mouth. I went over to the fountain and kneeled down right next to it. I stuck my hand into it. I pulled it out and slowly picked it up, bringing it closer to my lips. \"Lily don't drink that!\" he shouted. \"Why? It seems perfectly fine.\" \"It's got something really bad in there.\" He sounded truthful this time, but I still don't like it when he uses the word 'bad' instead of something that can give me a clue to what it actually is. \"What's in it? Poisoned?\" \"That's a good way to put it, now come on. Let's get outta here,\" he urged, seeming very uncomfortable here. I remembered my dream, that man wanted to drink the water for some reason, he wouldn't drink it if it was poisoned. \"It's not poisoned, don't be silly. I've seen animals drink out of it before,\" I lied back. I'm so going to figure everything out, whether he likes it or not. \"Why wouldn't I drink some of it? And I want the truth.\" \"U-Uh um.\" He looked pretty panicked, like he was corner, which he was. \"I,\" he lowered his eyes from mine, \"honestly wish I could tell you.\" I stared at him for a few moments before tipping my hand and letting the water flow out of it. The look on his face made me feel so guilty. I felt I was kicking a puppy with a limp leg. Just drop it Lily. I got to my feet and went over to him. \"Let's just…forget about it,\" I sighed deeply. \"I guess I really don't care anyway.\" I nudged his arm. \"I have some water guns at my house and the crabby people from across the street have been on my nerves lately. Wanna help…cool them off a little?\" He smiled evilly and nodded. \"Sounds like fun.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 I gave Jesse a tight, long hug before pulling back and smiling at him, he grinned back. We stood at the end of my lawn, by the door to the gate. \"As always Mister Tuck, you know how to show a girl a good time,\" I smirked, folding my hands in front of me. \"I do hope you're able to stay here for the school year, my friends would like you.\" \"I am considering it,\" he admitted, putting his hands in jacket pockets and leaning against his motorcycle. \"Am I to have my hopes up yet?\" I questioned hopefully. \"Hmm,\" he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. \"Maybe you can hope a little, no harm in that I suppose.\" \"Yes! I'm getting you closer to staying!\" I laughed victoriously, jumping up and down. \"I don't care what you say at this point Jesse, we're friends and you have a reason to stay here. If not for me, those damn amazing sun rises on The Eiffel Tower.\" \"My family doesn't have a reason to stay though.\" \"Well maybe I'll make a reason for them. Wait and see, I'll come up with something,\" I vowed, putting my hand over my heart. \"There isn't a doubt in my mind,\" he chuckled. He gave me another quick hug before pulling his helmet over his straight brown hair. \"I'll text you.\" \"Please do,\" I nodded, opening the gate and taking a step inside, I closed it behind me and rested my arms up against it. \"See ya later Jesse.\" \"Yeah, later Lily.\" He waved. As his motorcycle revved to life, I wanted to say something to him. But he ripped down the road before I could manage it out. \"I'm breaking up with him,\" I muttered, staring after him. I watched as the darkness swallowed him and sighed deeply. Before I turned and headed inside for the night, I heard someone clear their throat from the other side of the of the fence, behind me. I glanced in the direction and I stopped myself from gasping. The Man in the Yellow Suit stood on the other side, starring in at me. \"Excuse me young lady,\" he greeted, \"but may I ask you a few questions?\" \"I really have to get inside, it's late,\" I replied stiffly. \"I don't know you so I'm pretty sure my parents wouldn't appreciate me speaking with you.\" \"I just have a quick one. Do you know where the Tuck Family lives?\" he asked. \"You obviously know one of them.\" \"So you're some kind of stalker then. Good night sir.\" \"Hold on!\" he called after me. He sounded angry now, which made me walk a little bit faster. I ignored him as he yelled after me and went inside. I shut the door behind me and locked it. I ripped my phone out of my pocket and my hands shook a little while I typed a text in, to Jesse. I just ran into The Man in the Yellow Suit \"Are you okay Lily?\" Jesse asked franticly through the other end of the phone. \"What did he want?\" I was sitting on the steps of my porch, my parents still at work. It was the middle of the day now and I guess Jesse just noticed my message. \"I'm fine. But he wanted to know where you and your family lives. I have no doubt that, that was the same guy in my dream. He's after the fountain,\" I informed him, pressing my phone to my ear probably harder than I should. \"After the fountain,\" he repeated wearily. It sounded like he was rubbing his face. \"Shit.\" \"Should I just ignore him if he comes around again?\" \"Avoid and ignore. Make sure he's never following you though.\" \"Of course.\" My dreams went over and over again in my mind relentlessly. \"I'll take…precautions.\" \"Like?\" \"My dad gave me a pocket knife and pepper spray.\" \"We don't want to kill the guy Lily,\" he chuckled. \"I'll just use the pepper spray.\" \"Do you want to hang out today?\" \"Um maybe later. I'll call you when I'm free. I have,\" a car stopped in front of my house, \"something to take care of before I can head anywhere.\" \"Sure. Talk to ya later.\" \"Yeah. Bye Jessie.\" I shut my phone and got to my feet as Duke locked his car and went to the gate. He came inside and grinned at me. \"Heh baby, what's going on?\" I toke a small step away from him and folded my arms in front of me. \"I thought we should talk.\" He rose an eyebrow then burst out laughing. \"Good one babe. Talking , right. You're funny.\" I frowned. \"I mean it Duke.\" \"Uh huh,\" he said slowly. \"Well let's make this quick. I was heading over to Wanda's house.\" My eyes grew. \"Wanda? Why are you going over there?\" \"Just to hang.\" I knew this was a straight up lie, Wanda was his girlfriend before me. You just don't 'hang out' with your ex. My temper flared. \"It's over Duke.\" \"Wha? Just because I'm heading over to Wanda's?\" \"No,\" I mumbled. \"Because you have no intentions of being a real boyfriend to me. You're only going out with me to get physical and get good stories to share with your friends! You hurt me and you don't even care! I should have stopped this a long time ago! I could…do so much better!\" \"It's this Jesse Tuck isn't it? I knew he's been hanging around you too much! You don't know what you're saying!\" \"I know exactly what I'm saying! And don't you blame anything on Jesse! This is my decision! It's over. Goodbye Duke.\" \"Heh, you hold on!\" he shouted, grabbing my arm tightly before I could walk away from him. \"Girls don't break up with me ! I'm the whole package! You want me!\" \"Sorry to disappoint you,\" I growled before kicking right in between his legs. He made a high pitched sound before he let me go and fell onto his stomach. I ran into the house and locked the door. I was quick as I ran around the house closing blinds. After a few minutes there was pounding on the front door, and yelling. I of course ignored and went into my room. I opened the window and climbed right out of it, being as quiet as possible. I didn't allow my mind to wander too much as I quietly landed on the ground. I looked around before jumping the fence and heading into town.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 I'm so sorry I haven't updated sooner! I'm just so terrible with keeping with my stories. I'll try my best not to get distracted! \"So you finally did it huh?\" Daniela breathed in relief. She laid on her back under the tree in her front yard. I broke up with Duke about…ten minutes ago. I just needed to tell someone. \"Yep.\" \"What did it for you? Did he say something stupid?\" \"I was already planning to break up with him before he showed up at me house,\" I replied, \"but yeah, he said some pretty stupid stuff.\" \"That's what I thought. So are you going to be single for a while or do you have someone else in mind?\" she smirked evilly. I rolled my eyes. \"Give me a break. I didn't split with Duke to be with Jessie. Don't be silly.\" \"Oh come on Lily, don't you be silly. You were perfectly content with your relationship with Duke until this Jessie Tuck rolled into town.\" \"He just helped me understand the terrible relationship I was in, so I followed his advice to cut it off with him, so I can be happy not so I can go do the same thing with Jessie. You don't even know him.\" \"I actually met him about an hour ago,\" she informed me. \"He is hot. If you're not going to go for him I am.\" \"You met him?\" I asked, surprised now. \"Yeah, he came walking in front of my house and I noticed him from your discretion. We talked for a while before you showed up.\" \"What'd you talk about?\" \"Weird stuff, like, if I went into the forest by your house often, or if I noticed a guy in a yellow suit wandering around. I didn't exactly understand where he was coming from but damn, he could talk to me about that weird stuff all day .\" \"You're drooling Daniela,\" I snickered, shaking my head at my young friend. She whipped her mouth to make sure then glanced back at me. \"Do you know what he was talking about?\" \"Not a clue.\" \"Hm.\" She let out a deep breath. \"So?\" \"So what?\" \"So have you told him about the break up?\" \"It just happened not even a half an hour ago.\" \"So?\" \"So what ?\" \"So are you going to tell him?\" \"Why would I?\" \"Uh, you consider him a friend in the least don't you?\" \"Duh.\" \"Friends tell friends that kind of stuff. By you not telling him that, it shows me that you don't want to because you're afraid to go out with him.\" \"Afraid? I am not-!\" \"Give me one good reason why you don't want to,\" she ordered, sitting up and shaking her finger at me. \"I don't know him all to well. I haven't met the other half of his family. He might not be living here for too much longer. I'm not interested in him like that . That's a solid four good reasons Daniela.\" \"But he treats you nice, he's good looking, he seems very smart, and he's definitely into you.\" \"Will you just…what'd you say?\" \"He's totally into you Lily.\" I blushed and looked up towards the sun to hide it. \"I'm not really in the position to start dating again. Being single in between guys is only healthy.\" \"Excuses, excuses, excuses,\" she sighed deeply. \"Well when someone's in denial you can't do much,\" she told herself. \"I'm not in denial . I simply just want to be free of a boyfriend for a while. Maybe I'll use the time to get to know Jessie better, maybe I won't, it doesn't matter, I'm a free girl now. And who are you to judge me, when was it that you broke up with Brad?\" \"Three months,\" she mumbled. \"But that's because there hasn't been any guys I've been interested in.\" \"Bingo, so you're just being an hypocrite if you give me crap about not going out with someone.\" \"But not just someone, Jesse Tuck!\" Then my phone vibrated in my back pocket. \"Speak of the devil. I can bet money it's him,\" Daniela giggled like a very small child would. \"I'm not going to bet with you.\" I pulled it out of my pocket and checked the number. Damn, I hate when she's right. \"Hello,\" I greeted through the phone. \"Heh Lily, I know you were going to call me but I wanted to let you know that I'm going to be out of town for a few days.\" \"Huh? Where are you going?\" \"I'm going to look for that guy. It won't be more than two days.\" \"When are you leaving?\" \"Um…\" \"You're already gone aren't you,\" I assumed. \"Maybe.\" I huffed and rubbed my face with my other hand. \"Okay, you could have told me earlier you know.\" That's a lie, if he called earlier it would have been during or after I broke up with Duke. \"I just thought it would be better to get on the road sooner, so I can get back sooner. Plus I have a sneaking suspicion that you would have put up a good fight about it,\" he explained. I heard the radio in the background. Sounded like the really old, oldies station. Why in the world would he listen to that? \"Pft, I would not,\" I laughed. \"Okay, maybe I'd argue a little.\" \"Mm hm. I'll call you when I get back okay?\" \"Uh…never mind.\" \"What?\" \"It's nothing, never mind. Forget I said anything.\" \"Lily, I'm racking up a phone bill here.\" \" Fine, I was thinking that every morning,\" I blushed as I hesitated, \"I'd wake up early and go The Eiffel Tower. If you're back then I'll meet you there. If you're not then I know you're still gone.\" He chuckled through the phone. \"That sounds like a great idea Lily. I can't wait to find you there.\" \"I-I can't wait for you to find me,\" I blushed. \"Bye Jesse.\" \"Bye.\" I hung up and practically felt the steam come out of my ears. Daniela burst out laughing. \"Oh my god Lily, you're redder than a circus tent! What was that about not liking him that way again? I don't think I caught all of it.\" And the pressure came back to my whole body. \"You're an ass Daniela.\" That only made her laugh harder. \"What are you afraid of? Go out with him!\" \"You want to know why I'm afraid of, I'm afraid of being rejected like anyone else! He's not…like normal guys. I can't figure out what his true intentions are, unlike other guys who make it very obvious.\" \"I agree, but life is all about taking risks. And trust me, he's not going to turn you down,\" she reassured me. \"Well, enough of this gushy shit.\" She got up onto her feet. \"You want to go listen to some new songs I got on my iPod?\" \"Uh sure,\" I nodded, getting up too. \"And…can you not tell anyone about this conversation?\" \"Sure, it is quite personal isn't it?\" she smirked.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 I'd like to thank the people who've given me such amazing positive reviews! You guys are awesome! But I'd like to thank all the reader, who's being patient with me with updating! You guys are legit! ;D I do not own Tuck Everlasting, the book or the movie, so don't sue me ya' all. I yawned and glanced down at the time on my phone. \"Well, he's not coming back today,\" I told myself, hugging my legs again. \"He said no more than two days.\" It's been four. I would text him but I have a feeling he wants to concentrate on other things, beside a pissed off friend. The sunrise has already been replaced by the a blue sky but I was just too tired to get up and head back down the Eiffel Tower. Jesse was right, the sunrise this time was more beautiful than the one yesterday, and that one was more gorgeous than the one before that, and so on. I'm pretty sure I'd fall if I was this tired while trying to get down. I didn't slip while going up because I was hopeful that Jesse would be coming back today and would meet me up there, like he said he would. I wanted to stay awake since I didn't want to fall asleep on a rock, but when I closed my eyes, my fate was sealed. I was so tired . I guess it won't be such a terribly awful thing for me just to take a little cat… \"Heh! Heh you girl!\" someone yelled. I twitched awake and fell onto my back. I looked backward and saw a guy standing behind me. He was in his early twenties and pretty tall. His hair was a light brown, same with his eyes, and he looked mad . I quickly got onto my feet. \"Who are you?\" I demanded, my heart beating a bit faster than normal. \"That's my question. Who are you and what are you doing up here?\" he demanded right back at me. \"I asked first.\" \"I'm older and bigger than you.\" I gulped and took a small step back. \"I was waiting for someone up here, who didn't show up. Why are you up here?\" \"I heard snoring from up here and I wanted to see what kind of animal would make such a noise.\" I frowned. \"I do not snore. Now if you'll let me leave-.\" \"Who are you ?\" \"I'm Lily Owens okay! Let me leave!\" His eyebrows rose a little. \"You were waiting up here for Jesse weren't you?\" My mouth gapped a little. \"You know Jesse?\" The unknown man grumbled something under his breath then said roughly, \"Stay away from Jesse. Stay away from my family. You don't know what you're getting yourself into, so back off.\" The acid on his tongue went right through me. \"Y-You're Miles aren't you! Jesse's brother! He warned me about you.\" \"Warned you did he?\" Miles started walking forward, towards me. Every step made me more anxious and I took small steps back. \"He only warned you? You'd think he would have learned from the first time around. He probably hasn't told you our family's big secret yet, but he likes to drag out those things. He'll definitely tell you,\" I reached the edge of the Eiffel Tower, \"but I can't have a repeat of last time.\" \"W-What are you going to do?\" I stammered, him being less than two feet away from me. He leaned down so his face wasn't very far from mine. \"If you stay away from my brother, I won't have to do anything.\" I furrowed my eyebrows at him and shoved him away from me. \"You can't push me around! You can't tell me what to do! So back off you jerk!\" He looked surprised for a few seconds before he recomposed his face. \"You don't know anything do you? You didn't even know that Jesse has been hiding something.\" He crossed his arms. \"It's either he's trying extra hard not to tell anyone this time or you're just as stupid as a rock.\" I poked him in the chest, pushing him back. \"You're an ass hole, you know that? Jeez, I felt bad for you when Jesse told me around your wife and kids but god , you're a bitter, bitter man! I kick bitter men in the asses if they make me mad enough, so guess what's going to happen to you if you don't get out of my way!\" He reluctantly stepped to the side to let me get down from The Eiffel Tower. \"You're damn right you get out of the way,\" I huffed, sitting down on the edge and slipping down the first nitch in the rock. \"As for whatever Jesse's been hiding from me, I'm going to figure it out as soon as he gets back.\" I started climbing down but he wasn't done. \"You're not like Winnie, not at all!\" he yelled down at me. I looked back up. \"No shit! I'm alive!\" After getting my feathers ruffled up by Miles I decided that my life was full of crazy men. There's Miles, Duke, and Jesse. My dad can be considered crazy but not compared to those three. I sighed as I sprawled across my couch. My mom had just called, telling me she was going to be working late and my dad called, saying he was going to go grocery shopping so he'd be home late. Normally I would be excited to get more time by myself, but I'm tired of being alone. I'm just not use to it. I heard some shuffling from outside and when I glanced out, I saw Mae walking by the front of my house. She carried some bags in her hands. I opened the window and slipped out, running to the fence. \"Mae!\" I called, waving my arms. She stopped and looked my way. She smiled kindly. \"Oh Lily, hello there child. How are you this beautiful day?\" \"I'm pretty good Mae, how about you?\" I grinned, pressing myself against the metal fence. I was happy to see such a friendly face. \"I just got done getting food,\" she lifted up her bags to show me, \"so I guess I'm just excited to make dinner.\" \"Is Jesse back yet?\" I asked. She shook her head. \"That little rascal said two days, tops. I haven't seen or heard from him in four.\" \"Same here. Then I don't suppose you know when he's getting back,\" I assumed, not making it a question. \"Not a clue my dear,\" she sighed. \"Aren't you worried?\" \"I'm just so use to Jesse and Miles traveling, I hardly worry about them anymore,\" she admitted. Mae looked down at her bags. \"Not to mention I know they're not going to get hurt or anything.\" \"Why?\" She looked back up to me. \"Oh did I say that out loud? My bad. I just meant that those boys know how to handle themselves, Jesse more out of the two of them actually. I just hope that he doesn't do anything stupid.\" My grip tightened on the bars. \"I ran into Miles this morning.\" She tried to hide the horror in her face, but some came through anyway. \"Did you now?\" I nodded. \"He said that Jesse was hiding something from me. Do you know what he's talking about?\" Her face turned a little red. \"Jesse hiding something from you ? That doesn't sound right.\" I pressed my forehead against the cool metal. \"Since Miles mentioned it, I've done a lot of thinking about it. It feels like he's been hiding something. Jesse's not like a…serial killer is he?\" \"Oh heaven no!\" she laughed. \"He would never do such a thing. He can't even kill a mosquito without feeling guilty.\" I thought a little bit more. \"Is he sick? Is he like dying of something?\" She shook her head. \"Jesse is not ill. He's probably the healthiest boys you know actually.\" \"Did he have a sex change?\" I grimaced. \"Oh what an imagination you have Lily,\" she chuckled, putting down one of her bags and patting my hand. \"I better get home before Angus starts to worry. It was a pleasure seeing you again.\" \"Bye,\" I waved from the other side of the barred-in gates. \"I hope I get to meet your husband soon.\" \"You and me both hon.\"[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Wow! Chapter One and Zero! I'm so proud that I made it this far! And you guys know what Chapter Ten means? It means something big is gonna happen! Woo drama and all that stuff! Once again, I do not own Tuck Everlasting. The Book, The Movie, The Characters, nothin'. Well I own my own personal character Lily Owens but she comes from a family line with Winnie Foster/Jackson, so technically I should give her existence to the Author. Man, that's all really complicated. So let's move onto Chapter Ten! Drama! \"I'm going to punch Jesse in the arm next time I see him,\" I vowed to myself while climbing up The Eiffel Tower, \"if he doesn't show up today.\" I pulled my self up onto the flat top of the rock tower and swore under my breath. He hadn't gotten here before me, which I was kind of hoping he would. But I guess I kind of promised to be here first, it was implied. It was still pitch dark out, so I knew I had a little while to relax before the sun came up. I only prayed that this time Miles wouldn't come up here. I'm not going to be falling asleep this time, I've taken a cold shower and drank six cans of Red Bull. I'm ready to take that jerk on if he tries to mess with me again. I'm pretty sure that right now I could have ran up the side of the Eiffel Tower, since I'm so hyped up. I sat down on the chilly rock and stared off at the direction where the sun will be rising. The sky was still navy blue but the horizon was a red, purple color. It'll be coming up sooner than I though. I pulled my blanket, tighter around my shoulder. I tied it around my neck so I could climb up, but now that I'm sitting I'm able to warm up a bit. I let my hair hand lose to help a little but covering my face but damn, I should have put on sweat pants, not jeans. A sweat shirt would be nicer than a long sleeve one. Instead of putting makeup on I could have grabbed a hat and gloves. Why didn't I get all of those things instead of making myself look nice? I blushed and covered my cheeks with the blanket. I shut my eyes firmly. I do not like Jesse like that. He's just a nice friend, that's all to me. I could hear Daniela yelling at me in the back of my head, bringing up a bunch of times that would prove otherwise. I reopened my eyes slowly and I flinched. My gaze adjusted and made out someone sitting in front of me, blocking the sunrise. They stared right back at me grinning. I gasped and smiled. \"Jesse!\" I yelled joyously, leaping forward into him. I put my arms around his neck and hugged him. \"You're back!\" Me being 'Captain Obvious' again, but I was far too happy to care at that moment. He hugged me back tightly and he sounded just as excited as I did. \"I'm sorry I wasn't back sooner, I know I said two days tops, but things got kind of held up.\" I leaned back and smacked him in the arm. \"You should have called me that you weren't going to be back in two days! Or texted me quick! Or at least let Mae know so she could tell me! God! Jesse Tuck you worried the living hell out of me! I was afraid that something bad happened!\" He chuckled lightly and hugged me again, more gently this time. \"I missed you too Lily. I couldn't find where The Man in the Yellow Suit was.\" I released a soft breath of contentment. \"That's okay.\" \"Is it really?\" I nodded. Then I recalled some things I should tell him. \"You know Duke?\" He pulled back and stared at me. \"Yeah? Is something wrong? Did he do something to you again?\" I shook my head quickly. \"I…I broke up with him.\" He rose his eyebrows. \"You did?\" \"Uh huh. I did the day you left.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Why didn't you tell me you were going to be gone longer?\" \"Touché.\" \"I also had a little encounter with Miles,\" I admitted quickly, trying to make it less of a blow. \" What ?\" I guess it didn't work. \"What'd he say?\" \"He said you were hiding something, a secret, from me.\" Even in this lighting I saw his face go pale. \"What's he talking about?\" \"U-Uh…\" \"It's got something to do with The Fountain doesn't it?\" \"U-U-Uh…\" \"It had to do with your whole family too right? Has to do with how your family knew my family back when Winnie was alive right?\" \"U-U-U-Uh…\" \"Jesse!\" \"I can't tell you Lily!\" \"Why? Why can't you tell me?\" \"I just can't, please understand that Lily.\" I got up onto my feet, refusing to start fighting with him about this again. He got up too and grabbed my hand before I could start down The Eiffel Tower. I turned to yell but he put one arm around me and he put his hand on my cheek. My eyes grew. His green eyes stared down at my blue, his lips parted slowly. \"I can't lose you too,\" he whispered. \"My great grandfather must have just rolled over in his grave,\" someone laughed as they came up to the top. Jesse pulled me closer and pushed me behind me as The Man in the Yellow Suit stood up tall. He tilted his head to the side and fixed his hat. \"Well Jesse Tuck, I can admit that you've been quite a pain to follow the last twenty years. My great grandfather would not believe that I found you. Now,\" he took a step forward, \"tell me where The Fountain is.\" \"I'll tell you the day after I die,\" he growled, cautiously moving the opposite way that the man moved. He kept me behind him. The Man's eyes came to mine and I shivered. \"You ought to know since you know Jesse so well , you must know. If you tell me Lily Owens I won't kill off every single Tuck I run across after I find The Fountain.\" \"Don't tell him a word. He can't hurt my family.\" The Man sighed, \"Well, then I guess I'll just have to figure it out by force.\" He reached into his jacket. Jesse obviously knew that he had a gun there, like I did. He grabbed me tightly and jumped us right off The Eiffel Tower. We were in mid-air for half a second before gravity set it and pulled up down. \"JESSE!\" I screamed as we neared the ground. He positioned us so he was on bottom but before I could do anything, we smashed into the forest floor. The impact made me lose grip on him and we both started rolling down the hill uncontrollably. I tried to stop but I was rolling far too fast to get a decent grip. I dodged trees, attempting to grab one of them, but failing miserably. I ran over rocks and sticks, which dug into my skin. A tree came out of no where and I quickly swerved to the side. But my leg smacked right into it, it stung but I kept on rolling. At the bottom of the hill, I slowed down to a stop, on my stomach. I panted for air for a few seconds before getting enough strength to look up. When I did, I saw Jesse rolling to a stop a few feet from me. My mind started to go a million miles per hour as I crawled over to him. His eyes were closed. \"Oh my god,\" I gasped, tears rippling out of my eyes. \"T-There's no way he could have lived through that!\" I grabbed his shirt with trembling hand and pulled on it. \"Jesse? Jesse? Jesse! Please , please don't be dead!\" I cried hysterically. \" No ! This can't be happening ! Open your eyes Jesse! God, please no !\" I put my head on him, unable to talk anymore. I put my hand in his. I felt him take a staggered breath and his fingers tightened around mine. He groaned. My eyes grew and I shot my head up. \"Man,\" he moaned, opening his eyes, \"that hurt a little.\" I squeezed his hand. \"Y-You're alive?\" I shook like a leaf. He sat up and cracked his neck. \"I guess so.\" \"Jesse! How did you survive that?\" I screamed in horror. \"You just took the impact for me! How are you not dead?\" \"Uh…\" \"Oh my god, if you don't give me and explanation right now, I'm going to lose it!\" I exclaimed, tears still making a waterfall on my cheeks. \"Lily-.\" \"Are you afraid I'm going to run away, because I'm not!\" \"Lily, I-.\" \"I won't tell anyone either, I swear! I wouldn't-.\" \"Lily, I'm 234 years old!\" I blinked a few times. \"So…you're like a vampire or something?\" \"No,\" he sighed, running his fingers through his hair. \"When my family and I first moved here 217 years ago, we stopped for water. We drank from The Fountain, not knowing what it was. All we cared about it that it was the best water we've ever tasted. It was like…drinking clouds, cool clouds. It wasn't until years later when I fell, when we suspected anything was wrong with us. I landed right on my neck, I should have been dead instantly. I wasn't aging, no one was. Even my dad got bit by a poisonous snake, lived through it. All of us should be dead now, but because of The Fountain, we completely unable to die.\" I couldn't let go of his hand. Even now that he told me that he was some immortal. \"T-That's why Miles wife left him.\" He nodded. \"That' why that man had been after your family.\" He nodded again. \"That's…how you knew Grandma Winnie.\" He nodded more slowly this time. I wiped the tears off of my face and let out a heavy breath. \"Well…I guess it could be worse. You could be a serial killer, or dying, or you could actually be a girl. So…Miles is going to be pissed huh?\" \"Yeah,\" he shrugged, \"but it'll be worth telling you.\" I smiled weakly. \"Can I ask you something Jesse?\" \"Go ahead.\" \"Did you and Grandma Winnie have something for each other?\" I asked, truly being curious. \"Um…\" \"Oh my god,\" I laughed. \"That's so gross. How far did you guys go?\" \"Er…\" \"That far? That's a little weird but it never got farther than making out right?\" I wondered. \"No.\" \"A straight answer! Good for you Jesse,\" I giggled. \"Shouldn't you be more freaked out than this?\" he inquired. \"Maybe I should,\" I considered. \"But I'm just glad that I understand so much more now.\" I took his other hand. \"We should probably get out of here before The Man in the Yellow Suits shows up again huh?\" \"I like that idea.\" We both got onto our feet but I fell back down when a stinging shot up my leg. I cringed and grabbed it. \"Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow! Damn, that hurts like a bitch!\" Once the pain faded I tried to get up again but the same thing happened. \"God! I must have hit my leg harder on that tree than I thought.\" I got picked up by Jesse, who was completely unscathed. He put me onto his back. \"I'll see what I can do to help once we get you back to your house.\" I blushed a little as I put my arms around his neck. \"Thanks Jesse.\" \"It's the least I can do since I was the one that came up with the genius idea to jump off the pile of rocks that's taller than The Eiffel Tower in Paris,\" he joked. Jesse started running in the direction of my house. \"I'm still glad I told you Lily.\" \"I'm glad you told me, too.\"[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Drama! Hahaha. I wasn't kidding! I'm having so much more fun writing now that Lily knows about Jesse being an immortal! But you know what immortals can't do, they can't claim books/movies as theirs is FanFics. *Shaking Head* Nope, no one can do that. So I do not claim Tuck Everlasting as mine. Feel Free To Review, I love to get reviews, or Check out my profile! \"Sorry,\" Jesse apologized. I blew my hair out of my face. \"You don't have to apologize every time I say 'Ow'. It's my fault I ran into that stupid tree. Ow!\" \"Sorry,\" he apologized again, slowly twisting my leg, getting ready to do that thing he did with my arm. \"And it's not entirely your fault.\" \"Well it's not yours . He was about to take out his gun on us. At that close of a distance, it would have went right through you and hit me. I'd rather be treatable than dead, which is very untreatable by the way.\" Then he suddenly twisted it to the side. My eyes bulged out of my eyes. I quickly grabbed a pillow and screamed into that. \"I know, I know,\" he sighed, sitting on the coffee table next to the couch I was laying on. I took the pillow off of my face and looked at him. \"But what are we suppose to do next time? I don't own a gun, and I wouldn't shoot him even if I did.\" \"I wouldn't be able to either, what would we say to the police? He was pulling a gun on us because he wanted us to bring him to The Fountain of Youth. Oh yeah, can you say death row?\" \"Of course I couldn't die even if I went on death row. And I sure we have options for this…just not very good ones.\" \"You just can run okay? You and your family can't move away! He'd just follow you guys.\" \"He wouldn't bother with us if he had another person who knows, someone who isn't changed, someone he can actually threaten. I'm not leaving you here to be that person for him.\" I sat up and tucked some of my hair behind my ear. \"What'd you do the first time this happened? With Grandma Winnie?\" I've been remembering all the stories she told me when she was alive. \"My mom…hit him in the back of the head. She killed him.\" I covered my mouth. \"We can't do that.\" \"No we can't. The police system is better than it was back then. They'd follow us everywhere until we're in prison. They'd notice how we'd never get old. It's definitely not an option.\" I stared at him blankly for a few moments, like I was searching for the obvious answer in his eyes. There just…wasn't anything we could do. \"What do you think That Man would do if he got to The Fountain?\" I mumbled, hugging my legs now. \"Probably do the same thing his great grandfather wanted to do. Sell the water to people who want to live forever. But that can't happen, the wheel has to keep on turning, otherwise the whole world will be still and completely pointless. No one will die and make room for the new generation. It's already bad enough that one family has run across this black magic, if everyone in the world uses it…\" He didn't bother to finish the sentence. I frowned a little. \"Is it so wrong to not want to die?\" \"Everyone is afraid of death Lily, but it's a part of life. Winnie understood that and made a good life for herself, even though she could have lived forever.\" I took my eyes away from his and blushed a little. \"You know Jesse…I'm not like Grandma Winnie.\" He opened his mouth to say something but there was a knock on the door. I quickly jumped off of the couch and ran to the door, just wanting to get out of what I just said. God I'm stupid! I sighed and opened the door. When I recognized who it was, I locked the screen door almost like a reflex. \"Open this damn door Lily!\" Duke ordered, kicking it like a child. \"You wanted to talk, this is the time to talk!\" \"That kick must have been pretty subtle, that was me done talking to you! Now get out of here!\" \"I told Wanda it was over! I admit that I was planning something with her but it's over now!\" he yelled. \"I don't care. So get out of here.\" I started shutting the door but someone pulled it back open. I looked behind me and Jesse had done that. He narrowed his eyes at Duke and he did the same back. \"I assume this is you ex.\" \"I assume this is that Tuck guy.\" Jesse rose an eyebrow. \"'Tuck guy'? You don't hear me calling you the 'Ass hole guy'. I have a name.\" \"Heh you watch it kid! I could kick your ass all the way to China!\" Duke threatened, growling at him. \"Wow,\" he rolled his eyes, \"that's original. Now can you leave before I don't get original with you?\" \"Back off Pretty Boy and back off my girl!\" Uh oh! Jesse pushed past me, opened the door, went outside, and punched Duke right in the nose. I stumbled out of the door but it he had already done it. Duke fell onto his back and had a bloody nose. He was going to lunge at him again but I stood in front of him.\"Jesse! Don't be stupid! He's not worth it!\" \"You bastard!\" Duke yelled, finding that his nose was bleeding. \"I bet you're just jealous that Lily did certain things with me that-.\" I spun around and punched him in the face too. This time he didn't sit up though, he was out like a light. I shook out my hand. \"God, what a jerk.\" \" Wow ,\" Jesse laughed. \"Nice one Lily.\" I turned to him. \"Did you have to piss him off like that?\" I questioned, picking up Duke by his arms. \"Take his feet.\" He did and helped me carry him to the gate. \"One, he called me a 'Pretty Boy', and two, he claimed you like…like you were something to be possessed! I had a perfectly good reason to give him a good one right in the nose.\" \"I can take care of myself. I gave him a good kick to a certain area the day I broke up with him. If I can handle your little secret, I think I can handle an insane ex-boyfriend,\" I pointed out, leading us out of the gate and to his car. I set him down on the ground there. \"This is a good place to put him.\" \"Okay,\" he nodded, dropping Duke's feet onto the cement. \"And maybe you can protect yourself with Duke, but The Man in the Yellow Suit is another story.\" \"I didn't say that it wasn't another story.\" I locked the gate and started back towards the house with Jesse by my side. \"I…I know that I can't handle him on my own. Maybe if he didn't have that damn gun I could.\" He chuckled and put his arm around my shoulder. \"We both could if he didn't have that damn gun.\" I laughed too, blushing a little from him holding me like that. Even though I was already flushed, I put my arms around his mid-section anyway. \"So, what are we suppose to do for the rest of the day?\" I asked him. \"I'd prefer not talk about The Fountain and That Man for at least the rest of the day. A lot has happened today and there's a lot to let soak it.\" \"I guess I can give you that much. But…I have a place in mind.\" \"You do?\" He nodded as we went back into the house. \"Where is this place?\" He shook his finger at me. \"Maybe it would be better not to go until tonight. It's a lot more fun then.\" \"Uh sure, I trust you. So are you going to stay for dinner?\" I asked. He considered the thought. \"I think I will. I'll just text my family all the details about today.\" \"Good way to stay away from Miles when he finds out you told me, huh?\" I smirked, pulling him onto the couch with me. \"It's like you read my mind,\" he chuckled, looking down into my blue eyes. \"But I don't have to do any of that right away.\" \"You don't think your parents will be too mad, do you?\" \"My dad won't be so happy but my mom…I…I don't know how'd she react. Miles will murder me, or attempt to anyway.\" My expression fell a bit. \"It sounds like you're going to be in a lot of trouble because of me.\" \"Oh yeah, I'm knee deep in trouble because of you. But,\" he sighed, staring up at the ceiling, \"it was worth it. Probably made you safer to know my family's secret, actually. You eventually would have found out from The Man in the Yellow Suit, but in his own point of view. Which that would have been dangerous for you.\" \"Is that all you care about? People's safety?\" \"No. It's mainly just yours I concern myself with.\" I noticed the pinkish tint on his cheeks. His eyes met mine again and I tried to prevent myself from drowning in the emerald green. \"It seems, lately, I can't focus on anything…besides you. 24/7, all I see when I close my eyes is that face of yours. Every time I let my mind wander a bit, there you are. And what really drives me to my wits end…is that I like it.\" I couldn't breath as he put a hand behind my neck and I leaned forward a bit. My heart was fluttering and my stomach was knotting. I couldn't decided whether to cry, laugh, or puke my intestines out. Or all three at the same time. All of the emotions a normal human could possess, were multiplied by a hundred and jumped around in my head like it was a Bouncy Castle. When we were only inches apart he muttered lowly, \"E-Even when I'm completely set up to do something like this, the back of my brain is pestering me by saying things like, 'Does she feel the same way?' 'Is she going to want to kiss me back?' 'Am I doing the right thing by pulling her into all of this, just because I've been waiting for someone like her, longer than she's been alive?'.\" I pressed my forehead against his and whispered, \"Yes.\" Jesse relaxed a bit before pulling my closer to him. We both moved together slowly, absorbing the moment, wanting this to never end. I knew that, even though I was nervous, I wanted him more than anything I've ever wanted before. I didn't care if he was some immortal that had a thing for a great, great grandmother a hundred years ago. All I cared about was in this exact moment. Of course there's no such thing as a perfect moment apparently, because right before everything was completely right with the world, the front door opened and my dad called, \"Lily, why is Duke passed out in front of the house?\"[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 I know, I know, it was cheesy to end the last chapter like that, but I didn't want them to kiss…yet! But anyway, I want to point out something quick. For some odd reason Jesse and Lily didn't go to his 'Secret Place' until the next night. I don't know why, I just needed them to get out of that day. Too much happened, I didn't want to cram another scene into the same day. It just gets really crowded. So this is the next night , after that whole thing with Jesse coming back, and The Man in the Yellow Suit almost pulling a gun on them, and Jesse jumping them off of The Eiffel Tower, leading to Lily finding out about The Tucks being immortals because of The Fountain, and Duke showing up at her house, begging for her to come back to him, where both of them gave him a good punch in the face, and Jesse and Lily almost kissing before her dad coming home from grocery shopping. Jeez, I did put a lot of stuff into that one day, I need to space stuff out better man. Disclaimer: I do not own Tuck Everlasting . The Book, the Movie, nothin'. My FanFic is based off of the story written by someone else . Thank you and enjoy. ;0) \"Lily! L-I-L-Y! Wake up!\" I shot my head up from my pillow a little to quickly and my head pulsated. I groaned as I tried to focus on the window. Of course Jesse was there waking me up for some reason. Oh right! I jumped out of bed, fully clothed and glanced at the clock. It was one in the morning. Man alive! \"What the hell is with you and getting up so early?\" I yawned, pulling some random shoes onto my feet. \"What's with you complaining when you know it's going to be worth it?\" he smiled a very Jesse Tuck smile. \"I'll give you that one. Am I going to need anything special for this little trip?\" I asked, looking around my room. \"A swimsuit,\" he replied simply. \"We're going swimming?\" \" Maybe . Can you swim?\" \"Of course I can swim.\" I went to my dresser and pulled it out of the top drawer. It was a light blue bikini. Nothing special about it. \"Anything else?\" \"I got anything we might need in my backpack.\" \"Anything?\" \"Anything.\" It made you wonder what he thought we might need. Or what he thought we wouldn't . Of course he said anything. Maybe his backpack is like Mary Poppins' endless bag. I knew that kind of thing didn't exist, but then again Jesse and his family is a perfect example of things that shouldn't be real. I loosely pulled my hair back into a pony tail and went over to the window. He climbed back down at a break-neck speed. I followed after him, being more careful with where I put my feet, than him. Well if he fell it's not like he'd get hurt . Unlike me, where if I fell I'd break something I'd probably need in the future. I jumped down the last three feet and as soon as I turned around, Jesse dropped his heavy backpack into my arms. \"I'm driving there so you're going to have to wear that on you're back,\" he explained, walking towards the road. I slipped it onto my back, huffed and caught up to him. \"You sure did put a lot of stuff in here.\" \"Of course. It's not like we're going to be close to anywhere else. But you probably didn't know that.\" \"No, I didn't. You're not telling me anything remember?\" I reminded him. \"All I know is that we're going out of town and the place is somewhere we can swim. You're being very vague.\" \"And that's exactly how I wanted it,\" he smirked, getting onto his motorcycle. He handed me a helmet. I tilted my head at him and smiled. \"You just love to mess with me as much as possible, don't you?\" \"Every chance I can get.\" I took the helmet from him and got on. I held onto him extra tight as we went through the woods, off road. There was a tiny, unused trail that we were riding down. Every time we went over a bump, thanks to his damn backpack, I almost fell off. \"A-A-Are w-w-e a-a-almost the-the-there?\" I asked, my voice jumping at the lumps in the trail. \"J-J-J-Just a l-little f-farther,\" he replied, trying to keep his sentences short. We hit another huge rock and I grip onto him before I flip off. \"Jesus!\" I got that out without stammering, since I said it so quick. I readjusted myself before we hit another one. Luckily we came onto a relatively smooth part of the path and I was able to look around. It was still dark but it was easy to see the trees from the moon beaming down through the openings though the leaves. When I looked up I gawked at the stars like I'd never seen them before. The moon was white and glowing brightly, it made everything appear paler and softer. Even the bark on the trees had that appearance. Then we suddenly came to a stop and when he cut the engine, I heard water, it was loud. I peaked around him and saw the waterfall, leading into something that almost looked like a lagoon. The water was blue, and not that fake blue you see in mini golf or cheap amusement parks, the real blue that you learned as a child, but never really saw with your own two eyes. I could hardly believe a place like this existed. \"Wow,\" I smiled lightly, putting my arms around his neck. \"It's remarkable here Jesse. Beautiful.\" \"I always loved this place,\" he breathed, touching my hand gently. \"Doesn't look much different either.\" \"I bet you love any place that's been untouched by civilization. There isn't many places like this anymore.\" \"Tell me about it. I guess that is something bad about time.\" He stared at it for a few moments before holding my arms around his neck and picked me right off of the motorcycle. I giggled and wrapped my legs around his waist while he gave me a piggy-back ride to the edge of the water. He laughed when I shrieked a little when he acted like he was going to trip. \"You ready to swim?\" \"You go on ahead, I need to get my swimsuit on.\" He allowed me off of his back but as soon as my feet touched the ground, I fell backwards because of the weight of the backpack. I stared up at him, a little startled. \"I hate this thing.\" He chuckled. \"You can put it down here. I don't think anyone is going to steal it,\" he assured me, taking his jacket off. He already had his swim trunks on so he just had to take everything else off. I happily, got off of the stupid thing then pushed it aside. I grabbed my swimsuit from inside of the front pocket then took a quick glance at Jesse. He dived into the water, giving me a little privacy . I speedily took everything off, with daring to check on Jesse again, and put my suit on twice the speed of taking my clothes off. After getting it on, I felt slightly better, but I knew what we were both expecting from this night. A romantic location, swimming, showing skin, the lack of the first kiss on our minds, thanks to my dad. I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that he expected anything more than a…a little making out, but he did pack anything we might need. It still haunted me that he might be expecting less than I did. That I want something like this more than he does, after all he was into my great, great grandmother. Which is still gross. But it could be weirder right? He could have had something for my mom. I sharp shiver rolled up and down my spine. I took a deep breath and pulled my pony tail out. I threw the bands on top of the backpack then ran and jumped off of the rock. The water rushed up my body in a wave of coolness. I popped my head back up and moved my wet hair out of my face. I searched around for Jesse, but couldn't spot him. I swam a little towards the waterfall, thinking he was hiding behind the corner. He wasn't. And I knew he didn't drown . I had a bad feeling in my gut. I shrieked as I got lifted out of the water. \"Oh my god! Jesse Tuck!\" He laughed from under the water, as he walked over to the edge, where it was more shallow, with me on his shoulders. Since it was more shallow over there, he could at least have his mouth above the water. \"I sure got you that time Lily!\" I held onto his head, trying not to fall off. I was laughing along though. \"You scared the living hell out of me!\" \"Then I guess my mission was successful then.\" \"I sure hope you know that I'm going to get you back some day.\" \"What ever you say.\" I smiled kindly and slide off of him, and into the water. I took his hands and pulled him into the deeper water. \"Well we came here to swim.\" He smirked and pulled me a little closer. \"We came here to swim.\"[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 Well I don't have much to say this time. Sorry, nothing comes to me on Tuesdays. So let's skip right into the disclaimer. I own nothing! Tuck Everlasting belongs to me, not! I wish, but I don't. Chapter 13! \"Heh Jesse?\" I whispered, laying next to him on the blanket, by the waterfall. We were wet but we had normal clothes on again. We both stared up at the crystal clear stars in the sky, our hands were intertwined together. \"Hm?\" \"Do you think people handle their own fate? Or is there some greater power that decides it all for us?\" I felt his eyes turn onto me but I just continued to stare up. \"I'd like to think I control my own future.\" I grinned a little. \"But no body can control everything in their destiny.\" \"True.\" \"It's probably why people hate time, because they can't control everything that happens. And that scares them.\" \"It sounds like it scares you .\" \"Pft, scared? Where would you get that idea?\" \"You did bring the subject up?\" I was quiet for a few moments. \"Everyone is afraid of not being ready for their fate when it comes. Of course you probably don't have to worry about that kind of stuff anymore, huh?\" \"I wouldn't say that. I'm still afraid that some one is going to come along, I trust them enough to tell them my family's secret, and then they tell other people. Which is why Miles hates me being social with the public.\" I put my arm across his chest and hugged him. \"I'm not going to tell a soul. There's no way anyone could pry those words from my mouth. And I personally don't care about what Miles thinks about us.\" Us. \"Us?\" he inquired. I blushed a little and met his eyes. It turned out he was blushing right along with me. It made the butterflies a little smaller. \"Yeah. Us. I mean,\" I shuddered a little, trying to make the nervousness away, \"well you know.\" \"Well…we are sort of past the whole friend thing huh?\" I put my head against his shoulder, trying to hide my face while chuckling. \"Just a bit.\" I peaked up at him. He stared at me, amused by how embarrassed I was. His eyes held admiration though, showing me that he honestly did care for me. Some things still bothered me though. \"You have no idea how much you confuse me.\" He rose an eyebrow. \"I confuse you?\" \"Profusely and frequently.\" \"What are you so perplexed about Lily?\" I sat up and crossed my legs. I bravely made eye contact directly with him. \"You make me experience wonderful things, you bring me to wonderful places, you make me feel…wonderful. You protect me and you talk to me. But,\" I can't talk about this now, I mean it's ridiculous to talk about it before we've even kissed , I've gotta go a different direction with this, \"I haven't even met your dad yet.\" \"You want to meet my dad?\" he repeated, slightly confused. \"Yeah! I know he isn't happy with you right now but maybe if he met me, he'd loosen up on you a little bit.\" \"Uh okay. We can plan all of that tomorrow. You're the weirdest person I ever met Lily Owens, and that's really saying something.\" \"Is that so?\" He curled my finger around a bit of my already curly hair. I smiled, noticing how much I liked him doing that. He sat up too and put his hand on top of mine. \"Absolutely.\" \"Well you know what you are Jesse Tuck?\" I muttered, beaming at him. I knew my eyes sparkled a little when I said that. \"What is that?\" he asked, putting his hand on my cheek. \"You are the only boy I've ever known, that I actually care for, even though you're over ten times older than me.\" \"The old card, very classy,\" he snickered. \"And I care for you too, probably a little more than a dangerous amount.\" \"Really?\" Wow, why'd I let that out of my mouth? \"Well yeah . Lily of course, I love you.\" He pulled me forward and pressed his lips against mine sweetly. My heart burst in both astonishment and utter bliss. I put my arms around him and closed my eyes. He tipped his head to the side slightly and softened his kisses a bit, made them more passionate. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end, enjoying the crackling and rumbling of my nerves. My senses were acutely aware of every gasp for air, every shiver, every touch. We both stared at each other deeply once we pulled back. Our faces were pressed together, searching each other's eyes. He loves me . \"I love you too Jesse,\" I whispered, a weight finally lifting off of me. It's been there the moment I saw him standing in front of Grandma Winnie's tombstone. It's finally lifted though. And it was a alleviating feeling. We accepted each other's lips all too willingly. \"I'll be back tonight to pick you us,\" Jesse informed me. It was the next day and he had just brought me home. I was leaned up against the front door, staring up at him, trying to focus on what he was saying, and not his mouth. I think he noticed. I did have that stupid lookin' smile on my face too. He tilted my head up to meet his liquid emerald eyes. \"Then I'll bring you to my house to meet my family, more formally.\" \"Why can't I just go with now?\" \"I'd really prefer to get them to calm down a bit so no one, Miles, is going to get hurt for saying something stupid to you.\" \"Sorry you have to get in so much trouble.\" \"Don't worry about it, I knew I was going to happen when I decided to start hanging out with you. I've been preparing myself.\" \"I sure hope so, it sounds like you're going to go through hell as soon as you get home.\" I shook my head. \"If it means anything, I don't plan to tell a soul about any of thing and I want to help with The Man in the Yellow Suit.\" \"It means a lot, you're able to handle yourself better than...\" \"Grandma Winnie?\" \"Yeah.\" His cheeks were a bit pink. I reached up and touched the color. \"I might be different from her, which I am, but I still want to keep your family's secret safe.\" He leaned down and kissed me for a few seconds, elevating the mood from serious to the same mood we had last night, complete ecstasy. He pulled back a little but I wanted just a bit more. I took his hand and gave him a single kiss that lasted only moments. Then I tilted myself back again. \"Should I be worried if you don't show up tonight?\" I whispered to him, smiling and still holding his hand. \"I will, I promise,\" he vowed, curling his finger in my hair again. \"I don't care if my family is in a good mood or not, you're coming by to at least talk a little.\" I squeezed his hand. \"I suppose I should give you some time to speak with him and smooth as much out as you can.\" \"Yeah, the more time with them the better. Or worse. You can never really tell with them. I'll see you tonight Lily.\" I nodded before he gave me a quick but powerful peck on the lips. He walked as far as he could towards his motorcycle, but he stopped and looked back at me, when I didn't let go of his hand. \"Don't let Miles give you any shit,\" I advised. \"Never did, never will,\" he smiled. \"Bye Jesse.\" I let go of his hand and waved. My mom sat down next to me and groaned. \"It has been such a long day,\" she complained. \"Tell me about it,\" I mumbled, flipping through a random magazine, in tedium. I had been waiting in the living room since Jesse dropped me off at noon. It's six now. I'm bored but I'm in a pleasant mood because I can't get the memories of last night out of my mind. I can't focus on the magazine at all. \"How was your day honey? Pretty boring huh?\" \"For the most part. Oh, I'm going over to Jesse's house some time tonight,\" I informed her, throwing the magazine aside. \"Are you?\" she grinned. \"Mm hm.\" \"You know Lily, you haven't been on your phone as much as you use to. Same with the computer.\" \"I guess I've just had other stuff to do.\" \"Like hang out with friends in person .\" \"Sure.\" \"Friends like Jesse? And not like Duke?\" \"I broke up with him Mom.\" \"You did? Oh how wonderf-I mean, are you okay?\" Oh yeah, nice catch there Mom. Of course I always knew that my parents never like Duke. \"I'm fine. Moved on already actually.\" \"Like onto another guy?\" she questioned in surprise. Hm, should I tell her? I probably shouldn't. \"Jesse Tuck is awfully persistent,\" I blushed, smiling. She tried to hide her excitement. \"How nice. I forgot I need to make a call.\" She got onto her feet and walked out of the living room. A few seconds later I heard, \"Did you know our daughter is going out with Jesse?\" Another few seconds. \"I didn't either!\" Another few seconds. \"I knew I liked that boy!\" I shook my head at her, amused. I wonder how Daniela is going to react when and if I tell her. I probably will, but I shouldn't. But I probably will. I mean, I'm in love with this guy, I want to tell everyone! Me, Lily Owens, have fallen for Jesse Tuck, a guy who's over two hundred years old and loves me back! That's amazing![Chapter 14] Chapter 14 I am so sorry I haven't updated in such a long time! I've been really distracted but I'll try super hard to update more often because I do love this FanFic! Disclaimer: I don't own Tuck Everlasting. Yup, that sums it up. I rushed around my room looking for my converse shoes. I had to find them quickly because Jesse and here and currently talking to my parents . I need to quickly find my shoes before they tell him about the things I did when I was younger! Dear god if they tell him about how I use to have conversations with the operator I think I'm going to freak out. I need to find those shoes! I picked up everything I found and threw it into a different spot, working a bit faster now. Clothes, paper, and trash flew through the air and landed on the opposite side of the room. Oh where did I put them last? I glanced at my door and there they hung. I gasped in delight and grabbed them. I put them so when I came to getting ready I…wouldn't have to look for them. Oh my god, I'm an idiot. I slipped them on my feet and I hurried down the hall and rushed down the stairs. I heard Jesse and my parents laughing downstairs, which made me very nervous. That made me move even faster. I reached the bottom of the stairs and stared at my parents, who were laughing alone with Jesse. \"Oh there you are Lily,\" Mom chuckled, putting her hand on my shoulder. \"We were just telling him about the renovations we're planning for next summer.\" As long as they weren't talking about me when I was younger. \"It would be nice to have air conditioning in this house,\" Dad nodded, smiling at Jesse fondly. \"It would also be nice to not flinch every time I turn on the vacuum cleaner. The electricity makes me nervous.\" \"I bet, I don't know what I would do without such basic things,\" Jesse agreed. He turned to me. \"Ready to go?\" I nodded and moved past my parents. \"See you guys whenever,\" I waved, hurrying out of the door. \"Bye honey!\" Mom called after me. \"Have fun and be safe! Seriously, take all precautions!\" I blushed and grabbed his arm, making him go faster. \"Oh my god,\" I groaned. \"Sorry about them.\" \"Don't worry about it,\" he assured me. \"I like your parents. Oh by the way, how's the operator doing?\" My jaw sagged. \"You're unbelievable!\" \"Why thank you,\" he smirked, handing me a helmet. \"You'd be surprised how many people tell me that.\" \"I probably wouldn't be that surprised.\" I sat down on his motorcycle and put my arms around him. \"No, probably not. You sure did a lot of odd stuff as a kid,\" he commented. \"Oh yeah, I'm odd.\" \"To shay.\" I stared in awe at the little shack in the middle of the woods. I always thought he lived out here but I never thought he actually did . It was a cute little place, I decided. Lots would have seen it and would have been appalled that people actually lives there, but I liked it. A laundry line hung on the side of the house and a lake wasn't too far away. The sunset made everything look like it was from a older time, which I guess it was. A faint glow came from inside the house, which I assumed was candles. It made me chuckle, remembering what Jesse said. 'I don't know what I would do without such basic things'. He doesn't have the basic things of this time, but they're basic from his. We came to a stop by a horse on a rope, by it's water trough. I slipped off the helmet and rushed off of the bike, over to the horse. \"Wow, you have your own horse? That's so cool!\" I gawked, petting it's nose. \"I didn't know you had a horse!\" \"Yeah, his name is Leo.\" \"Like a lion?\" \"Mom picked the name.\" \"I think it's fun.\" I glanced inside one of the windows and saw movement inside. I suddenly felt sick. I've been trying to keep myself distracted from the fact that I was facing a possible hostile family right now. But now that I was reminded, I felt like my whole face turned green. Jesse followed my gaze. \"Nervous Lily?\" \"Uh…\" \"Remember, this is my family, not a pack of strangers you've never met before, besides my dad that is.\" He's right, this isn't a hostile family, it's his family. Mae knows and loves me, Miles is an ass, and I'm finally going to meet his dad Angus. I shouldn't be scared. But even as I realized this, I was still on edge. \"Yeah. You're right.\" He took my hand and led me to the front door. As soon as he opened the door a burst of warm air blew into my face. It smelled good too, wonderful! As we walked inside the floors creaked and music was playing. I looked to where everyone was sitting and saw Mae, Miles, and who I assumed was Angus. He had brown hair and his face had wrinkles, but it made him show wisdom. Same with his pale green eyes. Mae bounced to her feet when she turned and saw us. \"Oh there they are! Jesse, Lily,\" she smiled, taking my hand and pulling me over to their living area, \"there's so much to go over but I'm glad you're both here.\" As we joined the area, Angus stood up to me. I admit, he did scared me a bit. He was a filled out man, I see where Miles gets it from. I tried to stay friendly and appear brave. Whatever Jesse has told him, I wanted to live up to it. I put out my hand. \"It's really nice to meet you. My name is Lily Owens,\" I greeted, smiling as sincerely as possible. He seemed slightly confused and surprised. \"Angus Tuck. Go by Tuck.\" He took my hand and shook it. \"I thought it was about time I met you.\" \"I thought so too.\" \"It's a pleasure.\" \"You all have got to be kidding me!\" Miles growled at us, getting to his feet as well. \"Jesse admitted our secret to a girl that none of us know!\" He turned to Jesse and rose a fist at him. \"How could you assume that we'd be okay with this? How could you assume that she wouldn't say anything? How could you-?\" \"Miles,\" Jesse interrupted calmly, sitting down by his mom, \"we already discussed this. There's no reason to freak out about this again.\" Mae pulled me down to sit on the other side of her and put her arm around my shoulder protectively. \"You really have lost your marbles boy, you screwed us this time! You damned us all, you know that? We might have another guy on our tails but having your little girlfriend is going to put us all in danger! He can't do anything to us when we have no connections to the morals, but now-!\" \"I get it!\" I exclaimed. \"I get it, I get it, I get it! Having me around makes me a weakness but I can handle myself a whole lot better than you expect I can! And you can get as angry at me as you want but remember that what's done is done, and there's no changing that! So there's no point in arguing about it when we should be finding a way to avoid the Man in the Yellow Suit.\" \"I agree, so calm down Miles,\" Tuck nodded. \"There's no reason to overreact to something as minor as this.\" \"Minor! Have you all forgotten what happened last time? We were more than a small amount away from being discovered! Mom had to kill the first Man in the Yellow Suit and both of you were a smidge away from the gallows! Because we got a mortal involved in our lives and our secret!\" \"Miles Tuck, you know not to refer to her as a 'mortal',\" Mae chided. \"She was very important to all of us, not just Jesse.\" I sighed. \"You can say her name out loud. I understand. Winnie right? I know how she was relevant to this family. It's not as awkward as you think.\" \"It should be awkward, your great grandmother swapped spit with Jesse,\" Miles pointed out nastily. \"Shut your trap Miles!\" Jesse warned. \"I'm sorry, am I bringing up a sensitive subject? Lily said it wasn't awkward so I don't see why I can't fill in some details.\" \"They're already filled in Miles,\" I grumbled, glaring at him. \"I can help, and you hate that for some reason.\" \"You know why I hate it?\" he sneered. \"Because you can't help. Unless your plan is to move to a different country and stay there. But since that isn't going to happen, you're putting us all in danger.\" I stood up and looked down at Mae and Tuck. \"Forgive me.\" I turned back to Miles. \"I outta slug you until your numb for assuming that I'm completely useless! I will never tell that man what Jesse has told me! Never! I'll lie, I'll fight, I'll play dirty but I will never tell him a thing!\" I looked back at Tuck surprised when I heard him chuckle. He leaned back in his chair. \"You've got some spirit Lily, telling off my eldest son like that. We can trust her, the same way we trusted Winnie.\" \"I wouldn't have told her if we couldn't trust her,\" Jesse told them. \"Most of the time I know what I'm doing.\" I smiled a little. Leave it to him to try and make a joke while we're trying to have a serious conversation. \"We still haven't figured out a way to keep our secret from this man,\" Mae brought up. \"Which is far more important than figuring out if we can trust Lily. It's a no brainer, of course we can.\" \"The problem is that we have nothing to use against him and he could easily use something against us.\" Miles glared at me. \"Just get out of here,\" Jesse ordered. \"I will! Not because you told me to, because I can't stand around while you and our parents insist upon having a repeat of last time!\" He stomped to the door and slammed it behind him.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 Um I don't have too much to say this time besides feel free to review. I love to get comments. I get motivated to continue when I get reviews. And I thank those who have left comments. I'm so happy you're enjoying my first FanFic. I do not own the book or the movie Tuck Everlasting. You could come after me with guns and knives but I will never claim something that is not mine! That's illegal you know. The rest of the evening went by very well. We tried to come up with some plans but most of them were against the law. We had to explore every option okay? This family is great, I love them, once Miles left. I don't want to hate him, I can't, but he's completely against me. Even though he aggravates me ro no end, I have to remember why he's like this. He's still Jesse's brother. I wish he would just see that we have a common enemy and that is not me . I ended up staying for the night because it was pitch black out by the time we deiced to finish to finish. Mae was nervous about riding through the forest when it's this late so I got to sleep next to Jesse, in his brother's bed. I honestly didn't want to sleep in his bed but Tuck assured me that he wasn't going to be back for the rest of the night. I believed him because he was awfully peeved when he left. I was unable to fall asleep though. I stared up at the ceiling blankly, trying to get tired by finding little pictures in the wood grain. I wanted to talk to someone but my phone is downstairs and I don't want to wake anyone up. I turned my head and looked at the back of Jesse's head. I assume he's been asleep for hours now but I wasn't sure because he wasn't snoring like a blender full or gravel. He was breathing evenly. \"Jesse,\" I whispered, \"are you awake?\" \"No,\" he yawned. I laughed softly, \"I'll let you continue to sleep then.\" He rolled over and looked at me. \"Do you want to talk?\" he asked. I shook my head. \"Never mind.\" \"Why are you still awake then?\" \"I dunno.\" I lowered my eyes from his. \"Well you might as well tell me what's on your mind since I'm already awake,\" he pressed. A faint smile pulled at the edges of my lips. \"I was actually thinking about a lot of stuff. Like how Daniela is doing since I always introduce her to her future boyfriends. She's probably so boy deprived right now,\" I joked. \"I didn't talk with her much but I could tell that she was a bit of a tail chaser,\" he nodded. \"I wish you didn't have to sink so much time into this crap with the fountain and the Man in the Yellow Suit.\" \"Don't sweat over it,\" I shrugged. \"To get you, I have to be a little flexible with my life. I love the excitement though, even with a lunatic chasing us. Daniela would understand, but I won't be telling her a thing. I'll say I've been hanging with you. She won't only be satisfied with that answer but I also wouldn't be lying.\" \"Win, win.\" \"Yeah. So it's not as difficult as you think it is. If I didn't know better, I would think that you're guilty for something.\" He put the blanket over his head childishly. I sat up. \"You shouldn't.\" I reached over and took the blanket from his face. \"Because I wouldn't take back a single moment, even the ones where you act like a five year old. Works with the charm though.\" \"You want a five year old? I'll give you a five year old.\" He leapt onto me and started tickling me. I kicked my legs and tried to muffle my laughs. \"Jesse!\" I giggled, trying to shove him off of me. \"I don't want to wake your parents up!\" \"Once they're out, they're out,\" he laughed, tickling my armpits. \"A atomic bomb could go off and they'd sleep just the same.\" I tried to tickle him back but I was not as strong as him. \"Come on Jesse!\" I laughed. \"What do I have to do?\" \"Hm.\" He leaned down and kissed me so sweetly on the lips. He leaned back and bit and kissed my nose. \"Thank you for being amazing 'bout this.\" I smiled at him. \"Thank you for thinking I'm being amazing. I'd like to say it comes naturally to the Owens' Family but then I have to think about some of my cousins on my dad's side.\" \"Pft,\" he snickered. \"That's nice very nice Lily.\" \"You want to know about mean? Try talking with my Aunt Millie. She could bash people so hard that they would get dents in the skull, just form her insults.\" I shuddered. \"But enough about my crabby aunt.\" I put my arms around his neck and pulled him closer to me. \"I guess I'm not the only one who's up this early,\" I whispered to Leo, rubbing in between his brown, perky ears. I wok up not to long ago and thought that I would just wait around outside, while everyone slept. I felt safe out here since the Man in the Yellow Suit doesn't know where the Tucks' live.' I looked out onto the calm lake. A bit of morning mist still hovered over the water. Since it was a bit chilly this morning. The sun was hidden behind clouds but it didn't look gloomy, it looked peaceful. The water was so still that it was like a mirror. I've never seen a lake that motionless before. The sounds of frogs and crickets filled the air, since it still felt like night out here. I turned back to Leo and ran my fingers through his thick mane. \"It's so nice out here. No cars. No yelling people. Not many people at all actually. I doubt anyone comes this deep in the forest. Everything seems simpler out here, but, I guess, to get things done it's a lot more complicated. I like the feel of it though.\" He licked my hand, probably smelling something I ate from the night before. It tickled a little. \"I don't know many horses, Leo, but you have to be the best listener.\" I laughed as he nudged me back a few steps. \"You're welcome. I think I'm going to go down to the dock.\" There I go, talking to things that can't talk back. I went down to the water and stepped onto the hand made dock. It was nice and sturdy, but didn't go out that far into the water. I caused little waves to ruin the perfect surface of the water as I walked out, but one I stopped, it evened out again. Glass. It was just like glass. I couldn't get over that. \"You're still here?\" Well this is going to kill my mood. I turned around and faced Miles, once again. He didn't appear to be in a awesome mood either. \"Yup.\" \"You stayed over night ?\" \"Yup.\" \"I'm afraid to ask where you slept.\" \"Then don't ask.\" I put my feet firmly on the wood, to be ready if he tried to send me into the water. \"What do you want?\" \"I just thought that I'd give one last push to get you to leave my family be and forget what Jesse has told you.\" I sighed. \"Why should I listen to you then?\" \"Because you don't know how much of a burden it is, to keep this secret. That's why my brother prances around telling people.\" My hands formed into fists. \"How many people has he told exactly? Two? Jeez, that's a whole ton there Miles,\" I spat, my mouth dripping in acidic sarcasm. Since I couldn't swing at him, I used the best weapons I could. \"You should send Jesse to jail for telling a whole two people ! You're just the picture of level headedness aren't you?\" \"Well at least I'm not a rebound girl. A simple replacement.\" Watch your temper Lily. \"I am not a replacement!\" \"Oh yeah? You're related to Winnie, you look like Winnie, he treats you like he treated Winnie-.\" \"He does not!\" \"Let me guess, he took you to the waterfall. I remember when he took Winnie there, nice little first kiss, that led to bit of making out. Where did you and Jesse have your first kiss again?\" I tried to think of something to knock him off of his high horse, but…I couldn't think of anything. \"That's what I thought. You first saw him visiting Winnie's grave right? So don't you try the whole 'He's like totally over her' shit. Because he's not. As far as I'm concerned, when he saw you, he saw Winnie, and you're just a substitution.\" My firsts clenched and unclenched slowly. Then I glared at Miles. \"You bitter, bitter man! What happened to you doesn't give you the right to act the way you do to me! You're trying to hurt me, to get me to leave! You don't want Jesse to have what you lost! But you can't possibly want him to suffer what you did, so you're just being bitter! You're not concerned about The Man, you're concerned about keeping your family from trusting someone like Winnie again! I'm not like her, I'm practically nothing like her, but you're pointing out those very few things to make me break down. Jesse was there, that night, to pay respect, not to morn over a lost relationship. I'm done talking to you.\" I moved past him but stopped. I didn't turn to face him though. \"Remember this. I don't hate you. I just don't exactly like you as much as I should, but I don't hate you. I have come sympathy for you left, but if you continue like this…what am I kidding? You're still Jesse's brother, I'll never hate you. Even if you're trying to break us apart.\" I headed back to the house quickly, before I could hear what he'd say back. I didn't expect anything good. Well…that actually went better than I expected it to.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 I hate doing those Jerky Miles chapters but there shouldn't be too many of those. Maybe. I'm not sure. I don't think too far ahead with my stories. Well I'm ready for chapter 16! I disclaim Tuck Everlasting as mine. No sign of the Man in the Yellow Suit anywhere . I'd like to say that he gave up but we could not put our guards down, if he's anything like his grandfather. He did almost pull a gun on Jesse and I. People like that aren't going to just give up. As expected, I haven't seen Miles since I…spoke with him last. And I'm not upset about it in the least. He pissed me off so it's his problem. He probably enjoys not seeing me though, so he can work against me all he wants, whenever Jesse isn't around that is. We did have a quite awkward conversation about the whole Winnie thing after he wok up. We went to the Eiffel Tower so we could be alone. I didn't mention that it was Miles who put those ideas in my head. Who would have thought that my great, great grandma would affect my love life so much. Other than that, life had basically went back to normal, oddly enough. Duke still attempts to get close to me but I'm usually around Jesse so he generally runs in the other direction. Daniela shrieked for a minute and a half straight when I told her we were dating. Her face turned bright red from the lack of oxygen getting to her head. I thought her head was going to explode, poor little freshman. My parents approve of Jesse more than I thought was humanly possible for parents. But my mom and dad have been meeting with Mae and Tuck a lot to 'hang out'. That phrase just seems wrong from parents to use. It's been a month and two weeks since I visited Jesse's house for the first time. \"We should meet up some time,\" Daniela commented before taking a drink from her soda. \"Um we are. Right now,\" I stated, sitting across from her at the table. We were having lunch at McDonald's , basically because we were bored. \"Do you have something in mind?\" Jesse questioned, unwrapping his burger. \"No, but the summer is almost over,\" he complained, putting her head on the sticky table. \"We have to do something super fun.\" Jesse and I looked at each other for a few moments before looking back to Daniela. \"Like what?\" he asked. \"Like an amusement park, or a road trip, or a zoo. Something.\" \"Well anything with cars and kind of rules out. I don't have a car yet and Jesse has a motorcycle. You don't have your license yet.\" \"We could get rides. I don't think my mom will mind since she doesn't have a job during the summer.\" Her mom is a teacher and she doesn't have to work during the summer because Daniela's dad has a real good job, lots of traveling.\" I haven't been to an amusement park in a while.\" \"That's because you get sick on The Swings,\" I chuckled, taking some of Jesse's fries. \"Okay, so I don't have a very strong stomach but they have great shows there. A circus is there until school starts.\" \"That could be fun,\" Jesse agreed, \"as long as no one is afraid of clowns. Lily?\" \"I am not scared of full grown, crazy men that wear too much makeup. It's not very intimidating.\" \"Then we're going to the circus?\" Daniela grinned. \"If your mom can give us a ride. I don't think all three of us can fit on my motorcycle. Unless you want to sit on the fender.\" \"I'm sure I can get her to. I'll make sure to text you guys the details once I figure them out.\" Jesse and I went on a lot of rides since the circus show didn't start until later, and we got there pretty early. Daniela didn't mind being left alone, there were a lot of guys around. Mostly shirtless. I giggled hysterically as we walked to go meet up with Daniela after the Spine Twister rollercoaster. My bangs were blown back, maybe permanently, I'm not sure. I glanced at Jesse, his hair was blown back too. He had a huge smile on his face. \"That was awesome ,\" I giggled, adrenaline still rushing through my body. It fizzled my veins and made me feel like jumping for some reason. \" Yeah ,\" he laughed. \"It's been a long time since I've been on a good rollercoaster.\" \"So you've been on one before?\" \"Lily, I'm super old and have been all over the world. Of course I've been on one before.\" I did a face palm. \"Duh.\" Then I caught cite of Daniela. Flirting with a guy. Shocker. I waved to her as we approached. \"Oh heh!\" she grinned, waving back. \"Lily, Jesse, this is…um…\" \"The name's Edward,\" the guy replied, putting his arm around Daniela. He was Hispanic with black short hair and brown eyes. He looked probably five years older then us. His shirt was all cut up so he could show more toned skin. \"Like that one vampire dude!\" Daniela exclaimed. \"Be jealous Lily, my guy can live forever.\" I held back a loud laugh and just nodded slowly, pressing my lips together as tightly as I could. \"Sorry to disappoint,\" Jesse snickered quietly, covering his mouth and leaning back a little. \"Babe, you wanna head over to wherever. To chill,\" the Edward guy asked, nudging her a little. 'Chill' as in tongue wrestle behind a ride. \"Sure!\" \"What about the Circus?\" I inquired. \"I'll meet up with you guys later.\" Then she ran off the stranger. There was a certain skip in her step. That didn't answer my question. \"Shouldn't you be worried about her?\" Jesse questioned me. \"Not for the same reasons as you're thinking. I'm always worried about Daniela but she can handle Edward . She's been taking self defense classes since she could walk. Her parents don't worry about her too much either.\" \"Huh. I wouldn't expect that from her.\" \"That's the funny part.\" As we took our seats under the red top, Daniela was no where to be seen. I assumed that she wasn't going to be joining us. Not like I was too surprised. She tends to ditch me a lot. I'm use to it though. \"I don't think she's going to meet the show,\" Jesse noted, putting his hands on the metal seat, of the stands. \"Nah. Don't take it personally though. She does this all the time.\" He put his arm behind me and took a deep breath. \"I'm not taking offence from it, but this was her idea.\" \"Yeah,\" I laughed, \"she's just enjoying her age.\" Then a voice boomed over the speakers and someone ran out into the middle of the ring. I couldn't see him very well since we got seats in the back, but I could see the yellow outfit with some odd hat on his head. \"Ladies and Gentle Men, I am your Ring Leader for the Evening. Welcome to Barker Circus and I'd like to right on rolling with the show. Give a round of applause for our first act!\" He threw his hat in the air and ran off of the ring, to behind a large red curtain. I wonder if he comes from around here, his voice sounds familiar. Maybe I've heard him around. \"Is it just me or does that guy seem familiar?\" Jesse asked, as these people did flips into the spotlight. \"Yeah, he does. How would you know him?\" \"No idea.\" \"Can you see him clearly?\" He shook his head. \"Nope. We're too far back.\" We dropped the subject and watched the extremely agile gymnasts bounce around everywhere in graceful movements. I knew I was just preparing myself to see that one guy again, but it looked like Jesse was actually watching. That act quickly ended with impressed comments and claps. I stared carefully at the red curtain, waiting for him to come back out. The curtain ruffled then someone in purple came out. I furrowed my eyebrows and squinted to see. \"Is that the same guy?\" \"Um,\" he tried to see, \"I don't think so.\" \"Oh.\" I thought about it a little bit more. \"You know who that other ring dude reminds me of?\" \"Who?\" Before I could answer, he started to climb up the stands. I gulped, \"The Man in the Yellow Suit.\" Jesse looked down and saw him. In an instant he seized my arm and rushed me across the rows, away from the man. \"You two twerps get back here!\" he hollered after us. Everyone turned to see what all the noise was about. They a crazy man in yellow chasing after two kids. \"Sorry. Sorry. Excuse me,\" I apologized, moving in front of the people. \"Crazy Uncle. Owe him two bucks. Pardon me.\" We made it to the stairs and down them. Jesse almost tripped but I grabbed him then pushed him into a run as we hit normal ground. We were out of the circus tent in no time flat. We were gone as the clowns graced the ring with their oversized shoes and colorful large pants. When we were a safe amount away, Jesse glanced over his shoulder then slowed down. \"I can't see him.\" I slowed down to a walk and checked too. \"Why wouldn't he follow us?\" I asked. \"He might be calling security so they can chase us down instead of chasing after us himself. We should get out of here.\" I knew Daniela had a way home. We brought Jesse's motorcycle along since I usually want to leave these sort of places before she does anyway. So she won't be freaked out when we're no where to be found. I'll call her later.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 Wow, Chapter 17. This is pretty far for me ;) Thank you to all of the readers out there. I love the positive comments I'm getting. I write because of those people who are leaving comments, so feel free 3 Disclaimer: Tuck Everlasting =Not Mine Thank You \"I'm sorry Mom, I really don't know what happened to my cell phone,\" I responded for the sixth time, hardly paying attention. I was focused on the TV. \"I must have left it at the park yesterday.\" \"Lillian Owens, why didn't you go get it?\" she demanded, rushing around the house, getting ready for work. She was really late. \"By the time I realized it was missing, Jesse was already heading back home. I would have called him but his number is on my cell,\" I explained, trying to listen to the news. It was about a girl that got ganged up o on at the same amusement park we were at yesterday. But she was able to take them down because of her extensive knowledge on self defense. I don't normally listen to this kind of stuff but I happen to know the small, blonde, freshman girl. I smirked as Daniela appeared on the screen, being interviewed and questioned about self defense. I guess it wasn't just Jesse and I who had an exciting time yesterday. She had her ten seconds of fame. \"Are you going back to get it?\" \"I could, I guess. But remember what happened to Daniela, Mom,\" I reminded her, watching my friend show off some of her moves on TV. She stood at the door for a few moments then sighed. \"Fine. God only know what stranger picked that thing anyway. See you tonight honey.\" \"Yeah Mom.\" She left through the door and all went silent after I heard her car leave our street. In the silence, I noticed it was that silent. I heard the cars from the street over, this old houses creaking, the birds in the forest. Hm. I laughed at myself. I'm so bored that I'm analyzing sounds around me. Wow. I need a life. I wish I had my phone. I stood up from the couch and went into the kitchen. I grazed through the fridge for a while before I decided that if I ate more, I'd have to actually exercise today. I have a feeling it's going to be a lazy day. It's been a while since I've had one of those. I took a spoon, as I sat down at the dinning room table, and balanced it on my nose like a expert. \"Weeeeee!\" I shrieked as I slide down the railing to the main level again. I skidded on my socks as I hit the hard wood. I saw a wall coming right for me so I dropped onto my knees and stopped quickly. I shook my head quickly and rushed onto my feet. I caught the bouncy ball in my hand and held onto it tightly. I had thrown it out of my room and it bounced down the ball, down the stairs, and into the living room. That's why I was running around like a startled car. But I wasn't scared, I was entertaining myself. I have been doing weird stuff all day. Out of pure boredom to be honest. I put some eggs in the microwave. He, he, he. They exploded. I, of course cleaned the microwave, but it was so worth it. I've also been throwing my extensive collection of those bouncy balls, and thrown them out the window, at people walking by. I swear I've only had two Monster Energy Drinks. Okay three Monsters. But I was beginning to crash. I still had some energy left though. No worries! I skipped through the kitchen and onto the porch. The heat blasted me and the air was heavy and muggy. I didn't care though. I went down into the grass and started doing cartwheels and tumbles until I ended up on my back, with grass stains all over my white shorts. I turned my head and laughed as I saw the familiar toad. \"Hi there you!\" I rolled over onto my stomach and stared at it. \"I haven't seen you around, not since before I met Jesse. You just are a sign of things to come aren't ya?\" The dark green toad closed one eye lazily and then opened it again, hardly looking at me. \"Your enthusiasm moves me,\" I chuckled, folding my arms under my chin and smiling at it. \"Sometimes I wonder if you're the same toad or if you have a lot of family around these parts. You have to be though. You might not act a lot but you have a personality. I'm pretty sure other frogs and toads are more…uppity.\" It seemed to roll it's eyes at me. Is that possible? I'm not sure. \"You probably find me the most annoying human on this Earth, don't you?\" No response to that one, so I took it as a 'You're not that irritating'. \"Thank you,\" I grinned, waving my feet up in the air. \"So if you're a sign of things to come, what are you here for? Is something going to happen?\" I blinked one eye very slowly again. I don't know what that's suppose to mean. \"Um…I keep forgetting that you can't talk back.\" I intertwined my fingers into the grass and continued to gaze at it. \"I wonder why you stay around here, ya know, and I wish you could tell me. It's so weird that you're not afraid of humans.\" For the very first time, I heard it croak at me. I rose my eyebrows as it did it again and again, very quickly. It rose out of the grass and looked straight at me. The repetitive croaks almost sounded like throaty barks and it was enough to shock me. This toad was barking at me! It continued to talk until I brought my head up, off of my arms. The toad stopped instantly and relaxed back into the grass and was silent, as if it didn't even happen. I had to question my sanity. I cocked my head to the side. \"What in the world was that ?\" Then I heard an urgent knock at the front door. I got onto my feet and gave the crazy toad one last bizarre look before heading back inside. As I came to the door, the knocks became faster and louder. I sighed at the visitor's impatience. I opened the front door and came face to face with a wide eyed Jesse Tuck. \"Lily!\" he exclaimed in surprise. \"Jesse,\" I responded back. \"What-?\" \"Are you okay? Is he here?\" he questioned, walking inside, without permission I might add. \"I'm fine but who are you talking about? Who's 'he'?\" I followed behind him as he searched though every room of my house. I left the front door open. \"The Man. I called your cell phone and he picked up, saying he was here.\" My eyes went wide, like his. \"The Man in the Yellow Suit! He has my phone? He must have gotten his hands on it somehow while we were at the circus.\" Then a different voice echoed through the halls of the house. \"I don't exactly take pride in taking girls' cell phones, but the situation called for certain measures.\" We stood perfectly and completely still, trying to be silent. \"Oh come on out, I know you're both in here. Lillian Owens. Jesse Tuck. I set it up so you both would be here.\" We both went around the corner cautiously and saw The Man in the Yellow Suit standing in the front door frame. He looked so happy with himself, thinking he cornered us in my house. I turned to run to the backdoor but a gunshot was heard and then a glass vase shattered and the bullet went into the wall. I froze. \"You're not moving a inch unless I tell you so Miss Owens, or else I'll have to do something quite illegal.\" \"Listen to him Lily,\" Jesse whispered then turned to The Man. \"What do you want Mister?\" \"What my family had wanted for generations, that fountain, the water that makes you live forever,\" he responded, showing off his hand pestle to us, a subtle threat that he'll shoot us if he wants to. He frowned. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"Oh my dear, stupid boy, don't make me do more work than I have to do. You know what I'm talking about.\" Jesse kept his mouth shut. \"Fine then.\" He rose his gun without hesitation and I flinched when I heard the ear shattering bang . I saw Jesse fall to his knees and I hurried to help him. \"Jesse! Jesse are you okay?\" I exclaimed, trying to get a good look at where he might have been shot. \"Fine,\" he sighed roughly, slowly getting to his feet again. \"Just fine.\" He sounded disappointed. I got to my feet again and glared at The Man. \"You ass hole! Don't you ever do that again! I swear on Grandma Winnie's grave that by the time I'm done with you I'll-,\" I shouted before getting interrupted. \"Lily, just because I'll bulletproof doesn't mean you are,\" Jesse warned, pulling me behind him. \"You should listen to him. But more importantly, listen to me . I want you to write a note to your parents, I'm afraid you'll be out late tonight.\" I had to keep myself from trying to run off with Jesse again or attacking The Man in the Yellow Suit. I know that if I didn't do what he said right now, I'd end up with a bullet lodged in my head. \"Fine,\" I spat, hoping the acid on my tongue would go right though him. I went into the kitchen, both of them following me. I pulled out a piece of paper and got a pen. I wrote a basic letter, saying I was going out tonight with Jesse, hoping that they would call Mae and Tuck and they would know we're in trouble. Miles will hold this over our heads for the rest of our lives, if we don't get them blown off that is. Well Jesse will hear it for the rest of eternity. I'll be six feet under. \"There.\" I turned back to them both. \"What now?\" \"Oh well that's simple my dear, you two show me the way to the fountain,\" he responded, jerking his head to outside. \"Let's go kiddies.\" \"Call us kiddies one more time-,\" Jesse growled but was silences when he pointed the gun at me. \"Can you please leave her out of this?\" \"Nope, she's coming with. Otherwise, you'd run off, since you can't get hurt,\" he replied quickly. As we headed outside I whispered to Jesse, \"I'm sorry. Miles knew this was going to happen.\" He shook his head. \"Don't apologize Lily, it was my responsibility to make sure nothing happened. You did a wonderful job.\" He reached over quickly and kissed my cheek. \"I couldn't have asked anything but for you to be brave. And your so brave.\" \"Hurry up!\" The Man in the Yellow Shirt ordered. ","Summary":" FanFiction Okay, this is my first Tuck Everlasting FanFic. Well my first FanFic, period. I do own n"},{"Movie":"Blood Diamond","Title":"You Should Get On That Plane","Author":"neonntiger2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7907698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One \"You should get on that plane,\" Archer says. He gives Maddy's small wrist a squeeze. \"So should you,\" she answers in a low voice. The salty taste of her own sweat on her lips makes her throat dry when she licks them and she swallows hard. Archer sees the tendons in her neck tense and he releases her wrist without breaking his gaze on her. Maddy pops the cap off the lens of her camera and brings it up to her eye. She blinks in a feeble attempt to send the tears boiling behind her eyes back from where they came, but her sight fogs regardless and a sharp sting pierces the insides of her nostrils. She lowers the camera and her eyes follow. She can't look at his face without a lump in her throat. Archer tilts his head slightly sideways. He doesn't know how to respond to Maddy being emotional. This is not a problem he has been confronted with before; from people he has dealt with throughout his life and certainly not from Maddy. The features of her face that he is so used to seeing tinged with optimism are tired and wet and he has an inkling of how he is the root of these changes. Her entire demeanor seems shrunken as she stands with trembling shoulders before him. The guilt that swells in his chest makes his feet tingle and he has to physically stop himself from turning and leaning to avoid the feeling from developing further. He shifts his weight from one leg to the other before shoving his hands into his pockets. \"In another life maybe,\" he tells her quietly. \"Sure,\" she scoffs knowingly. She clears her throat. \"In another life.\" \"I'm really glad I met you, Maddy,\" he says quickly. \"I'm glad I met you too.\" She blinks again and brings the camera back up to her eye. The shutter releases. Danny Archer has been captured on film forever. He lives as a still in her camera now. She puts the cap back on her lens and draws in a slow, shaky inhale. She reaches into the pocket near her knee and pulls out a crisp white business card. \"I'm used to men chasing after me, but I'm willing to make an exception this time.\" Archer takes the card between two fingers and looks it over. He tucks it into his breast pocket. \"Home phone, cell phone, business phone,\" she says to him. He cracks a half-smile. \"Get on that plane, Miss Bowen.\" Maddy forces herself to bring her eyes up to Archer's face. She looks at him now as he is, as a person in front of her and not as a subject through her lens. She wants to commit him to her own memory now. Maddy wants to remember Archer as a man, not as a photograph. She blinks slowly and Archer can't help but wonder if there is a shutter going off behind her eyes, if her brain is just a giant roll of film stamping scenes and people into it with every blink and swallow. When she opens her eyes again, Archer is still there, still looking at her with his big blue eyes and furrowed eyebrows and chapped lips. Archer cocks his head towards the plane and grunts something reminiscent of a pointing gesture. Maddy responds with a nod as she looks over at the aircraft. She draws in a steady inhale. His sweaty, dirty scent colors the image of him that she has in her mind. She licks her bottom lip and turns to walk towards the plane. She takes only a few steps before looking over her shoulder. She's surprised that Archer is looking at her. \"Are you going to call me?\" \"As soon as I get to a phone, ja,\" he nods with a smirk. \"Yeah, right,\" she says dryly. Maddy looks forward and continues towards the plane. She raises her hand to wave to Archer and he nods to her. He sees now as she walks away from him that she isn't built for danger and war. He feels like he could crush her skull with one hand if he wanted to and the idea of her jetting off to another war zone to try and change the outcome makes his blood boil. She has no business putting herself in harm's path the way she's made a career of it. Archer's eyes don't leave her frame as she walks off. He follows her until her small frame disappears into the crowd of people congregated by the front of the plane waiting to board. He huffs audibly and marches off to go find Solomon. Knowing Maddy is on her way out of Africa gives him the second wind he needs to go and find the diamond he's been dreaming of for the past few days. He finds Solomon where he left him — sitting on a bench in the middle of the army airport. He nudges the black man as he walks by him and Solomon rises and follows after Archer. \"Is Miss Bowen going home?\" Solomon asks. \"Ja, I suppose she is.\" \"Home to America.\" \"I reckon, ja.\" \"Where are we going now, Mister Archer?\" \"We're going to find that stone, Solomon.\" He remains silent. \"You're going to take me to where you buried it, a'right?\" \"Yes, Mister Archer.\" \"Good man, Solomon.\" Archer nods confidently as he pushes the flap door of a supply tent open. The inside smells like stale cardboard and sand and it irritates Archer's nose. He grabs the first two backpacks he sees and tosses one behind him to Solomon. \"Fill it,\" he says as he heads towards the first row of shelves, \"with supplies. Food rations and water canteens, quickly.\" Solomon nods and follows behind Archer, who is making quick work of filling his pack. He grabs packets of dried foods and water canteens as he marches between the shelves. Solomon moves slower than Archer does, but when he realizes that Archer's pack is almost full, he quickens his pace. The two men don't spend more than a minute inside the tent before they are ready to leave again. Their bags are filled with food and water and ammunition, and Archer has even managed to find a bottle of Jack Daniels and several packs of cigarettes to squeeze in. The SAT phone he finds, he tucks into the pocket of his pants. \"No maps, Mister Archer?\" Solomon asks as they exit the tent. \"You said you didn't need a map, Solomon,\" Archer says sternly. Solomon nods. \"Let's go, then.\" Archer walks quickly down the ridge of the hill they're on and bursts into a full sprint when they enter the tall grass. He clenches the straps of the backpack tightly to keep it from bouncing against his back. Solomon follows behind him like a dog would its master. \"We'll run for one hour and then we'll walk for ten minutes,\" Archer pants between strides. \"We'll cover the most ground this way.\" Archer and Solomon are halfway gone by the time Maddy reaches the front of the line. She is face-to-face with one of the aid workers signing people in. \"Miss, are you boarding?\" The man holding the clipboard looks at Maddy. \"Yes,\" she says automatically. \"Name, please.\" \"No,\" Maddy has a sudden change of heart. \"Excuse me?\" \"I'm not boarding the plane.\" \"Are you sure?\" He asks, looking at her seriously. \"Yes, I'm absolutely positive,\" she tells him confidently. The man doesn't press. He waves his hand for the next person to come up as Maddy heads off to where she said good bye to Archer. She looks around with her heart in her throat and she feels dejected when he, nor Solomon, are nowhere in sight. She walks around the outskirts of the airport and looks out at the vast African horizon. Among the tall grass, she sees two heads running along. She recognizes them — Solomon and Archer. Instantly, she feels the urge to run after them. Her feet ache and her insides tremble and her fingers curl up into her palm in a tight fist. She knows they're running and she knows they'll be out of reach quickly if she doesn't decide on her next move. She goes against her better judgement and throws herself head first into what could possibly end up being the worst decision of her life.[Chapter 2] Two \"Okay, we can walk now,\" Archer says as he holds his hand up. He and Solomon break their sprint as they leave the tall grass and enter the dense jungle brush. Both men are gasping for air from having run for so long, but they quickly calm themselves as they walk on at an even pace. Archer rubs his forehead before slicking his hand back over his damp hair. Solomon looks at him. Both men are sweating. Maddy trails behind them at a safe enough distance to keep herself hidden without losing sight of them. When she sees them walking, she feels great relief and slows herself down. Her chest is heaving and she feels sticky and nauseous, but she is determined to press on behind them. The daylight disappears quickly and the pitch blackness of the jungle is unnerving. It takes an hour for Maddy's eyes to fully adjust to the lack of light and soon the big silver moon in the middle of the dark sky seems brighter than the sun. She can hear Archer and Solomon settling down in one spot for the night and Maddy is unsure of what to do next. She fears that if she stops to rest, she will fall asleep and risk missing Archer and Solomon leaving at daybreak, or perhaps even earlier. She has already been following them by ear more than sight and her anxieties about her decision are at an all-time high. Going out on a limb, she decides to make her way over to Archer and Solomon. The jungle has fallen into such a thick silence that Maddy swears she can hear her own blood pulsing through her veins. Maddy presses on cautiously. She tries to hear Solomon and Archer to gauge where they are, but she is surrounded by nothing but silence and darkness. A sudden feeling of trepidation grabs hold of Maddy's consciousness and she stops and closes her eyes. She has this foreboding feeling that her life is about to come to an abrupt stop and it scares her into frozen panic. Her ears ring loudly and her throat constricts and she feels as though she might just implode. Her anxiety has taken such a hold of her now that she feels paralyzed. It takes her a handful of seconds to register the sensation of someone's arm around her neck. A forearm to the jugular. A sharp blade to the cheek. A knee to the back of the thigh. \"RUF?\" The voice sounds like thunder rumbling in her skull as she feels her knees give out under her. \"Are you RUF? Huh?\" She recognizes the voice as she tries to pry the arm away from her throat to let her breathe, or at least to speak. She manages one word. \"Archer!\" He releases Maddy from his chokehold and her body crumples onto the jungle floor like a tower of sand at high tide. She falls to her hands and knees coughing and heaving and Archer stands stiff for a moment. He shoves his switchblade into his pocket and then bends down beside Maddy. He grabs her bicep and yanks her up. He can barely see her face in the darkness. \"What the fuck do you think you're doing here?\" He growls. \"I could have killed you!\" \"Archer, Archer, please,\" Maddy begs, trying hard to catch her breath. Her heart is beating so furiously that she's afraid it might just stop. \"Archer, please let me just catch my breath for a moment.\" \"Miss Bowen?\" Solomon's smooth voice comes as a relief. \"Why did you leave our spot, Solomon?\" Archer barks. \"I heard you yelling, I thought there was danger,\" he says, still calm. \"And then I heard Miss Bowen's voice.\" \"Ja, ja, Miss Bowen followed us,\" Archer sneers. He lets go of her bicep and she falls back onto the ground. Solomon approaches Maddy and kneels down in front of her to help her up. He takes her shoulders and steadies her as she continues her attempt to compose herself from her prolonged state of anxiety. The feeling of her blood rushing back to her extremities is a slow process, but having feeling in her arms and legs again is assuring. Archer paces behind them with his thoughts reeling. He almost just killed her. He could have easily snapped her neck by accident if he grabbed her more aggressively. When Solomon lifts Maddy to her feet, Archer stops pacing and walks over. \"What were you thinking, Maddy?\" He hisses. \"Mister Archer, do not be mad at her,\" Solomon says defensively. \"She is scared.\" Archer draws in an annoyed inhale. \"Go start a fire,\" he says to Solomon demandingly. \"There are matches in my backpack to get a flame going, go on.\" Solomon rubs the sides of Maddy's arms assuringly before turning and walking back to their small makeshift camp. Maddy's breathing is almost at a normal rate now, but her heart is still pounding. She touches her cheek where Archer had his blade and she's relieved to feel smooth skin — no gash. \"What were you thinking, Maddy?\" Archer asks the question again, but now his mouth is just a few inches away from her face and his tone has softened to the point of making his voice sound foreign. Maddy opens her mouth to speak but she is unable to articulate a coherent thought in her current state. The sting she felt inside her nose earlier when she was saying goodbye to Archer returns with a ferocious intensity and the only sound that comes from her mouth is a strained whimper. The sound makes Archer feel guilty all over again and he quickly puts his arm around her small shoulders and pulls her pathetic little body close to him. \"Solomon, is that fire started?\" His hand feels like sandpaper even through the fabric of her t-shirt. Maddy wonders how many lives have ended under his hands and the thought does nothing but feed her anxiety all over again. She walks under his arm, pressed against him, as he pushes branches and leaves out of the way. Archer sits Maddy down against a rock and holds his hand out as if to tell her to sit and not move . \"I just need the match, Mister Archer,\" Solomon answers. He's created a promising bundle of sticks encircled by rocks that Archer nods to confidently as he picks his backpack up. He opens the canvas flap and pulls out the box of matches to toss to Solomon, who pulls out three to light and stick in between the twigs. They catch after a few seconds and soon the whole bundle is ablaze. The flame lights Solomon's face up and Maddy almost smiles. She's glad to see him. \"I will get more sticks,\" Solomon says as he stands. He hands the matches back to Archer, who takes one out and strikes it to light his cigarette. \"No no, this is enough,\" Archer tells him sternly. \"It is too small, it will not last very long.\" \"That's fine, Solomon.\" The column of smoke he pushes through his lips catches in the weak light of the small flame and Maddy's fingers twitch towards her camera. She's taking a picture before she even realizes it, and just as quickly as she snaps the shot, her camera is back in her lap with its lens capped. Archer acts as though he is oblivious to the action as he takes another deep drag from his cigarette. \"A big fire will attract unwanted attention, huh,\" Archer says as he goes to sit beside Maddy. Solomon nods and goes sits across from them close to the tiny fire and he holds his hands out over it. The dry warmth is comforting. \"Why did you follow us, huh? Are you fucking crazy? You could have been killed, Maddy.\" \"But I wasn't,\" she says, finding her voice. \"I'm fine.\" \"Are you hurt?\" He asks. \"Did I hurt you?\" \"I said I'm fine.\" \"Maddy,\" he growls. \"This isn't the time to act smart, a'right? You're in the bush now, you're out of your element.\" Maddy doesn't respond. \"You were stupid to not get on the plane, Maddy.\" \"So were you.\"[Chapter 3] Three The sun is just beginning to rise when Maddy feels Archer's rough hand on her arm. She forces her eyes open as she starts and Archer makes a quite noise that Maddy interprets as a chuckle. She looks up at him as she rubs her eyes with her grimy hands. \"Have some water, huh,\" he says as he takes his hand off her arm. He pulls his canteen from his backpack and offers it to Maddy, who takes it without a moment's hesitation. She has a few generous drinks before offering it back to Archer, who shakes his head. \"Drink more, Maddy.\" \"I don't want to finish it all.\" \"Drink more,\" he repeats. Maddy listens. She drinks until she can't manage another swallow. Archer takes the canteen from her and finishes its contents before capping it and dropping it back into his backpack. He wraps his fingers around Maddy's bicep and lifts her up. \"You a'right?\" He asks her. She nods. \"Sleep okay, Miss Bowen?\" \"I slept fine.\" He nods to show interest but he promptly turns and walks toward Solomon. Maddy follows him and soon, the three of them are marching through the thick brush. Solomon and Archer walk beside each other and Maddy remains a few paces behind them. She snaps a few photos to finish off the roll of film in her camera. The sound of it winding is like music to her ears and she makes quick work of putting a new role in when it finishes. Archer turns to look back at her. Her head is down almost completely and her full attention is on her camera as she loads the fresh role of film. \"Maddy,\" Archer barks. She snaps to attention and looks up at him. \"You're going to fall behind.\" \"I'm keeping up,\" she answers. She snaps the back of her camera closed and listens to it wind again. Archer motions for her to walk between her and Solomon. She hop-skips forward and looks up at him. He has a thick chunk of branch between his teeth and he's chewing on it quite furiously. Maddy decides he's using that in place of a cigarette. Archer walks close to Maddy the entire time they're moving. He stays half a pace behind her and he seems more watchful and cautious now that he has someone other than himself to keep alive. They walk all day and break only twice. When night falls, they press on until they reach a rock formation on the side of a mountain. They are near an RUF camp and the sound of gunfire and loud music reminds them just how close they are to danger, and also, to the diamond. They find a small cave that faces a deep valley and Archer decides it's the safest place for them to stop to rest for the night. It's a bit of a climb as well, and very fortunately so, because just as they begin the short ascent up the rocks, a fierce thunderstorm begins and a hard downpour of rain falls from the sky. They all scramble up the side of the cliff and into the cave like rats. Like the previous night, Solomon gathers sticks for a fire as Archer paces around. He's instructed Maddy to sit against the wall like a child, and not wanting to oppose him, she listens. The twigs are damp and Archer douses them with the alcohol he managed to find amongst the food rations he stole. He takes a long swig and offers the bottle to Solomon, who declines it, before pouring it over the bunch. It lights easily and burns slowly as the rain pours down. Solomon sits near the fire as he eats some of the food he packed. It's the first time he's eaten in days. Maddy watches the fire. She feels hypnotized by it. Archer drops a packet of food into her lap before lowering himself down beside her. \"I think you should eat something, huh. I could snap you between my fingers like a branch.\" Maddy picks up the packet from her thighs and looks at it. \"Just add some water and shake it a bit, it's like a soup.\" She nods. Before she has a chance to open her meal, Archer takes the packet from her and tears it open for her. He pours in water from his canteen and pinches the top closed to shake it for a few seconds. He hands it back to Maddy, who folds the corner of the packet into a spout to pour the 'soup' into her mouth easily. It tastes salty and repulsive, but it's food and she's starving. Archer mixes his own packet and eats next to her. The cave is silent except for the fire and the rain and thunder. They throw their empty packets onto the fire and they prove to be excellent fuel. Archer sighs and pulls his button down shirt off to ball up under his head as he lies down on the rock floor. He lights a cigarette and puffs on it slowly. Maddy takes pictures of the cave, of Solomon, and of Archer, who currently seems to be enjoying a life deep inside his thoughts. \"Why did you follow us?\" Solomon asks Maddy after a moment. She puts her camera down. \"I don't know.\" Archer opens his eyes and sits up. He looks at her. \"I just felt like I had to.\" Archer raises his eyebrows. He flicks the ash off the end of his cigarette. \"For what?\" \"For my story,\" she answers. He scoffs and shakes his head. \"You're not dumb enough to risk death over a story, Maddy, come on.\" \"I've done it before,\" she says surely, \"and I'll do it again.\" \"You're just a proud American, Miss Bowen, admit it.\" She shakes her head. \"I started something with you, with both of you, and I want to see it through right to the end.\" \"What end, Maddy, what end do you envision?\" She clenches her jaw for a moment before swallowing and shrugging. \"Solomon finds his family and you—\" \"Get my stone?\" She pauses. She nods. \"And you?\" \"I get my story.\" \"I told you I would die if you published a word of what I gave you.\" \"If you stayed here,\" Maddy says quickly. \"If you stayed in Africa.\" Solomon looks at Archer and then at Maddy. \"You said that diamond was your ticket out of here, didn't you?\" He nods slowly. \"When you get it,\" she starts, her voice cool and even, \"you don't have to sell it illegally. I have connections in America, I can take you both there with me. Solomon will be reunited with his family and you can sell the diamond legally.\" Archer laughs and shakes his head. \"Your optimism is turning you into an idiot, Miss Bowen.\" \"What is wrong with that?\" Solomon asks. \"Mister Archer, it is everything we want.\" \"You, maybe, but I want my freedom.\" \"You can be free in America,\" she tells him. \"And alive.\"[Chapter 4] Four It is their third day of traveling under the ruthless African sun and all three of them are exhausted. Solomon says they are close to where the diamond is and that's enough to keep them pushing forward. Maddy feels like her body is on the verge of just shutting down spontaneously. Her joints ache with every movement and her skin feels tight and dirty, as though the grime she's been toiling in is melting into her permanently. Her clothes are constantly damp with sweat and filthy and she just feels awful. She knows, though, that this will be worth it in the end. Through every second of misery, she retains the hope that this suffering will pay off. They reach a zone that has been devastated by the war. There are still miner camps established in the area so they navigate around as opposed to going through — it's safer that way, Solomon says. So they jog and then walk and then jog again, doing this for several hours, before reaching the base of a mountain. Solomon tells Archer that they are close. It's midday. \"Up this ridge,\" Solomon motions up. \"On the plateau, I have buried it near a fallen tree.\" \"That's real specific, huh,\" Archer spits off to the side. He licks his lips. \"It is unmistakable,\" Solomon responds. \"I know where it is, Mister Archer.\" \"Ja, ja, I hope you do, Solomon.\" \"I do.\" It's nearing late afternoon and the sounds of gunfire and car engines rips through the African silence like a hurricane. Numbness rains through Maddy's limbs like an electric shock and the three of them stand stiff amidst the branches and leaves of a bush. Maddy feels Archer's hand on the small of her back and he tugs on her shirt. \"Get down,\" he says in an almost silent whisper. He pulls her shirt again and she crouches down in the foliage. Archer draws his gun and drops his backpack quietly near Maddy. She can do nothing but look up and him and Solomon and try to gauge their next move. All the muscles in Archer's forearm tense to attention as he clenches his hand around the neck of the gun. \"Stay here,\" he says to Maddy. \"Don't move, a'right?\" Maddy nods. \"I mean it Maddy,\" he drops to his knee suddenly and grabs her by the chin to make her look him right in the eye. \"Don't fucking move, do you understand?\" \"Yes!\" Archer looks Maddy's face over twice before standing again. This time, he feels like the one who is trying to commit a face to memory. This could be the last time he sees her and he wants to make sure he has something nice to think about if anything happens to him. He releases her face and squeezes her shoulder and then stands and shoves Solomon out of the bush. Maddy watches them. The gunfire and engines roar closer until they blast past them and fade in the distance. Maddy feels intense relief and she stands to go and catch up with Archer and Solomon, who she sees are halfway up the mountain. She grabs Archer's backpack by the strap and makes a dash towards the mountain. \"How much more?\" She hears Archer bark breathlessly. \"I can see the plateau, Mister Archer!\" \"Hurry up, then!\" Maddy is almost powerless when Archer and Solomon start climbing the steep hill faster. She tries to keep pace with them, but she feels as though she's running on a treadmill. She moves quickly, but Archer and Solomon move more quickly and soon, they reach the plateau. \"Start digging,\" Archer orders. Solomon drops to his knees and begins clawing at the soft dirt with his fingers. Archer stands over him and looks around impatiently. The sound of the army has disappeared but Archer feels more anxious than ever. Silence is never good in the jungle. \"Archer,\" Maddy pants as she pulls herself up onto the plateau. \"Christ, Maddy,\" he snaps. His gun is drawn towards her but he drops it immediately and storms over to grab her by the arm and pull her close to him. \"I told you not to move!\" \"The soldiers are gone,\" she breathes up at him. \"You need to fucking listen to me when I say something,\" he tells her harshly as he squeezes her bicep hard. Maddy winces. \"We're out in the open here, it's dangerous.\" \"I'm fine,\" she tells him defensively. \"Yeah, of course you are,\" he scoffs. He lets go of her with a shove. \"You and your fucking hero complex.\" Three shrill gunshots ring through the air and Archer knows that the soldiers are close, or at least within firing range. Solomon, still on his hands and knees digging, drops completely down onto his stomach and lies flat on the ground. Archer shoves Maddy down and draws his gun. He scans the landscape with one sweep and shoots at the disturbances he spots in the grass before him. He is accurate and swift in killing the two soldiers that just fired at them. \"Get that fucking stone, Solomon,\" Archer says. \"Hurry up!\" He pushes himself up. \"I am hurrying, Mister Archer,\" Solomon answers as he begins digging again. \"Hurry more!\" He pops the magazine out of his gun and replaces it quickly. He goes to look over Solomon's shoulder at the holes he's dug up, all of them empty. He curses audibly and spits off to his side. \"Dig faster, Solomon,\" he says again as he pulls his SAT phone from his pocket. He dials his contact's number and holds the phone to his ear. \"Jesus fucking Christ.\" \"I cannot find it!\" Solomon explains in a moment of frustration. \"What do you mean you can't find it?\" He demands. \"Solomon!\" \"Wait, wait, it is here,\" Solomon says. \"Hello?\" \"Bru,\" Archer feels relieved when his contact answers. \"Bring the plane to these coordinates, a'right, are you ready?\" \"Ready.\" Archer tells his contact their coordinates as Solomon pulls the wad of fabric from the earth. He opens it up slowly and marvels at the pink diamond in it. No bigger than the size of an egg, it shines fiercely and feels sharp under the pads of Solomon's fingers. Archer sees him holding the stone and his heart begins to race. He hangs up the SAT phone and drops it into his pocket before storming over to Solomon to take the rock from him. He's in awe as he holds it up to the light. \"This is worth millions.\" \"What now, Mister Archer?\" Solomon wipes his hands on his shirt as he stands. \"Where is Miss Bowen?\" Archer takes his eyes off the diamond to turn to face Maddy. She's still lying on the floor. \"Maddy, get up,\" he barks. \"We're going to the top of the mountain, my contact is on his way with a plane.\" No answer. \"Miss Bowen,\" Solomon says. Archer shoves the diamond into the breast pocket of his shirt as he marches over to Maddy. He drops to his knees to grab her arm and pull her up. She's limp in his grip and it takes only a moment for Archer to notice the blood on her shirt. \"Fucking Christ,\" he grits his teeth. \"Maddy!\" He puts her arm around his neck as he scoops her up in his arms. She's wafer-thin in his arms and he feels sick with culpability — this is one death that he's not sure he'll be able to live with. \"Is she dead?\" Solomon asks quietly. \"No!\" He yells. \"Keep going, come on.\" He motions up the ridge with his head and Solomon continues on their ascent to the peak. \"Is she hurt?\" \"What do you think, huh?\" He pants. \"She's fucking shot!\" He can smell the metallic scent of her blood and it's not helping his nerves in the slightest. He looks down at her and the way her head is just hanging back and jerking with the movements of his steps is so unnerving. She looks dead. \"We must get her to a hospital,\" Solomon says to Archer. \"I fucking know, Solomon!\" Maddy's eyes flutter open at the loud sound of his voice. \"Maddy, Maddy,\" Archer says urgently. He stops for a moment to get a better hold on her body. \"Keep your eyes open, huh.\" \"Did you get your stone?\" She asks slowly. Archer strains to hear her voice. \"Ja, ja, I got it.\" \"Good.\" Her eyes begin to close again and Archer panics and almost trips over a rock. He catches himself and shakes Maddy. \"Keep your eyes open!\" She forces them open and looks up at him. \"Keep your fucking eyes open, Maddy!\" \"No, I can't,\" she sighs. \"I can't.\" \"You want your story, don't you?\" He growls. \"Maybe in another life,\" she smiles weakly. \"Maddy, goddamnit!\" He and Solomon reach the peak of the mountain and Solomon clears a space on the dirt for Archer to lie Maddy down. Archer gets down on both knees and lowers her onto the ground carefully. He fixes her head and her arms and legs and looks up at Solomon helplessly. Solomon doesn't know what to do and he offers little in response. Archer removes the diamond from the breast pocket of his button down shirt and shoves it into the pocket of his pants housing the SAT phone. He pulls his shirt off and balls it up in his fist. He pushes Maddy's blood soaked shirt up. Her torso is bloody and dirty and Archer sees that she's been shot in the side. He presses his shirt to the wound so hard that she yells out in pain. Archer flinches and grabs her chin to shake her head. She opens her eyes after a moment and big tears come spilling down her temples. She draws in a ragged inhale that she almost chokes on. \"Keep your eyes open, Maddy, we're almost out of here.\"[Chapter 5] Five The next time Maddy's eyes open, she recognizes her surroundings as the interior of a medical tent at a UNICEF base camp. She wonders exactly how she ended up at a UNICEF camp and if Archer was responsible for getting her there. Maddy makes an attempt to sit up straighter than she already is, but the stern sound of someone kissing their teeth keeps her still. Before she can find the source of the sound. Archer is standing over her chewing on a piece of wood. She almost doesn't recognize him without a film of grime covering him. \"Don't move,\" he tells her. She nods and relaxes back into the pillows behind her. She licks her dry lips and swallows. \"How did you get me here?\" \"I smuggled you in,\" he jokes without a smile. Maddy cocks her brow. \"You wouldn't have made it to a proper hospital,\" he says, his tone changing. \"So we flew around until we spotted the flag. I figured you were some sort of UNICEF person. They recognized you and put us up.\" \"Solomon is here too?\" He nods. \"He's showering.\" He approaches the side of her cot and picks up a plastic cup with a straw in it to extend to Maddy. \"You should drink this.\" \"What is it?\" He smirks. \"It's water.\" The simple act of lifting her hands to take the cup from Archer is exhausting. Her arms feel like they are weighted with lead and she can only manage to hold them up for a few small sips. Archer sees her struggle and moves close enough to put his hands over hers to hold the cup just high enough for her to use the straw. Her skin is warm and soft against his rough palms. \"The doctor said you'll be fine,\" he says in a low voice as she finds relief in the liquid. \"They got the bullet out of you, pumped some blood into you…you're fine.\" \"You saved my life,\" she says after swallowing her last sip of water. He kisses his teeth again. \"Don't start with that sentimental nonsense now, Miss Bowen. I just didn't want another dead body on my hands.\" \"My dead body.\" He nods. He puts the cup down. \"Thank you.\" He scoffs and shakes his head. \"For what? I won't have any thanks, Miss Bowen.\" \"You brought me here, didn't you? And for that, I'm thankful.\" He nods half-heartedly. \"Do you still have your stone?\" He nods again, this time more intently. \"Of course I do.\" \"What are you going to do now?\" He purses his lips and gnaws down on the piece of wood he's been nursing all afternoon. Archer doesn't know what his next move is. His original plan of getting the stone and leaving with his contact was thrown right out the window the moment Maddy followed them into the brush. He thinks back on her offer to take him and Solomon to America. A legal diamond sale. No blood on his hands. \"What are you thinking about, Archer?\" He takes the wood from his mouth and spits before answering. \"You said you have someone who would buy this stone in America.\" She nods. \"Is that what you want to do?\" He hesitates. \"I'll end up in prison. They'll have my head in America. I push stones for a living, Maddy, I'm not a UNICEF type like you.\" \"You gave me my story, Archer, I'll see that nothing happens…\" She sighs slowly as a wave of pain throbs through her. She feels nauseous with discomfort so she closes her eyes for a moment to try and quell the feeling. Archer watches her tense in the cot and he shifts his weight from one leg to the other. She opens her eyes again and clears her throat. \"You gave me my story,\" she repeats. \"I will keep you safe.\" \"And Solomon?\" \"I'll search the refugee manifest for his family,\" she says. \"And I'll have them flown to America.\" \"What about me?\" \"What about you?\" \"Say I sell the stone and avoid prison time… and then what?\" Maddy thinks. \"I can get you a job.\" Archer almost throws his head back in a full, hearty laughter, but instead, he shakes his head with a scoff and turns to pace around. He chews on the branch he's been using in place of a cigarette furiously and his teeth break off soggy splinters that he promptly spits out. Maddy's eyes follow him up and down, back and forth, until he stops at the foot of her bed to look at her again. \"A job?\" \"A real job,\" she says. \"Diamond smuggler isn't recognized as an occupation in America?\" He hisses. \"I push stones for a living, Miss Bowen, that's what I do. That's what hundreds of poor fucks do here. I get a nice fat pay every time I make a deal. What will America offer me that could possibly match what I have now?\" \"Safety,\" she answers in a sure voice, or at least, as sure as she can sound in her current state. \"Security. You won't have to walk around with a target on the back of your head.\" He waves her words away with a dismissive flick of his hand. \"I've got a target on my back and a price on my head, Maddy, do you understand that? I'm a smuggler,\" he repeats with intensity. \"If someone wants me dead, they'll find a way to get to me, here or in America.\" \"You'll be safer in America.\" \"I've been fine here,\" he retorts. Maddy remains silent. Another wave of nauseous discomfort waves over her and she draws in a sharp inhale to try and compose her trembling insides. She sinks into the pillows behind her and realizes how tense Archer has made her when her shoulders slump down into their natural repose. Her muscles relax. She unclenches her fists. Archer watches her face, the way her brow is trembling and the way the tendons in her neck twitch under her skin, as he tosses his branch to the ground. He crushes it under the toe of his boot. Maddy opens her eyes again. \"I'm not forcing you to come to America with me,\" she sighs. \"I'm just telling you that the opportunity is there if you want to take it.\" \"Ja, ja,\" he nods. He pulls a cigarette from his pocket and lights it between his lips. \"You'd be met with a hero's welcome in America,\" he claps sardonically, \"save the smuggler and the poor black man from Africa. That's two in one trip.\" \"Archer…\" \"And then you can write about how you fixed a broken man, huh,\" he spits. \"How you brought him to the land of opportunity and put him in a nice suit and tie—\" \"Arch—\" \"That would be fucking great for you, wouldn't it, Maddy?\" His voice is almost shrill with venom. He's livid and she can almost see his temples throbbing with anger. Maddy doesn't understand why he is acting so standoffish suddenly and she feels dejected and exhausted. She only wants to help Archer and all he seems to be doing is acting difficult and proud. \"Why can't you just let me help you?\" She asks finally, exasperated. \"I don't need your help,\" he barks. He draws in a sharp inhale and blows the smoke out through his flared nostrils. \"I never needed your help, Maddy.\" He looks her over sternly and turns to leave the tent. \"Archer, please just give me a chance to speak!\" \"And say what?\" He demands. \"I got my stone, I got what I came here for, a'right? You have your story and a bullet hole to take home with you.\" \"What about Solomon?\" She asks, hoping her question would made him stay. \"What about him, huh?\" \"I could give you both your happy endings if you just give me the chance to, Archer!\" \"You fucking Americans all think the same,\" he says as he drills his finger into his temple. The ashes from the end of his cigarette flake off by the side of his face. \"Happy endings, don't make me laugh.\" Maddy feels her throat tighten up. \"There are no happy endings in Africa,\" he growls, leaving.[Chapter 6] Six There are no happy endings in Africa. There are no happy endings in Africa? Archer was a cynic the day he met her and a cynic the day he walked out on her, yet Maddy feels surprisingly hollow without him chain smoking and cursing around her. She doesn't know why she feels this way, but the fact that she'll never see Archer again makes her more sad than she can accept. She keeps telling herself that he's just gone out for a cigarette or for a walk and that he'll walk in flaunting his big pink diamond like the smug pusher he is. Every nurse or doctor that walks in is Archer until she sees otherwise. Archer never walks back in, he has left for good. A part of Maddy nags in her mind telling her that she let Archer down by letting him slip away so easily. She wasn't aggressive enough in persuading him to stick around, or maybe she was too aggressive and that pushed him away. She wracks her brain trying to figure out what she did to send him away and it exhausts her into a sleep that lasts almost 24 full hours. The days pass by in a fog that clears only when she has to eat and drink at the aid of a nurse. She sits quietly in her bed listening to her doctors and caretakers and offers little in terms of conversation. She feels as though she is mourning, but for what, she doesn't know. Archer never thought of Maddy as anything more than a means to an end. Maybe he had already washed his hands of her when he told her to get on the plane and Maddy chasing after him was her grabbing at straws. Perhaps Maddy should have gotten on that plane, perhaps Archer should have joined her. \"I have some excellent news, Miss Bowen,\" her doctor enters the tent cheerfully. Maddy looks up at him. \"How are you feeling today?\" \"All right,\" she answers. \"Three days of rest and constant care have done well for me, thank you.\" \"I am pleased to hear,\" he nods to her. \"You are well enough to leave, Miss Bowen. Your vitals are back to where they should be, all your levels are looking great and your stitches are healing wonderfully. When I changed your wound's dressing, there was hardly any infection or bleeding.\" \"That is good news.\" She smiles, but only for a moment. She hasn't smiled in days and the sentiment seems forced and insincere. \"I have the forms ready for your discharge,\" he starts as he hands a few sheets of paper to Maddy. \"You just have to sign and then you are a free woman.\" \"Do you have a telephone I could use?\" She asks. She picks her pen off the table near her cot and signs the papers as her eyes flick over them. \"Oh yes, of course,\" he answers. \"We have a communication tent on the other side of the camp, you are free to use the resources there to contact whomever you may need to contact.\" \"Perfect, thank you,\" she smiles. \"A nurse will be here to bring you new clothes and a new bag for your belongings so you can get on your way.\" Maddy turns her head to look at her shoulder bag. The thick canvas is stained with dirt and blood and, though that bag as served her well, she feels that a new one would be in her best interest. She looks back at the doctor and expresses her sincerest gratitude for their care. The doctor is more than modest — he tells her how eager he is for her to spread awareness about the happenings in Sierra Leone so that the war may finally end. As he leaves, a nurse enters with a UNICEF shoulder bag and a t-shirt and jeans with her forms, which she signs right away. She sets the clothes down on a chair at the foot of her cot and apologizes if they fit too loosely. \"They are for men,\" she says. \"There were no more clothes for adult women. Maybe they are too big, I tried to get the smallest male size for you.\" \"Oh, they're fine,\" Maddy replies. \"They're just clothes, they'll do, thank you.\" The nurse bows her head and leaves Maddy alone in the tent. She gets out of bed slowly, wary of her injury, and walks around a bit to stretch her limbs out. Being up and about on her own two feet feels good again. She grabs the clean clothes she was brought and changes into them immediately. They smell starchy and fresh and they feel like relief on her skin. The pants are indeed too lose for Maddy and they don't stay up on her hips, but after emptying the contents of her old bag to put into her new bag, she tears the strap off it and fashions herself a belt. She's pleased with her craftiness as she tosses the old bag aside. Maddy begins putting her things into her new bag. Her moleskine notebooks, her pens and pencils, her passports and media credentials, her dozen rolls of film, and her camera gear. Everything fits just right. She draws in a deep breath as she stands up straight with her bag hanging off her shoulder. She feels as though she has shed her old skin, the skin Archer has touched. The spot on her forehead he brushed with his fingers after the car accident. Her cheek where she guided his hand. Her wrist where he held when he told her to get on the plane. Her hands where he helped her drink water. She can still feel him and she doesn't want to. She shakes his face from her thoughts and leaves the tent. She holds her hands over to eyes to let herself adjust to being in the bright sunlight again. It feels hot and dry out here and Maddy almost wants to retreat back into the shade of her tent until sundown when the air because cooler and more comfortable. But she wills herself onward — she has people to call and things to arrange. Maddy turns the corner around the tent and starts when her face is met with someone's chest. She gasps in surprise and steps back, her eyes darting downward in a mixture of embarrassment and apology. By the boots she sees inches away from her own feet, the person she just bumped into is a man, and one that is no stranger to the area. \"I am so, so sorry,\" she says apologetically. The man kisses his teeth with a wry scoff. Maddy recognizes the sound and she looks up. \"You're clumsy for a photographer, Miss Bowen.\" \"I'm a journalist.\" \"Ja, ja, journalist.\" Maddy doesn't waste another moment. She lifts herself on her toes and throws her arms around Archer's neck and presses her forehead into his shoulder. He smells like cigarettes and sweat and the smell sets her senses on fire. She's never hugged anyone this urgently before and her stomach feels knotted in her throat. It only takes a few seconds for Maddy to register the obscenity of the hug, but when she goes to break it, she feels the resistance from Archer's arms fully around her torso. He has encircled her completely. Maddy looks at the side of his neck and she can see that his heart is racing through the pulse just under his jawline. Archer closes his eyes and allows himself the luxury of vulnerability as he draws in a deep inhale of Maddy. She smells like soap. She smells clean. Archer opens his eyes again and lets go of her. He puts his hands on her shoulders and holds her at arm's length. \"I thought you left.\" \"Ja, ja, I did leave,\" he answers. He drops his arms by his sides as he chews on the corner of his lip. He flicks his hand near his head. \"I went around.\" \"I thought you left for good.\" \"Do you take me for a monster, Miss Bowen?\" Maddy blinks at him. He cracks a small, knowing smile. \"Don't answer that.\" \"Why'd you come back?\" \"I gave America a bit more thought, you know, some careful consideration,\" he says sarcastically. The two begin walking side by side. \"And?\" \"I think I'll go.\" \"With me, to New York?\" \"What do you mean, 'with me'?\" He asks. He smiles again, he almost laughs. \"Are you going to shove me into a crate and ship me over like stolen cargo, Miss Bowen?\" \"No, I just,\" Maddy shakes her head with a soft chuckle. \"You're willing to come to New York with me?\" \"That is America, isn't it?\" He asks. Maddy laughs again and nods. \"That's America, yes.\" \"Good.\" \"Do you know where Solomon is?\" \"He's waiting on the other side of the camp.\" \"You went with him?\" \"Ja, he helped me tie up some loose ends,\" Archer answers vaguely. \"Does he want to come too?\" \"Solomon is the one that convinced me to listen to you and go,\" he looks down at her for a moment, but her eyes are straight forward, \"He told me that you were a good person, that I should accept the goodness you have to offer.\" \"Solomon is a smart man,\" Maddy says. \"For a fisherman.\" \"He's a smart man.\" Archer nods. \"Is he waiting at the communication center?\" \"Ja, ja,\" Archer answers. \"Do you still have your stone?\" \"What do you think, Miss Bowen?\" She nods. \"I've got that big pink and plenty more, now.\" \"Is that what you left for, to get more diamonds?\" \"I told you, I went to tie up loose ends,\" he taps the palm of his hand mockingly. \"Where's your little journalist book, huh, you should be writing things down if you can't remember them!\" \"I remember things fine, Archer.\" \"I collected what was mine,\" his tone changes and he speaks from a much more aggressive cadence. \"I wasn't about to leave with unfinished business.\" Maddy nods understandingly. He pulls a cigarette from his pocket and lights it with a match and Maddy takes that as a cue that their conversation is over. They continue walking in silence, side by side, until they arrive at the next camp. Archer walks ahead and leads Maddy to Solomon, who is pleased to see her again. Maddy is equally content. They exchange niceties briefly and then Maddy goes to call to arrange for a chopper and three seats on a flight to New York from Freetown. She is informed that there are no commercial flights leaving Freetown because of the rebel threats, but after making a few more calls to her publisher in New York, a private flight is set up and everything is in line for them to leave.[Chapter 7] Seven Archer snores louder than anyone Maddy has ever met. With his head back and his mouth hanging open, he sounds like a truck every time he inhales. Solomon is sleeping as well, but his breathing is even and he's completely silent. Maddy looks at Archer as he gurgles through another loud snore. She fears he may kink his neck if he sleeps like that for the entire flight to New York so she reaches over and touches his cheek to fix his head. She starts when he snaps awake and grabs her wrist with alarming strength. \"Archer,\" she hisses, startled. He clenches his teeth and looks at her for a few seconds before releasing her wrist. \"What are you touching me for?\" \"I didn't want you to kink your neck.\" He furrows her brow at her as he clicks his tongue. \"I was just looking out for you.\" \"You do that a lot, huh.\" \"Well…\" \"Stop looking out for me. One of these days I'll actually kill you, huh, then what?\" Maddy frowns. She lowers her voice to continue speaking. \"Archer.\" \"What, Maddy?\" He looks at her and Maddy is instantly reminded of how piercing his eyes are. With clean skin and hair that isn't tinged with dirt, they look bright blue and vibrant. Almost friendly. Maddy loses her train of thought for a moment as he raises his thick brows expectantly. \"What?\" \"Why are you so angry with me? I thought this was what you wanted. You didn't have to come back to my tent after you left.\" He grunts. \"Ja, I know.\" \"Lighten up, then.\" He licks the corners of his lips. \"No.\" \"Stubborn and a cynic,\" she cracks a smile and Archer's brows only furrow more. \"I may have gotten myself in over my head.\" The wrinkles in Archer's forehead flatten and his lips twitch into something vaguely similar to a smile. She pats his knee twice before turning her attention back down to the manifest in her lap. Archer doesn't take his eyes off her. He watches her lips stiffen into a line across her face as she narrows her focus to the names on the page. He blinks when her hair comes loose from behind her ear. \"What are you looking at?\" Archer shrugs. \"I'm just looking.\" \"At?\" \"I'm looking to look, a'right?\" \"Nothing is that simple with you, Archer,\" she looks back up at him. His face snaps back into its usual scowl. \"Is there something on my face?\" \"Ja, Miss Bowen, your hero complex is showing again.\" The comment catches Maddy off guard and she frowns enough to make Archer laugh. Maddy almost doesn't believe what she's hearing and even Solomon rouses to look behind him to make sure what he's hearing is actually real. He smirks before turning back to face forward in his seat. Archer licks his lips again and settles back in his seat with a self-satisfied smile plastered on his face. \"I'm going to sleep again. Keep your hands away from my face, huh?\" \"Or else what, you'll break my wrist?\" \"Don't test me, Maddy.\" \"Go to sleep, Archer.\" Archer nods a scoff to her. He inhales deeply as he shifts his body in his seat to rest his head back. His eyes close. Maddy tunes the sound of his breathing out while she continues scanning the tiny names in the manifest in her lap. She chews lightly on the inside corner of her bottom lip and focuses on the task at hand until one of Archer's loud, croaking snores breaks her attention. After an annoyed sigh and a having read over the same line of names four times, Maddy lifts herself from her seat to go and sit in the vacant one beside Solomon. He greets her presence with a broad smile and a bow of his head. \"Mister Archer sounds like a beast.\" Maddy nods. \"I can barely focus with him breathing right in my ear.\" \"Have you found the names of my family?\" He asks, gesturing to the papers she's holding. She shakes her head. \"Not yet.\" \"I can help,\" he says. \"I can read.\" Maddy smiles and nods. She hands Solomon the pages belonging to one of the camps that was close to his village and he takes the papers with caution. He runs his fingers down the small type before beginning to read each of the names. Some of recognizes and others he doesn't, but none of them are his family. He reads through the pages several times for his own personal closure before he shakes his head and sighs. \"Not in this camp,\" he tells her. Maddy scrawls something down on the cover of the stapled package. \"There are still several more camp lists to look through,\" she assures him. He looks devastated. \"Are you hungry, Solomon?\" He doesn't respond. \"Let's eat something, Solomon, and then we can continue looking through the lists. There's plenty of food on this plane and I think we've earned a decent meal after the past few days.\" Solomon looks at her with gentle eyes and nods twice. Maddy smiles and puts the lists away before getting up to fetch them each a meal from the small kitchenette at the back of the jet. The luxury of flying privately, she thinks to herself as she puts a dish into the microwave. She returns to her seat and she and Solomon eat together. He tells her more about his family and Maddy is eager to hear. She feels even more strongly about trying to find them and she knows she'll stop at nothing to get him his wife and children back. He thanks Maddy for the food and takes another camp list to look through as she gets up to take their plates back. She looks at Archer as she passes him. He's still asleep and his head is angled the same way it was earlier. She takes her's and Solomon's plates back to the kitchenette and washes them to put away. She goes back to Archer and leans over her seat to adjust his head — she didn't take his threat to heart. She reaches over to put her hand against his cheek to fix his head. Her fingers are barely touching him when he speaks. \"Miss Bowen,\" he says warningly. Maddy can't help it when the corners of her lips curl. \"What did I tell you, huh?\" He opens his eyes slowly and looks at her as he sits up straight in his seat. \"I'll kill you, Maddy.\" She raises her shoulders innocently. They share a smile.[Chapter 8] Eight Maddy manages to locate the camp where Solomon's family is when she finds their names in the manifest. She makes the appropriate phone calls immediately and it only takes an hour for her to ensure that they will be on the next available flight to New York. When Maddy tells Solomon the news, his eyes light up and he is moved almost to the point of tears. The sincerity in his voice makes Maddy's heart swell and she reminds him that it was the least she could have done for him. She leaves Solomon to enjoy the news in his own space on the plane. She returns to her seat, and much to her surprise, Archer is awake and looking out the window. \"You found his family, huh?\" His eyes are still fixed on the scenery on the other side of the circular window. \"I did, yes,\" she nods. \"They'll be together within the next couple of weeks, maybe even sooner if the rush I put on their passports is approved.\" \"How's your hero complex doing right now?\" He turns to face her. \"I didn't do it to feel proud of myself,\" she tells him. \"I did it for Solomon.\" \"And for peace and all that mumbo-jumbo, right?\" \"Archer, if you're going to be a jerk again, I'm going to sit at the front of the plane by myself.\" He scoffs. \"Go on then, Miss Bowen, I'm not stopping you.\" \"You should be happy that Solomon will get to be with his wife and children again,\" she says as she gets up. \"I'm glowing for him,\" he answers flatly. \"How would you feel if you were taken from your family?\" She snaps harshly. Archer looks up at her. His stoic indifference to the situation turns quickly into sadness and even more quickly into anger as the last images of his brutalized parents come crashing back into the forefront of his mind. He swallows hard. His chest feels heavy. Maddy sees the instant change in him and she can't believe what she just said — she threw the fact that he does not have any family at all back in his face in the cruelest way. She sits back down and goes to hold Archer's clenched fist, but he yanks his entire arm away. He's sitting rigidly at the edge of his seat now, like an animal that has just been threatened. \"Archer, I'm sorry,\" she says gently. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"For a journalist,\" he hisses as he gets up hurriedly, \"you're pretty fucking careless with your words, huh.\" \"Archer, I wasn't thinking,\" she apologizes. \"Please sit down, I'm sorry.\" He punches the headrest of the seat in front of him as he pushes past Maddy's knees. He regrets agreeing to come to New York and, just for a second, he even regrets getting Maddy to safety after she was shot. He feels a twinge of shame for having such a morbid thought, but he is so angry that he isn't thinking straight. Archer doesn't know how to handle thinking about his parents again. He usually battles the memories with alcohol and cigarettes, but he has neither at his disposal and that only fuels his rage. His sober consciousness is making him more volatile than usual. He storms to the front of the plane and throws himself down in the free seat in front of Solomon. He's sweating. His nails are digging into his palms. His teeth are clenched so tightly that he fears they will crack. His temples are throbbing. He needs something to shoot, something to break, something to destroy. He lets out a strained exhale that sounds almost like a growl and that's enough to prompt Solomon out of his seat. \"Mister Archer,\" he says quietly. \"What is the matter?\" \"Fuck off, a'right?\" he snaps instantly, whipping his head around to look at the black man. \"Mister Archer…\" \"I said fuck off, Solomon!\" Archer yelps. He punches the back of his seat and his fist almost goes through it. Solomon is startled at the show of aggression and he sits back down. He doesn't wish to further anger Archer. Maddy hears Archer hit his seat and she gets up and goes over to him. \"Archer,\" she sighs carefully as she kneels down in the aisle beside his seat. \"Archer, I didn't mean what I said.\" \"Maddy, please,\" he responds. He sounds urgent, desperate almost. \"Go back to your seat and leave me alone for the rest of the flight.\" \"I'm not going to leave you alone,\" she answers with a shake of her head. \"I want to resolve this now before we land.\" \"You fucking Americans are really thick,\" he turns to look at her, \"you know that? Especially you, Maddy.\" \"Archer, you don't mean that,\" her voice trembles lightly as she speaks. \"Don't tell me what I do and do not mean, a'right? Because you have no fucking idea, you just think you do.\" Solomon doesn't like the way he's treating Maddy and he gets up again, this time joining Maddy in the aisle. \"Mister Arche—\" Like a tiger going in for the kill, Archer bolts up from his seat and lunges over to grab Solomon by the collar of his shirt. Maddy scrambles up to her feet and stands just in time for Archer's tight fist to connect with her cheek. She falls back into the wall of the plane with a loud enough thud to draw attention from the pilots. \"What's going on back there?\" One asks loudly. \"Fucking Christ almighty,\" Archer breathes. \"What is going on?\" The pilot repeats. \"Nothing!\" Archer spits. He lets go of Solomon's shirt with a bit of a shove. He drops to his knees and pulls Maddy up into his arms. He grabs her chin to steady her head to see what damage he caused her. Her eyelids flutter as she tries to focus on Archer's face. \"Are you happy now?\" Archer grits his teeth. Maddy squeezes her eyes closed. Big tears roll down the sides of her cheeks. \"Get me a fucking towel or something,\" Archer turns to look back at Solomon, who darts to the back of the plane to the restroom. He returns with a handful of small, rolled up hand towels. Archer grabs one and shakes it open before using it to wipe the blood from her face as he cradles her head in the bend of his arm. He doesn't know where his punch connected and he doesn't know where the blood is coming from. Her nose? Her mouth? Her cheek? He dabs the bright red substance gently and Maddy hisses when he touches her cheek. He sees that he's split her cheek open and a swell of guilt explodes in his stomach. \"Christ, Maddy,\" he shakes his head. \"Were you… were you trying to knock some sense into me?\" Maddy hiccups between ragged breaths. \"Ja maybe I was,\" he responds as he juts his jaw out for a moment. \"Did it work?\" \"I guess we'll h-have to wait and see.\"[Chapter 9] Nine Two stitches and one painkiller later, Archer still feels guilty. He feels angry and guilty. Even after the plane lands and they leave the airport and hop into a cab to Maddy's apartment, he still feels guilty. He can't even bring himself to look at her. Archer sits in the front seat of the taxi with his hands on his knees and his eyes fixed on the city racing by outside the window. Solomon sits next to Maddy in the back seat. He leans in to speak to her. \"Why do you forgive Mister Archer for hurting you?\" Maddy lifts her shoulders. \"Why?\" \"Sometimes you have to suffer for the people you care about.\" \"Why do you suffer so much for Mister Archer?\" \"Because I know he's a good man.\" \"But Miss Bowen, he always hurts you.\" \"I know he's a good man, Solomon, he just doesn't know how to be one.\" She speaks just loud enough to catch Archer's ear if he's listening. He's not, but he hears her all the same. He forces himself to look up at the rearview mirror. He sees Maddy's face. Her olive complexion. Her fresh injury. Her smile. She's turned to Solomon, but her eyes meet Archer's in the mirror and he quickly turns his head. \"What if Mister Archer is not really a good man, then what will you do?\" \"I'll accept him for what he is.\" \"As a monster?\" \"As a man.\" The taxi pulls up the curb in front of Maddy's apartment building and the three get out quickly. Maddy pays the driver generously and thanks him and then turns to look at Archer and Solomon. They both look out of their element and Maddy can't help but smile. \"Please, gentlemen, after you.\" She motions up the stairs and Archer and Solomon climb them a few paces in front of Maddy. They enter through the revolving doors and are greeted by the security guards behind the front desk. Maddy is friendly with them and Archer assumes they know each other. He keeps his head down. Solomon nods to them politely. They walk through the front lobby to the elevators where Maddy swipes a card that grants her access into them. She presses the button to her floor and Archer notes that her apartment is on the top floor. The elevator ride is silent. Maddy stands facing the doors and Archer can't keep his eyes off the nape of her neck. The first bumps of her spine are visible from under her skin. Archer wonders what they feel like, he wonders if he can see her spine all the way down her back. The elevator doors opening pull him out of his reverie. He's surprised to be stepping into a room and not into a hallway. \"Make yourselves at home,\" she says. Maddy's apartment is a loft apartment. Everything is out in the open with only a few half walls signifying different rooms. The kitchen. The bedroom. A reading nook. A dining space. The living room. Maddy walks to the living room and drops her bag on the low coffee table that sits in front of a brown tweed sofa. \"The kitchen doesn't have any food in it because I've been away for the past few months, so I'll have to go shopping later,\" she rubs her hands together as she soaks in the smells of her apartment. \"Who wants to shower first?\" She turns to look at the two men. They're standing side by side in front of the elevator, which has closed now. Archer tilts his head to the side. \"Solomon, you can shower first. Come on, I'll show you the bathroom.\" \"What about clothing, Miss Bowen?\" \"I have robes,\" she answers. \"I'll go and buy clothes when I go grocery shopping.\" \"Are you going alone?\" Archer asks, shaking his head. \"You shouldn't go alone.\" \"We're not in your jungle anymore,\" Maddy says to him. \"We're in mine. I can handle myself here. But yes, Solomon, I'll provide you with clothes, don't worry.\" \"Thank you, Miss Bowen,\" Solomon tells her with a bow of his head. Maddy smiles and leads Solomon into the bathroom. She fixes him a set of towels and tells him to take his time. She returns to Archer, who is still standing by the elevator. She looks at him. He looks at her. \"Are you just going to stand there?\" \"Why do you keep forgiving me, huh?\" She raises her shoulders. \"I punched you and I cut your cheek, Maddy.\" \"It was an accident.\" \"Maddy.\" \"The punch was not intended for me, I just happened to get in the way.\" \"Tell me why you keep giving me all these chances, Maddy.\" \"You heard what I said to Solomon.\" \"You tell me why.\" \"I'm going to head out now before it gets too late.\" \"Maddy.\" \"Make yourself at home here, like I said. The remote for the television is on the couch. I'll be back in an hour.\" \"Maddy!\" \"I'll be back in an hour.\" A loud huff escapes Archer when she leaves. She's so stubborn, he thinks to himself. He turns around and decides that he might as well kill time familiarizing himself with her apartment while she's gone. Her kitchen is on the left. One long countertop, one sink, one toaster, one refrigerator, and one stove. He drags his hand across the cool granite of the counter as he looks out onto the living room. It's basic just like the kitchen is — one sofa in front of one coffee table in front of one average sized television. From behind the counter, he can see her bed in the far corner of the space sectioned off by two half walls. Her bed is covered with white sheets with several big white pillows strewn across the mattress. She must like her pillows, it's the only thing she has in excess. Archer feels almost let down by the simplicity of her apartment, but he realizes that anything more extravagant than the basics would have been entirely out of character for Miss Bowen. He shoves his hands into his pockets and feels the diamonds he has on him. He empties his pockets onto the countertop. One velvet pull-sack and one wad of fabric — hundreds of small diamonds and one big pink. Archer sees millions as he fingers the small diamonds and his heart races in his chest. The prospect of getting money from these stones excites him tremendously. He puts the rocks back into his pockets and continues through her apartment. The entire back wall of the space is covered with bookshelves and every single shelf is filled with books and magazines and photo albums. Another excess. Archer looks the shelves up and down as he scans the titles on the spines. Some are photography books and others are books published by journalists about conflict areas, war zones, famines, and natural disasters. This is her true extravagance, he realizes. He picks an album off the shelf and opens it. It's filled with personal photos. Maddy is not in any of them and Archer figures she is probably behind the camera. He thumbs through the pages hoping to see Maddy in one of the photographs, but he only sees strange faces smiling and laughing. He sees happiness. It bothers him. He puts the album back in its slot on the shelf and pulls another out in hopes of finding pictures of Maddy, not pictures taken by Maddy. Archer works his way through two rows of albums before finding one with a picture of Maddy in it. She's still holding the camera, he notes, when he notices her extended arm in the corner of the frame. Her green eyes look so vibrant in the photograph. He turns the page and flips through the rest of the album in hopes of finding another picture of her, but he has no such luck. He puts the book back in its place and pulls another, thicker one out. He sits on the floor with his back against the shelf as he looks through it. This album is filled with polaroids and Maddy is in almost every single one of the snaps. As he looks over each faintly colored square, his realizes his heart his pounding against the back of his ribs. His throat is dry. His palms are sweating. He licks his lips and swallows as he closes his eyes and rests his head back against the hardwood shelf. He must be exhausted, he tells himself.[Chapter 10] Ten When Maddy returns to her apartment with an armful of groceries and clothing, she is greeted with silence. No television, no talking, no arguing. Just snoring. She slides her shoes off and pushes them against the wall beside the door. She enters the kitchen on her toes and puts the bags in her arms down on the counter. Maddy unloads the groceries first. She does so quietly and efficiently while thinking about what she'll make for dinner tonight. Maybe pasta, she thinks as she puts the apples and oranges into the fruit drawer. Maybe salmon steaks. She finishes putting the groceries away and then brings the new clothes for Solomon and Archer to the table in the dining room. She peers into the living room as she takes the pants and shirts and socks and underwear out of the bag. Solomon is lying down on the sofa in the robe she left for him. His arms are folded behind his head and he looks clean and comfortable. Archer, on the other hand, is still dressed in the same clothes he's been wearing for the past couple days. He's lying back awkwardly against the bookshelf and she wonders what he's doing back there. She strolls over to him and notices the album in his lap. She smiles. She kneels down beside him and lifts his hand just enough to slide the book off his lap. She closes it and puts it back in its place on the shelf before turning her gaze back to Archer's dormant face. She cups his cheek gently to adjust his head. His glassy eyes open slowly and he looks at her. He makes no effort to move his cheek away from her palm. \"You're back,\" he says. His voice is raspy. \"I just got back in now.\" Archer nods. \"Did you like what you saw?\" Archer's brow cocks. \"My albums.\" \"Oh.\" Another nod. \"Ja, Miss Bowen, you take nice photographs.\" \"Thank you, Mister Archer,\" she smirks. Archer lifts his hand to put over Maddy's. Her knuckles feel soft against the palm of his hand. Maddy smiles a bit as she moves closer to him. Archer allows the gesture as he pushes himself to sit up straighter against the bookshelf. \"You haven't showered yet.\" He shakes his head. \"I bought you clothes to change into,\" she says. She rubs her thumb over his cheek. \"Jeans and t-shirts, nothing too American.\" He cracks a smile that lasts only a few seconds. His attention falls onto the cut on her cheek, the cut that he gave her earlier. He's filled with guilt all over again and suddenly Maddy's hand feels like it's burning a hole in his face. He drops his hand from hers and goes to stand up, but Maddy is quick to hold him down by his shoulder. His eyes are met with hers when he looks at her. \"What?\" \"Look what I did to your face, Maddy.\" \"I know what you did.\" \"Have you seen what I did?\" He asks her. \"Have you looked in a mirror today, Maddy?\" \"Yes I have, and I told you, it was an accident.\" Archer kisses the back of his teeth. \"Ja ja, everything bad is an accident to you, Maddy.\" \"Archer.\" \"I'm a soldier, Miss Bowen. I'm what you Americans would call a brute,\" he says as he rolls his hand next to his ear. \"I have no business being taken care of like this.\" \"You're more than that,\" Maddy shakes her head. \"What do you see in me, huh?\" He demands, his eyes narrowing. \"Do you think I'm expecting something from you for taking care of you?\" She asks him. That's exactly what Archer thinks. He has never been on the receiving end of pure benevolence before, he's only used to receiving kindness in exchange for something else. Diamonds, money, a gun. He shrugs her hand from his shoulder as he stands up. He straightens his dirty shirt and watches as Maddy stands up next to him. \"I'm not helping you and Solomon because I want something from you,\" she tells him in a low voice. \"I'm helping because I want to help, because it's the right thing to do.\" \"Ja, the right thing to do,\" he jeers as he stands. \"Archer.\" \"It was a mistake for me to come here, a'right?\" \"Archer!\" Archer is startled at Maddy's tone — he's never heard her raise her voice before. He snaps his mouth shut and his brows pinch together as he stares Maddy down. She lets out an exasperated sigh before running her hand through her hair. \"Listen to me for a second, please, Archer.\" He raises his brows expectantly. \"I am listening, Miss Bowen.\" \"Don't mock me.\" \"I'm not mocking you.\" \"I know when I'm being mocked and right now, I'm being mocked.\" Archer smirks and shakes his head. \"You know what, Archer, if you want to leave, I'm not going to stop you.\" Maddy throws her hands up as she takes a few steps back from him. She motions to the front of her apartment and lifts her head to wait for a response from Archer, who is standing stone stiff in front of her. Solomon has roused as well and he's sitting up on the sofa looking at the two argue. Archer glances at Solomon. Solomon raises his shoulders. Archer looks back at Maddy. Maddy lifts her hands. \"Go on, Archer. Go if you want to go.\"[Chapter 11] Eleven \"Dinner was good, huh.\" Archer rests his hip against the counter near the sink where Maddy is washing dishes. He folds his arms over his chest and tilts his head completely to the side in an attempt to catch Maddy's gaze. Her eyes are downcast on the soapy water her arms are elbow-deep in. Archer can hear the dishes floating against each other and against the sides of the sink. \"I'm glad you liked it,\" she says. He nods. \"Ja, ja, for a journalist, you're not too bad of a cook.\" Archer catches a glint of a smile race across her thin lips. He gnaws on the inside corner of his lips as Maddy turns the tap on. She rinses three round plates under the warm flow of water and Archer grabs a dry dish cloth from the counter. \"I'll dry them,\" he offers, holding his hand out. Maddy doesn't look at him when she hands him the plates. \"Where do they go, huh?\" \"In the cupboard above the toaster.\" Archer nods. He goes to open the cupboard before beginning to dry the plates. Maddy is very meticulous about her dishes, he notices. They're all arranged by size. Dinner plates, snack plates, dessert plates, and then bowls. She only has six of each and Archer assumes she isn't used to having much company. Maddy turns the tap off and Archer looks over his shoulder at her. She's drying the silverware and cups. \"Where do the cups go?\" Archer approaches the counter and picks the three clear glass objects up. \"In the cupboard to the right of the toaster.\" Archer nods and goes to put them away. He leans the small of his back against the edge of the counter when he closes the cupboard to look at her. She tilts her head from side to side and she dries each fork and knife individually. She puts each piece down to the side before taking a new one up in her cloth. Archer rings his fingers as he watches her. Maddy turns around to put the cutlery in the drawers and she's surprised to be met by Archer's intense stare. His mouth is in a line across his face and his eyes look black in the dimly lit kitchen. \"I've got these,\" she says as she approaches the drawer. She puts the forks down in their place before putting the knives in. \"You can go watch television with Solomon, you know.\" \"I do know, ja,\" he nods. \"I don't want to.\" \"What do you want to do?\" \"Well I just helped you with the dishes.\" \"Yes you did, thank you.\" He waves a dismissive hand in the air in front of his chest. \"Now we're done the dishes.\" \"Ja, I would say so.\" \"What do you want, Archer?\" Maddy is too tired and too frustrated for Archer's cryptic games. She's been off her keel since arguing with Archer earlier and the only thing she wants now is to lie down and sleep for the next twelve hours. They've already discussed the sleeping arrangements for the night — Archer and Solomon are to share her bed and she will sleep on the sofa. Both men protested that plan, but Maddy insisted that the couch was perfectly comfortable and that the bed was meant for two people, so her sleeping in it alone while the two men squeezed onto the sofa would be ridiculous. \"I want you thank you for dinner,\" he tells her in a low voice. \"You're welcome.\" \"And for everything else, Maddy.\" \"You're welcome,\" she repeats, this time with a slight bow of her head. \"It's fine, really, you don't have to thank me every time I do something. It's fine.\" She turns and leaves the kitchen to join Solomon on the sofa. He's watching CNN. He looks to Maddy to ask about why the happenings in Sierra Leone aren't being covered on the news and she explains the media and society and what society expects out of the media. Meanwhile, Archer is seething in the kitchen. He grits his teeth and clenches his fists and rolls his shoulders back. He doesn't move for several minutes, and when he does, he's rigid. \"I need a smoke, huh,\" he barks. Maddy looks at him. \"The window above the reading table pushes open,\" she motions towards the table and stools in the corner of her apartment. \"You can smoke there.\" Archer marches over as he pulls his crumpled up packet of cigarettes from the pocket of his french jeans. He shakes the pack and pulls a smoke out with his lips before pulling the lighter out. He holds the flame up to the tip and inhales until it lights. He expels two thick columns of smoke from his nose as he pushes the window open. He drops himself into a stool and rests his elbow on the window sill. He smokes his way quickly through three cigarettes before he realizes the pack is empty. He crumples up the cardboard packet with annoyance and frustration. He winds up to throw it off to the side, but he remembers where he is, and instead, he shoves it back into his pocket. He enjoys the last few puffs of his third cigarette more steadily. He flicks the butt out the window. When he stands, he notices the television is off. Solomon is walking towards Maddy's bed and Maddy is spreading a blanket on the sofa. He glances at Solomon as he approaches Maddy in the living room. \"I need cigarettes, huh.\" \"Do you smoke in your sleep?\" He narrows his eyes and shakes his head. \"I finished my last one.\" \"We'll go to the corner store tomorrow and buy you a new pack in the morning.\" \"And what if I want a cigarette right now?\" \"Then you're out of luck, Archer. It's almost ten o'clock. Solomon is tired, I'm tired, and you should be tired too.\" He shakes his head. \"I'm not tired.\" \"Then just go lie down and rest.\" Another shake. \"Archer, please,\" she says urgently, holding her hand up. \"I am exhausted, too exhausted to be having this conversation. Go lie down, sleep will come to you quickly. My bed is comfortable.\" \"Ja, and I suppose this couch will be comfortable for you,\" he scoffs. \"It will suffice, yes.\" Archer shakes his head as he turns on his heel to walk to the back of the apartment to Maddy's bed. Solomon is sleeping on the far right side and there is plenty of space for Archer. He lowers himself onto the low bed slowly and lies on his back with one arm folded under his head and the other resting over his stomach. He listens to Maddy rustling around in the living room for a few minutes before the apartment is overwhelmed by a piercing silence. No gunfire. No bombs. No loud music. No rustling leaves. No animals. No insects buzzing by his ears. His heart nearly explodes in his chest as the silence takes hold of him. He doesn't like the quiet. He stirs restlessly in the bed for several hours while Solomon snores quietly beside him. He is out like a light, but Archer is more wide awake now than he's ever been in his entire life. He gets out of bed the moment he feels a sweat coming on. He pulls his shirt off and drops it by his feet. The cool air in her apartment is a welcome relief against his bare torso. He goes to pull his pack of cigarettes from his pocket, but he quickly remembers he has none left and he kisses the back of his teeth in frustration. He looks around. The only light in the space is coming from the dim glow from the city outside the windows. Cars, street lamps, traffic lights. He stares out the window for a few minutes before wandering into the living room. Maddy is dead asleep on the sofa wrapped completely in the blanket. She's lying on her side with her knees pulled close to her chest. She looks tiny. Archer smiles. He walks around to the front of the couch and sits down with his back against the armrest Maddy's head is close to. He can feel her exhales graze the back of his shoulder and the sensation feels completely foreign to him. He learns that Maddy doesn't snore. Or drool. Or move around much. She's still and quiet, like a doll. He looks at her from over his shoulder after a few minutes and he nearly jumps out of his skin when he notices her eyes are open. He turns his body completely to face her. \"What are you doing here, Archer?\" She asks him in a sleepy voice. \"Can't sleep, huh.\" \"I told you to go lie down.\" \"I don't want to lie down beside Solomon.\" \"And I suppose sitting on the floor in front of me is more comfortable?\" A brief pause swells in the air between them. Archer's eyes flicker over her face but Maddy doesn't move. She's still holding the blanket closed tight against her chest on her side. Archer licks his lips and nods. Maddy pushes herself up on her elbow. Archer watches her move, not quite sure of how she's going to react. Instead of shooing him back to bed, she moves closer to the edge of the sofa and holds the blanket open. \"See if you can get in back there,\" she tells him tiredly. Archer gets up and takes the blanket's edge from Maddy's hand to hold it open more. He manages to get over Maddy to lie down behind her and he's reminded of how wafer thin she is when he settles behind her. He drapes his arm over her and makes sure she's covered. She clutches the blanket to her chest again. \"Better?\" she asks him. Archer nods. \"Go to sleep.\" Archer closes his eyes for a few minutes before opening them again. He has a feeling that he won't sleep at all tonight. He lets out a silent sigh. He puts his hand on the back of Maddy's shoulder and moves it slowly and gently down her bicep to the bend in her arm to her wrist to rest on the back of her clenched hand. She's holding onto the blanket like her life depends on it and the tension in her knuckles nearly makes him laugh. He brushes the tips of his fingers between the grooves of her knuckles until he feels her loosen her grip on the blanket. Archer slides his fingers between hers to lace them together. Maddy presses herself into him and Archer accepts the gesture by lowering his lips to the nape of her neck.[Chapter 12] Twelve Like an innate reflex, Archer's eyes open when he feels sunlight on his body. He licks his lips and swallows as he realizes Maddy is still up against him. Wrapping his arms around the mass under the blankets, he quickly becomes aware of the fact that the Maddy he feels against him is just a row of pillows. He snaps to an upright position and scans the apartment. Solomon is still asleep in Maddy's bed. The sun is just beginning to filter in through the apartment windows. Maddy is nowhere in sight. He shoves the blankets and pillows away from him as he gets up and stretches his arms over his head. His back feels stiff from sleeping an entire night on his side. He spots a pack of cigarettes on the edge of the counter in the kitchen and he pounces on it like a lion would on fresh meat. He rips the pack open with a precise bite and pulls a cigarette out with his teeth. He pulls his lighter from his pocket and inhales until he feels the hot nicotine caress the back of his throat. He sucks in another deep drag as he rubs the side of his face. Archer hears movement in the bathroom. His first instinct is to reach for his holster, but he reminds himself that he is in Maddy's apartment in New York and that the rummaging he hears is probably Maddy. Still, his muscles tighten and his fists clench. He approaches the bathroom door just as it opens and he bites down hard on the filter of his cigarette. Maddy rounds the corner and looks up at Archer. Her face is dewy and pink and her eyes are as clear as glass. Even the gash on her cheek looks clean. \"Good morning,\" she greets him with a small laugh. Every muscle in Archer's body loosens and he pulls his cigarette from his lips as he breathes out an audible sigh of relief. \"At ease soldier,\" she teases. Her smile doesn't falter for a moment. \"My name is Maddy Bowen, I own this apartment.\" \"Ja ja, I know who you are,\" he grins. Maddy smirks and licks her wet lips. \"What were you doing in there, huh?\" \"Well first, I did laundry. Then I showered and put on some clean clothes to go about my day in.\" He nods. \"What are you doing awake so early?\" \"I should be asking you the same question, huh,\" he scoffs. \"I asked you first, Archer.\" \"The sun is up,\" he cocks his head towards the windows. \"I see you found the cigarettes I bought you.\" He looks down at the offending object pinched between his fingers and nods. \"Are they okay? I don't know what you smoke.\" \"A cigarette is a cigarette.\" \"I'm going to start on breakfast,\" she tells him as she walks by him. Archer follows Maddy into the kitchen. He leans over on the counter, his elbows pressed against the cool granite. Maddy puts a small bowl in front of him. \"What's this for?\" \"Your ashes.\" \"Huh.\" He flicks the end of his cigarette into the bowl. \"How did you sleep last night?\" \"Fine.\" \"I slept well too, thanks for asking.\" Archer laughs and raises his eyebrows. \"I was getting around to it.\" \"Of course you were.\" \"I was, Maddy,\" he tells her adamantly. \"Is Solomon still asleep?\" \"I think he might be dead, actually.\" \"Archer,\" Maddy hisses, looking at him with furrowed brows. He raises his shoulders. \"What do you want for breakfast?\" \"What can you cook?\" \"I'm quite proficient in the kitchen.\" \"How about a coffee?\" \"I can make that happen.\" Maddy grinds the beans and fills the espresso maker with her back to Archer. His eyes don't leave her frame as she works and he watches the way her shoulder blades move underneath her t-shirt, the way they poke out and roll as she lifts her arms and moves her hands. Solomon rouses to the sound of her grinding the beans and he gets out of bed to walk over to the counter where Archer is leaning. He greets the man with a nod. \"Good morning, Mister Archer.\" Maddy hears his smooth voice and she turns around with a bright smile on her face. \"Good morning, Solomon!\" Solomon bows his head. \"Miss Bowen.\" \"How did you sleep last night?\" \"Very well, thank you,\" he says courteously. \"I had a lot of space when Mister Archer got out of bed.\" \"Ja, ja,\" Archer nods as he stubs his cigarette out in the bowl. He licks his bottom lip before jutting his jaw out. \"What would you like for breakfast this morning, Solomon?\" He opens his mouth to answer but Archer holds his hand up. \"How about an omelet, huh Maddy?\" \"I can make omelets,\" she nods, looking to Solomon, who nods as well. \"Two omelets, then.\" Maddy turns back around to get her frying pan and the eggs and butter from the fridge. While she begins taking care of breakfast, Solomon moves closer to Archer and lowers his head to speak. \"Mister Archer, what is omelet?\" Archer lets out a low grunt of a chuckle. \"It's eggs, bru.\"[Chapter 13] Thirteen \"What are you doing, Maddy?\" \"Typing out the final draft of my story.\" \"About Africa?\" She nods. \"About me?\" Maddy looks up from her laptop screen at Archer, who's standing in front of her with his arms folded tightly across his chest. His brows are tense and his mouth is tight in a line across his face. Maddy nods again. \"You know I'm as good as dead when that story goes out, huh.\" \"You're not in Africa anymore, you're out of danger.\" He scoffs. \"You are so naive, Miss Bowen.\" \"I'm not naive, Archer. You're in my apartment in Manhattan, they're not going to find you here. They can't.\" \"You don't know what men are capable of when they're out for blood, Maddy.\" She dismisses his concern with a cool wave of her hand. \"You're just being paranoid.\" Archer raises his shoulders and kisses the back of his teeth. Maddy looks back down at her screen and then at her notebook before continuing to type. Archer appreciates her optimism. He walks around the table and picks up a stool. He pushes it against the back of Maddy's stool and she stops typing. Her fingers hover over the keys as Archer lowers himself onto the seat behind her. She feels the sides of his legs on the outside of hers, his hands on her hips under her shirt. \"Archer.\" \"Ja, Maddy?\" \"What are you doing?\" \"Huh,\" she can hear the smile in his little grunt. \"You don't know?\" \"No, I don't,\" she says. She straightens her back and puts her hands on her thighs. He kisses the back of his teeth again, but this time the sound is loose and assuring and Maddy closes her eyes. The pads of his thumbs feel rough against the skin of her back and she makes a conscious effort to suppress a shudder when he presses them into the dimples on either side of her spine. \"Relax, huh,\" Archer breaths into the back of her neck. She can feel his lips on her now. \"You Americans are wound far too tight, huh.\" \"I'm trying to work here, Archer.\" \"Ja, Maddy, so am I.\" Archer drags his rough thumbs up the soft bumps of Maddy's spine. Her skin is warm and smooth and it reminds him of the red sand back home. He feels the fabric of her bra and grins. Maddy lets out a sharp hiss when she feels a blade pressing into her back. She hears a snap and becomes very aware of how loose her bra has become. \"Archer!\" \"Ja, ja, Maddy, I'll get you a new one,\" he says as he pockets his switchblade. \"I can't be dealing with those little clasps, huh.\" \"Archer,\" she sighs. \"Where's Solomon?\" \"What, huh, you want him to join in?\" \"No,\" she turns her head just enough to see his face. His eyes are dark and shiny and his brows are creased. His mouth his half open with expectancy. His tongue raises to the back of his teeth before he licks his bottom lip. \"Where is he?\" \"He's in the shower, Maddy.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"He could be standing right behind me and I wouldn't care,\" he growls. \"I would!\" Maddy shrugs Archer off and pushes his leg out of the way so she can stand. She shuts her laptop and it closes with a sharp click as she scans the interior of her apartment. Solomon is nowhere in sight. She hears the sound of the shower going in the bathroom and she turns her attention back to Archer, who is still sitting with a smug grin plastered on his face. He raises his head. \"Huh?\" \"So he is in the shower.\" Archer nods. He stands and approaches Maddy, who steps back until she's backed herself into her bookshelf. Her heart slams against her ribs when Archer's arm encircles her waist. He pulls her shirt over her head with ease before pulling her cut bra off. Both articles fall to the floor by their feet. Maddy holds her breath. Archer grins. She's just as wafer thin without a shirt on as he imagined her to be. She's flat and almost boyish, but he likes what he sees. Maddy tries to gauge his face for a reaction, but he's stone sober as his eyes take in every inch of her naked torso. He lowers his head and nudges her jawline with his nose. Her eyes close and her head tilts and Archer presses his lips to the soft of her neck. His lips are just as rough as his fingers and the way his stubble scratches her skin makes her insides tremble. His hands latch onto the bends in her arms and he slides them down to her wrists. He lifts her hands and puts them on his shoulders without breaking contact with her neck. Maddy laces her fingers together behind Archer's neck. His hands are on her hips now. The sides of her ribs. Groping her chest. Flicking over her nipples. Pulling her closer. He grunts against her throat before sinking his teeth into her. Maddy groans. Archer makes quick work of their jeans before bending over slightly to pick Maddy up. She wraps her legs around his waist and rolls her hips against his as he presses her back completely against the shelf. With one hand under her thigh and another on the wooden column by Maddy's shoulder to brace himself, he kisses her neck more aggressively. Maddy can barely catch her breath as she grabs his face to pull it back so she can look at him. \"What?\" he breathes. \"I like to get kissed before I get fucked.\"[Chapter 14] Fourteen Solomon exits the bathroom in a fresh pair of pants and shirt none the wiser to what Maddy and Archer have just finished doing. Archer is sitting on the sofa with a cigarette perched between his lips and Maddy is hunched over her laptop typing away. He looks at Archer, who greets him with a nod and a smile that seems just a little bit too smug for his own good. \"Right, Solomon,\" he says as he expels a thick column of smoke from his mouth. \"Hello Mister Archer.\" Maddy turns around. \"Solomon, are you hungry?\" He shakes his head courteously. \"I have to go out in a few minutes anyways, I was thinking of bringing home sandwiches from the bistro around the corner.\" She turns in her stool and rests her hands in her lap. \"You'll be hungry in an hour or so, won't you?\" \"Yes, Miss Bowen.\" \"Where are you going, huh?\" Archer barks. \"I have to drop off my film rolls to be developed.\" \"When are you going?\" \"As soon as I finish typing this up.\" \"You're not going on your own.\" Archer stands from the sofa and tosses the remote to the television towards Solomon, who reacts quickly and catches it. Solomon goes to sit on the sofa while Archer walks to the back of the apartment to stand over Maddy. He takes in a sharp inhale of nicotine. \"You're not going on your own,\" he repeats. \"I've gone plenty of times before.\" \"Well today, you won't be going on your own, a'right?\" \"If you want a tour of the city, just ask.\" Archer shakes his head. \"I could care less for this city, huh.\" \"So?\" He narrows his eyes before raising his brows. \"What, do you want to come with me so you can buy me a new bra?\" He cracks a half smile. He shakes his head. \"Go watch TV with Solomon. You can come with me if you want, I won't stop you.\" He turns and walks back to the sofa and Maddy turns her attention back to her notebook. She makes quick work of finishing typing and she saves the document before closing her laptop. Archer hears the sound and looks over his shoulder at her. She rises from her seat and picks her book up, turning a few pages before shutting it and putting it down over her laptop. \"Are you going now?\" Solomon looks at Archer. \"Going where?\" \"I'm going to bring in my film rolls to be developed,\" she answers, approaching the sofa. \"Would you like to come?\" Solomon shakes his head. \"No thank you, I would prefer to stay here.\" \"Right, good man,\" Archer tells him. \"Archer,\" Maddy sighs. \"Did you tell him to say no if I asked?\" \"No, Miss Bowen,\" Solomon assures her. \"I do not want to go. It is clear Mister Archer would like to go with you alone.\" \"Don't you want to see the city today, Solomon? It's so beautiful out!\" \"Another time,\" he tells her. She nods. \"All right, if you're going to stay in, then make yourself at home. There are snacks in the kitchen if you get hungry, but I'll bring home something for lunch. If the phone rings, answer it, because it's most likely news about your family.\" Solomon smiles appreciatively. Archer stands and walks around to the back of the couch to stand behind Maddy as Solomon expresses his gratitude towards her. Maddy is modest in accepting his thanks. When she turns around to get her bag from the corner of her apartment, she's met with Archer's hungry blue eyes. He scans the face of the journalist he ravished earlier and grins. \"What?\" Maddy asks, pushing past him. She plucks her bag up off the floor and goes to the door. She presses the button of the elevator as she puts her shoes on. Archer follows. He shoves his feet into his boots and stands beside her. \"Nothing.\" \"Were you just looking?\" Maddy asks. Her gaze is straight forward. He nods. \"Just looking to look, right?\" \"That's right, Miss Bowen.\" Maddy can hear the grin in his voice and she sees red. The elevator doors part and the two step in. Maddy tells Solomon they'll be back soon as the doors close. She turns to Archer, who's focus is on his boots now. \"I want to make one thing clear, Archer,\" she says. Archer cocks his brow. \"Ja, go on.\" \"I'm not your own personal piece of meat.\" \"Woah, Miss Bowen,\" he looks up at her and chuckles. Her face is serious. \"What are you talking about, huh?\" \"Don't treat me like I'm stupid, Archer, I know that look on your face, I've seen it on the faces of many men before.\" \"Have you had many lovers before me, Miss Bowen?\" \"That's none of your concern, Archer.\" \"What look then, huh?\" \"That self-satisfied look on your face,\" she responds, shaking her head. \"I don't like it. You're acting like you own me. Before I couldn't get you to lighten up and now you're eyeballing me like you own my body.\" \"Huh,\" he scoffs. \"Maddy.\" He wraps his fingers around her bicep but she's quick to pull her arm away. She's an intensely independent person and she feels that Archer's face full of self-congratulation when he looks at her is a threat to that independence. Maddy doesn't like to feel threatened. She's beginning to think that surrendering herself to him and giving into that morning's surge of desire was a mistake. She doesn't know how Archer works. What if he took that moment of pleasure as the beginning of an ownership? Maddy has no idea, and not having an idea scared her. Sex in America wasn't a resignation of autonomy to a lover, but maybe Archer interpreted it as such. He liked having control as much as she did. She tucks a loose tuft of hair behind her ear and steps out of the elevator first. Archer's face is phlegmatic as he follows one pace behind her. Whatever remnants of that morning's euphoria he had in his bloodstream have disappeared completely and he feels like his usual grim self again. \"I wasn't looking at you like I owned you, huh,\" he growls, lowering his head to speak at a level just loud enough for Maddy to hear. \"Yes you were, Archer, I saw it in your face.\" \"Can you see what I'm thinking from my face?\" \"I'm a photographer, it's my jo—\" \"You said you were a journalist,\" he grabs her bicep hard. They stop walking in the middle of the sidewalk and they interrupt the flow of people behind them. New Yorkers mumble under their breath as they circle around to continue walking. Maddy goes to pull her arm free, but Archer's grip is solid. \"First you tell me to lighten up, huh, to let you in,\" Archer hisses at her. Maddy opens her mouth to interrupt him before he continues. \"You didn't let me in, you cut my bra off and fucked me against my bookshelf,\" she spits. \"You haven't let me in at all.\" Archer's eyes narrow. \"I can't fucking believe this,\" he snarls. \"Get down from your high horse, Miss Bowen, and open your goddamn eyes. I saw that you wanted it. We both wanted it.\" \"It was a mistake,\" she snaps. Archer releases her arm. He bites down on his bottom lip and Maddy sees blood forming around his white teeth. He throws his hand up to the side of his head dismissively and shakes his head with a sharp click of his tongue. \"Go develop your fucking film on your own, huh, I can't be bothered with you.\"[Chapter 15] Fifteen Archer enters the lobby of the apartment building and the security guard behind the desk looks up at him curiously. He notices his destination is the elevators and he speaks up professionally. \"Excuse me, sir,\" the man says. Archer cocks his head up and looks at him. \"You won't be able to get back up to the apartment without a card.\" \"Huh,\" he grunts. \"I don't have a fucking card, a'right, so you'll just have to buzz me up.\" \"Sir,\" the man says patiently. \"You need a card.\" \"I'm staying with Maddy Bowen, huh,\" he approaches the desk and drills his finger down against the granite top. \"I walked her out a second ago, you saw us, ja?\" The man nods. Archer lifts his hands and scoffs sardonically. \"A'right, bru, I don't see an issue.\" \"I'll have to escort you up.\" Archer nods. The man walks out from behind the desk and they ride the elevator up together in tense silence. Archer makes no effort to thank or even acknowledge him when the elevator doors open to Maddy's apartment. He just steps out and storms over to the sofa, dropping himself down like dead weight. \"Mister Archer, you are back so soon?\" Archer nods. \"Where is Miss Bowen?\" \"Developing her film.\" \"Why are you back here without her?\" \"Why are you asking so many fucking questions, bru?\" Solomon withdraws into himself apologetically. The two men watch television together for an hour before Archer takes up his usual chain smoking by the window. He leans against the cool glass and looks down at the city as though searching for Maddy among the crowd on the streets below. She's long gone, he thinks. She walks quickly when she has somewhere to be. He smokes his first cigarette to the filter and nearly singes his lips. He flicks the butt out of the window and lights another. His palms are sweating. His heart is racing. His temples are throbbing. He feels the same way he felt when he punched Maddy by accident in the plane. Guilty. In the wrong. He draws in a deep, slow inhale and holds his breath for a moment before expelling smoke from his nostrils. Archer realizes that he really has offended Maddy. She is usually even-tempered and for her to snap at him the way she did earlier meant that he must have really set her off. He replays her comments to him about the way he looked at her over and over again, and try as he might, he can't see how he was in the wrong. Solomon's focus is on the television. He's watching a program about fish in the tropics. He has never seen anything more captivating than a group of bright sea creatures swimming in unison. The only fish he has ever seen were the ones in the nets he used to pull in Sierra Leone to make a living. Those fish were dull and lifeless. These were brightly colored and full of energy. He was hypnotized. Archer lights his third cigarette. He is still thinking about Maddy and about how she became his problem ever since she decided not to board the plane. When she followed them into the brush, Maddy was his priority. Maddy was his. He was the one holding the wheel in Africa, he had his foot on the gas. Now, in New York, Maddy could take care of herself. She didn't need Archer, Archer needed her. He didn't like needing someone just as much as Maddy didn't like it. They were identical while being on opposite ends of the spectrum. He sighs and rubs the back of his neck after flicking his cigarette butt out the window. He folds his arms across his chest and decides that he needs to get back to Sierra Leone. Without Maddy and her optimism chirping at his side, his mind is free to wander back to the streets he pushed diamonds on, to the bushes he trekked through to go from city to city for rocks. He pats his pockets and feels the diamonds he has on him now. They are not enough anymore. A big pink and a small pull-sack of tiny diamonds are no longer enough for Danny Archer. He needs more. He abandons his smoking post near the window and goes back to the couch. He is unimpressed with the fish on the screen. He puts his head back and closes his eyes, willing himself to sleep. He knows what he's going to do now to get back to Africa. He'll sell a few small stones through Maddy's contact and get just enough money for a plane ticket and a few meals back home. Then he would be gone and out of Maddy's life so that she didn't have to worry about being his piece of meat anymore.[Chapter 16] Sixteen Archer storming away from her to retreat back into the apartment building sours Maddy's mood further, but she reminds herself of who instigated the argument and that she has more important things to worry about today. She has places to be and people to talk to, she can't let a silly fallout with Archer ruin her entire day. She takes in an even breath and continues down the sidewalk as if nothing happened and makes the most of her day out. Before doing anything, she walks several blocks to drop her film rolls off at the developer's office. The familiar space makes her heart swell. She has trusted this studio with her photographs since she moved to her apartment almost fifteen years ago and she still feels the same happiness walking in now as she did when she first entered the place. They greet her by name and process her order without asking her the details — they know exactly how she prefers her photos to be developed and they go through the process impeccably. Maddy pays before she leaves, and from there, she walks another few blocks to Vital Affairs Magazine's head office. Upon entering, her colleagues greet her with textbook niceties and express little interest in regards to the cut on her cheek. In their line of work, it's not uncommon for journalists and photographers to come back a little worse for wear, so it's become an unspoken rule of sorts to not point out injuries unless the injured points them out first. Maddy acts as though the gash on her cheek is nonexistent and everyone else follows suit. The group exchanges a few textbook niceties before Maddy enters the office of her editor, Richard. They discuss her article on Sierra Leone. Maddy gives Richard the full breakdown of what happened and what she was going to write about. He's pleased to hear her enthusiasm and even more pleased when she tells him she will be able to produce the completed piece within the next few days. \"I thought you'd be down there for at least another couple weeks,\" Richard tells her as he twists a paperclip out of shape between his thick fingers. \"I had intended on that,\" she nods, touching her knee. She laughs dryly. \"But I got shot… a small part in a series of very, very unfortunate events.\" \"You probably would have stayed if you had your way,\" he smirks and nods. Maddy has worked through worse, he knows. \"There were reports of elevated violence where you were, you had the office worried for a little while.\" \"It'll take more than elevated violence to hold me back from getting my story, Richard.\" \"That's why you're the best writer VA has.\" Maddy accepts the compliment with a modest nod. They discuss her article for almost an hour before she leaves the office. She's glad that she was able to speak to Richard, and for the first time since meeting Archer, she feels like she's spinning back on her own axle again. She makes her way back across the city to her block and decided to pick up a few more articles of clothing for Archer and Solomon. A few shirts, jeans, socks, and more underwear. She pays with her credit card and then heads to the bistro to pick up three sandwiches for lunch. She's starving now and she's sure the boys are too. She enters her apartment to the sound of the sombre narration of a wildlife documentary. Solomon's eyes were fixed on the television, but when he became aware of Maddy entering, he stood up and nodded to her. \"Enjoying the National Geographic channel, Solomon?\" she smiles at him. \"Yes, Miss Bowen,\" he replies. \"It is almost like I am there in the ocean with these creatures. I have never seen anything like it.\" \"The ocean is beautiful,\" she says as she walks into the kitchen. She puts the bag of food down on the counter before setting the clothes down on the table. \"I brought lunch.\" Solomon turns the television off approaches the counter to sit down on one of the stools. \"Roast beef sandwiches with fries,\" Maddy pulls the three take out containers from the bag. \"They're delicious.\" She slides Solomon's across the counter and he opens the styrofoam box almost cautiously. The aromatic cloud of roast beef steam that puffs into his face makes his mouth water. He has never smelled anything quite this delicious before. Maddy watches him eagerly as he takes his first bite. \"Good?\" \"Yes, Miss Bowen,\" he nods after chewing and swallowing. \"It is very good, thank you.\" She grins, content over the fact that he likes the sandwich. \"Where's Archer?\" Solomon motions towards the window by her reading nook. Archer is leaning against the window frame with every ounce of his attention focused on the happenings of the city down below. Maddy sucks her lips in and dips the tips of her fingers into the back pockets of her jeans. She strolls over to Archer, looking him up and down as she heads over. He doesn't do so much as breathe in her direction when she stands in front of him. He's too busy staring out the window and gnawing on his fingernails. \"I brought lunch back.\" \"Ja,\" he scoffs. \"I saw.\" \"Are you going to come sit down and eat?\" \"Don't you think I would have walked over there when you came marching in if I wanted to eat?\" He turns to look at her only for a moment and Maddy sees how dark his eyes are. Maddy frowns. She feels guilty knowing she's the reason for his sudden relapse into closing himself off, but she meant everything she said to him earlier and she refused to apologize. She rings her fingers and looks at him. \"Are you going to stand here all day?\" \"What's the name of your contact?\" \"My what?\" She's thrown by the question. \"Your contact, huh,\" he repeats with annoyance. \"For my stones.\" \"Oh, yes,\" she nods slowly. \"His name is Anthony, I have his card in my diary.\" \"A'right,\" he juts his jaw out and raises his eyebrows. \"I'm gonna need that card.\" Maddy shakes her head. \"Maddy,\" Archer says threateningly. \"I'm only here because you promised me a legal sale, don't fuck with me now.\" She shakes her head again. \"I'm not going to give you his card just because you're intimidating me, Archer, I won't be bullied into anything in my own home.\" \"Huh,\" he scoffs. His hand shoots up near the side of his face in a dismissive wave as he walks past Maddy. \"Where are you going?\" \"Out.\" \"Out where?\" \"Out, huh,\" he growls. He sticks his feet into his boots and presses the button for the elevator. \"You know your way around the city?\" \"I survived in Africa,\" he spits. \"I think I can manage in New York City.\"[Chapter 17] Seventeen New York is nothing like London. The cities lie on opposite ends of the spectrum from each other. The people are different. The air is different. The buildings are different. Everything is different. Archer doesn't like the differences. As he strolls down the sidewalk with a cigarette perched between his lips, he decides that he much prefers London to New York and that New York is nothing more than a means to an end now, despite previously having been the end goal when he was in Africa. Things changed and now the city was nothing more than a stepping stone to find a real end. Archer doesn't know the streets and consequently has no destination in mind as he wanders around aimlessly. As far as he's concerned, he's just killing time. He buys a pack of cigarettes and smokes one every couple of hours as he walks with the flow of people. Up and down sidewalks, across streets, into shops, out of shops. While he doesn't like the city, he likes feeling like a nobody in it. He's anonymous here. No one knows he pushes stones, no one knows he's an ex-mercenary who has killed more people than he cares to remember. Archer likes the feeling, but not enough to want to stay in New York. He wants to leave as soon as possible, he needs to. His exit strategy is all he can think about. This place isn't like Sierra Leone, he doesn't know the ins and outs of New York the way he knows his home. There are no shops here for him to pop into to sell a diamond for a quick buck — that sort of business could get you arrested in America. More over, the fact that Archer doesn't know anyone in the stone industry here further turns him off the idea of finding his own contact. There are too many ways to make a mistake in New York and mistakes are something Archer has worked his whole life to avoid. He doesn't know who he can and can't trust and he refuses to play a that guessing game on foreign soil. He decides that unless Maddy gives him the card of her contact, he's going to have to call his own contact in Sierra Leone and make some sort of flight arrangement to get him out of America and back to Africa. Archer returns to the apartment well after the sun has gone down. It's dark and quiet and Maddy and Solomon are both asleep. Hearing their quiet snores in the dead silence of the apartment only make Archer realize how wide awake he feels. Solomon is asleep in the bed at the back of the apartment and Maddy is curled up in her cocoon of blankets on the sofa. Archer licks the nicotine off his lips as he bends over to remove his shoes. He puts them down on the cool wood silently and then makes his way across the apartment. He goes to sit in the corner at Maddy's reading nook. Her bag is on the table on top of her laptop and he wastes no time unzipping it and looking through it for the card of her diamond contact. Archer remembers the man's name — Anthony. He needs the card with Anthony's name on it. He rummages through the main pocket of her bag, pulling her notebooks out and leafing through them carefully. The pages are thick and smell strongly of ink and dirt. No card. He pulls another book and flips through it, and again, no card. He puts the books back into her bag and begins checking through the side pockets, but his frantic search is interrupted when he feels a hand on his shoulder. Instinctively, he raises his arm and spins around and grabs the hand on his shoulder, twisting it harshly. When he realizes it's just Maddy, she's on her knees yelping like an injured animal. \"Fucking christ, Maddy!\" He barks. He releases her wrist and she falls completely to the floor. Solomon rouses instantly and is on his feet in a matter of seconds. \"Miss Bowen, what is going on?\" \"Go back to sleep, Solomon,\" Archer answers. He kicks the stool out of the way and kneels down in front of Maddy, lifting her up by her shoulders. \"What were you thinking, huh?\" \"You almost broke my wrist, Archer,\" she hisses in a shrill whisper. She shrugs his hands off her and falls back onto her heels as she massages where he grabbed her. \"What's the matter with you?\" \"What's the matter with you!\" He retorts, narrowing his eyes ferociously. \"I've told you plenty of times not to sneak up on me! I could kill you!\" \"Mister Archer,\" Solomon says, approaching the pair. \"I said go back to sleep, huh!\" Archer stands quickly and storms over to Solomon, shoving him towards the bed. Solomon resists against Archer's push and stands his ground, and that simple gesture is enough to throw Archer into a fit of anger. More forcefully, he grabs Solomon's shoulders and throws him back. Solomon reaches for Archer's arm and the two men fall to the floor grappling each other. Maddy scrambles to her feet and rushes over to them. She has adrenaline pulsing through her and she's not thinking clearly. She grabs at Archer's arm and tries to pull him off, but her attempt is unsuccessful. Archer pounds down on Solomon with his fists and Maddy goes in again to try and grab his arm. He yanks it free from her hands and winds it back for a punch, but just like the incident in the plane, he connects with Maddy and she finds herself on the floor again. She feels a sharp sting on her cheek and she knows instantly that he's just re-opened her gash. When she brings her hand to her cheek, the warm blood she touches confirms her suspicion. Archer glances over his shoulder at her. His brows knit together seeing the distressed look on her face and Solomon takes the opportunity to punch Archer off him. Solomon rolls away from Archer and stands up quickly. His chest is pounding and he struggles to slow his breathing. \"Miss Bowen,\" he says, going to her side. \"Get away from her, Solomon!\" Archer pushes himself off the floor and walks over to her. When he extends his hand down to her, she turns away from him and picks herself off the floor. Archer hears her draw in a hiccuped breath and his stomach drops. \"Miss Bowen,\" Solomon says in a low voice. \"Let me help you.\" \"No I'm fine,\" she replies quickly, shaking her head. She starts in the direction of the bathroom. \"I'm fine, go back to sleep, Solomon.\" \"Miss Bo—\" \"I'm fine, really.\" \"Maddy,\" Archer's strides are wide and he puts his hand on the back of her shoulder. This time, Maddy is the one who is quick to turn around and swat his hand away. In the faint light of the apartment, he can see the shine beneath her eyes and the way her neck tenses with a choked back sob. He shakes his head apologetically and goes to open his mouth, but Maddy reaches into the pocket of her pajama pants and throws a small card at him. It falls to the floor by his feet as she storms off into the bathroom. The door slams and the lock clicks and Archer stands listening to the tap running. He bends over and picks the card up. He's both dismayed and pleased to see Anthony Peters written on it in thin black type. Under his name are two numbers and an address. This is the card he was looking for — Maddy had it all along. He feels even worse knowing she must have known to keep it on her instead of in her bag to avoid having it stolen. He slides it into his pocket and licks his lips. He can taste blood, but not enough to put him off. He makes his way to the bathroom and leans his forehead against the closed door. He knocks twice. \"Maddy,\" he says. The water from the tap stops. He hears her walk away from the door, presumably to get a towel. He listens to her light footsteps for a moment before the tap is turned on again. \"Maddy,\" he repeats. \"Maddy, let me in.\" Archer knocks twice more. He stands independent from the door and paces around in circles. The steady flow of the water in the sink is interrupted every few seconds when Maddy puts the corner of the towel under the tap. He goes back over to the door, and just before he knocks again, he hears the lock click open. He put his hand on the doorknob and twists it to push the door open slowly. Maddy is leaning over the counter with her face close to the mirror as she dabs her gash gently. The towel she's using is blotched with blood, and though the sight of blood is nothing new to Archer, it bothers him knowing it's Maddy's blood. He scans her face and notices her eyes — it's clear that she's been crying. Archer steps into the bathroom with his tail between his legs and closes the door behind him. He leans back on it as he chews on the insides of his cheeks. \"I've been to Bosnia and Afghanistan and Africa,\" she says thoughtfully, eyes fixed on her reflection in the mirror. Her voice is raspy with a mixture of sleep and distress. \"I've been in the middle of wars… and never, ever have I been injured on such a regular basis.\" Archers swallows. \"You have what you were looking for in my bag,\" she tells him. \"Maddy,\" her name falls out of his mouth saturated with guilt. \"Maddy, look at me for a second, huh.\" She doesn't respond. She just keeps dabbing the corner of the towel against her cut without so much as a flinch or a hiss. Maddy is just as stubborn as Archer is, he sees this now. He steps towards her and wraps one hand around her wrist and uses the other to take the towel from her. She does nothing to protest when he puts her hand down to her side. He lowers his head hoping to catch her gaze but she squeezes her eyes closed. He watches as her lashes thicken with tears. She hiccups in a strained inhale when she feels two big tears roll down her face. Archer swallows hard. He licks his lips and tastes the sharp coppery taste of his own blood. He reaches up to Maddy's cheek and gently brushes his thumb over the apple of her cheek. His pinky finger grazes the smooth line of her jaw as she chokes in a ragged inhale. She sniffles furiously and shakes her head away from his hand, but Archer's contact with her skin doesn't break. His fingers find their way to her chin and he tilts her head just slightly enough for him to bow his own head down to kiss the tender skin around her injury. The sharp smell of her blood makes the insides of his nostrils tingle. \"Maddy,\" he speaks quietly as his lips hover near her face. \"Open your eyes, huh?\" She shakes her head and sucks her lips in. Archer clenches his jaw and sighs. He drops his hand from her face to her shoulders. He turns her around so that her back is facing the mirror, and without warning, he lifts her up by her hips so that she's sitting on the counter. Maddy's eyes open in surprise and she catches Archer's glare. He averts his eyes quickly as he takes up the towel to hold under the tap as he twists the handle for hot water. He wets the towel and then brings it up to her cheek. \"Let me clean you up, huh.\"[Chapter 18] Eighteen Maddy wakes up in the middle of her own bed, and for a moment, she can't recall how she ended up there. She sits up and massages her temples gently as last night's happenings enter her mind. She replays the evening as though she's watching a tape being projected onto the backs of her eyelids. The fight between Solomon and Archer. The accidental punch from Archer. Storming into the bathroom. Archer circling around outside like a tiger waiting for its prey to come out of hiding. Letting Archer in. Archer cleaning her cheek. Archer embracing her. Archer putting her into bed. Archer being human. She opens her eyes and looks around her apartment. In the first rays of light of the morning, everything seems peaceful. She pushes the blankets off her legs as she swings them over the edge of the bed to get up. Her vision clouds for a moment and she closes her eyes until she regains her composure. She strolls into the kitchen and realizes that Solomon is awake and sitting watching the television on mute. \"Good morning,\" she smiles. \"Good morning, Miss Bowen,\" he replies. He leaves the sofa to sit at the stool in front of the counter. \"I hope Archer didn't cause you any harm last night, Solomon…\" Solomon shakes his head. \"He has caused you more harm than he caused me.\" Maddy nods lamely. \"Did you sleep on the sofa last night?\" \"Yes, Mister Archer put you into your bed where you belong.\" \"Where's Archer right now?\" There's a pause before Solomon opens his mouth to answer. It's not a particularly long or unusual pause, but its sheer existence after her question and before his response makes Maddy's stomach drop. She puts her palms flat on the cool countertop and looks at Solomon seriously. \"He went out.\" \"Where did he go, Solomon?\" Solomon raises his shoulders. \"He did not tell me when I asked him, Miss Bowen.\" \"Did he take anything with him?\" \"His diamonds, that is all.\" \"When did he leave?\" \"After he put you in your bed to sleep.\" Maddy lets out a lengthy exhale. \"He was very sorry for hurting you, Miss Bowen.\" Maddy swallows. \"He didn't mention anything about where he was going?\" Solomon shakes his head apologetically. She leaves her spot behind the counter to head to the elevator door. \"My fridge and pantry are full of food, Solomon,\" she says as she shoves her feet into her shoes, \"make yourself whatever you feel like having. I have to go find Archer.\" \"Miss Bowen,\" Solomon rises from his seat. \"Mister Archer told me to tell you not to go after him.\" \"Why not?\" Solomon is silent. \"So he went back to Africa, then?\" Solomon remains silent and that's all the answer she needs. She steps into the elevator with her heart in her throat and presses the button to the main floor impatiently. She doesn't look up at Solomon sitting by the counter as the elevator doors close. The elevator feels as though it's moving at a glacial pace and when the doors finally open into the lobby, Maddy practically sprints out. She isn't halfway across the lobby when she feels a strong hand grab her hand. She spins around, eyes blurry with frustration. \"Maddy!\" \"Richard!\" \"I just called up for you,\" he says to her, releasing her hand. \"What happened to your face? It looks like it got worse since I last saw you.\" \"These cuts get worse before they get better,\" she answers quickly. \"It looks a lot more serious than it is, it's almost healed.\" Richard nods as he looks her up and down curiously. \"I came by to ask if you had your story…I tried your cellphone earlier but there was no answer. I was hoping to get your article into this month's issue instead of next month's… you said the other day you had it pretty much done, so I figured you'd be all right with the early submission.\" Her article is the last thing she was expecting to talk about this morning and it takes her a moment to switch gears into her business state of mind. She runs her fingers through her hair and assumes the part of Maddy Bowen, Vital Affairs Journalist. \"Remind me when the deadline for this issue is?\" \"Nine tomorrow night,\" he tells her. \"The last Friday of the month, same as usual.\" She smiles and nods. \"Of course. I'll have it on your desk with the accompanying photographs tomorrow morning before you even get in to work.\" \"Perfect, that's exactly the answer I was hoping for this morning,\" he grins and nods, clearly pleased with her answer. \"I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time, you seemed to be in a rush.\" \"Oh no,\" she shakes her head. \"I was just on my way out for a walk.\" \"In your pajamas?\" She looks down at herself and then back up at Richard. \"It's laundry day today,\" she responds cooly. \"You know how it is sometimes.\" They share a polite laugh before Richard leaves. Maddy heads over to the concierge to ask if they know anything about Archer and his whereabouts. He tells her that he saw Archer leave late last night. Maddy's heart is pounding as he speaks. \"He smoked around outside the revolving door for almost an hour before security told him to leave… we have our no smoking policy, you see,\" he explains to Maddy, who just nods. \"He walked down the street and hailed down a cab.\" \"And that's it?\" \"Yes, that's it,\" the concierge says.[Chapter 19] Nineteen Archer has a sinking feeling when he steps off the plane and onto African soil. The dirt crunches under his boot and he draws the hot air deep into his lungs before lighting a cigarette. He adjusts his sunglasses and turns to his partner, the Egyptian named Ameni. \"Welcome home, Danny,\" he says after killing the engine. He hops out and around the plane to Archer. \"Ja, welcome home,\" Archer nods, blowing smoke out of his nostrils. \"How was your time in America?\" Ameni asks as he pulls a cigarette out of his own pocket. Archer waves his hand as though clearing dust from in front of his face. He'd rather not talk about his 'time in America'. It was uneventful and stressful and it was more of a waste than anything. Ameni takes his cue and falls silent as he sucks on his cigarette. The two men walk side by side until they reach rocks worth sitting on. Ameni lowers himself onto a flat one and looks up at Archer. \"What now, Danny?\" \"I need a buyer for my stones,\" he says. He looks at the ash of his cigarette before flicking it away. \"Do you still have the pink?\" \"Ja, ja, what do you think, Am?\" He looks at the man before kissing the back of his teeth with annoyance. \"I don't want a buyer for that one.\" \"You're not going to sell it?\" He shook his head. \"Not yet, bru.\" \"I have someone in Cape Town who might be interested in your diamonds, Danny.\" \"Cape Town?\" Ameni nods. \"Who is he, huh?\" \"He's got ties to Van de Kaap.\" \"He's a middle man, then.\" \"Of sorts, yes,\" Ameni nods again. \"He can get you a pretty penny for your rocks. He'll keep you anonymous, Danny\" \"What's his name?\" \"Max.\" \"Max, huh,\" Archer sucks in the last breath of nicotine from his cigarette before flicking the butt away. \"Never heard of him before.\" \"I've known him for a while, he's good for his word.\" \"I want to meet him, Am, arrange it for tonight.\" \"What happened to that journalist girl?\" Ameni asks as he nods. Archer looks at him. Ameni feels like Archer is about to pull a gun out to shoot him right in the head. \"Did she live?\" Archer nods. \"Is she still in America?\" \"If you were so interested in her, I would have left her your card,\" Archer says dryly. Ameni shakes his head. \"What about Solomon, the black man?\" \"He's in America waiting for his family,\" he says shortly. \"Are you done with the questions, Am? Christ, bru.\" \"Are you going back to your old apartment?\" He shakes his head as he marches down a dirt path down the side of the mountain. \"I'm going to find a new place, huh, keep your phone on.\"[Chapter 20] Twenty Maddy doesn't leave New York without seeing a few last tasks to their end. Before anything else, Maddy picks her photographs up from the developers and sorts through them to decide which ones she will have to accompany her story in the magazine. The chore takes up most of her morning. With the stack of chosen photos sitting neatly at the corner of her desk, she finishes typing up her story before brushing through it to edit and change anything that doesn't read right. While she's putting the last touches on her piece, the phone rings with news of the arrival of Solomon's family. The call couldn't have come at a better time. She arranges to meet them at the airport, and as soon as she hangs up, she informs Solomon of the news and they leave her apartment immediately. The affair in the airport terminal is an emotional one and Maddy was swelling with happiness for Solomon and his wife and his children. They remain in the airport for just under an hour before she sends them off in a cab to a hotel suite near her apartment. She tells them that she will put them up for as long as they require until they find a place of their own. Maddy has provided Solomon with all that he needs to find a job and a new home — funding and important contacts — so now, it's just a matter of time. He is grateful for her and he thanks her profusely before they part ways. Maddy's next order of business is to complete her story. She does so soon after she gets back to her apartment and then she wastes no time leaving again to head to Vital Affairs HQ. She meets up with Richard, who is pleased to see her before she promised him the story, and submits her piece. She then requests a month long leave of absence and Richard is more than happy to accommodate. He grants her the leave, they deal with the appropriate paperwork, and then she's on her way again back to her apartment to pack a travel bag. She takes only what she can carry on her back and that consists of nothing more than one change of clothes, a dozen rolls of film and her beloved travel camera, her notebooks, and a canteen of water with a few soup packets. Maddy is on the move again, but this time, her phone is glued to her ear as she waves down a taxi. She arranges a press flight to Sierra Leone en route to a private Vital Affairs Magazine owned airport and, much to her delight, everything is in line for her departure in only a few minutes. Maddy arrives in Africa early the next morning with the same knots in her stomach that she had the very first time she touched down on the red sand. With her hair slicked back into a tight bun and her bag hanging off her shoulder, she racks her brain trying to devise a plan — or at least something vaguely akin to a plan — to try and find Archer. The war torn land is nowhere to be without a course of action and Maddy knows this, so she decides to not rush herself. She remains at the UNICEF base camp she touched down in to assist with aid to refugees. She figures she'd be able to make her presence in the area valuable while sparing herself some time to think about how she was going to track a single man in a country of millions while the threat of capture, torture, and death loomed over her head. She asks some of the workers about Archer but the answers to her questions come up fruitless. She stays the night and then leaves early the next day for the heart of the city the next morning. The landscape is somewhat familiar and, with the help of a map and a compass, she navigates her way to where she needs to be. She travels alone in the thick forest and down abandoned roads passed ruined villages and destroyed buildings taking photographs and making notes in her journals. A shower of bullets and bombs echoes in the distance as Maddy settles under a tree in the jungle for a moment of rest and the sound makes her skin crawl. She can't help but wonder if she's made a mistake, but with an optimistic shake of her head, the thought passes as she leans her head back against the trunk of the tree. She stays in the shade for almost an hour before getting up and pressing on. After several hours of walking, she reaches the part of the city that she remembers as the place where she and Archer first met. M'Ed's bar has been reduced to nothing but a pile of rubble under the unrelenting forces of the RUF, but her days there, good and bad, are still very fresh in her mind. She's overwhelmed by a sick feeling of longing as she walks by and as a reflex, her camera is up and she snaps a handful of photographs before continuing on. When night falls for the second time since Maddy's arrival, she finds herself making the strange decision to sleep in an abandoned jeep on the side of a road that looks like it hasn't been used in a while. There are no fresh tire tracks anywhere nearby and there is even new foliage growing at the road's edge. She knows the jeep is the furthest thing from safe or comfortable, but she is exhausted and the back seat, which has stiffened to feel like it has been filled to capacity with sand, will suffice for the night. Maddy is a blink away from sleep when she hears footsteps coming down the path she came down. At first, she thinks it might just be an animal, but the steps are too even and consistent to belong to something nonhuman. The footsteps slow as they approach the car but then stop outside the car door at her head. She holds her breath and forces her eyes open as she listens more closely. Step. Step. Step. Whoever is outside the car is right at the door now and after a moment of silence, she can hear their labored breathing. Maddy's heart is so thick in her throat that she chokes in a strained gasp. Every image of torture and pain her mind can conjure up flash through her mind as the door swings open. It takes Maddy a few seconds to register the sensation of the hot barrel of a gun digging into the soft skin of her temple. \"I should just shoot you right here, huh.\" The familiarity of the voice makes her ears ring. Archer is standing over her, gun still against her temple, with a glare that could melt the polar ice caps. He shoves his gun into the back of his pants and leans into the car to grab Maddy by her biceps to pull her out. He pins her against the rusty side of the car with his hands squeezing her biceps so hard that she lets out a cry. \"How did you find me?\" He kisses the back of his teeth and shakes his head knowingly. \"You think I don't know when the little American planes full of journalists come and go?\" He scoffs in her face. Maddy swallows. He reeks of alcohol and cigarettes. \"You're drunk.\" \"No, Miss Bowen,\" he barks. \"I am not.\" \"You are,\" she gasps insistently. \"Maybe you're the one who's drunk,\" he retorts. \"Because no one with a sober mind would come back to this godforsaken place.\" \"You came back!\" He laughs sardonically and clenches his jaw so hard that Maddy hears his teeth grind. He releases her arms with a slight push before pounding his fist through the window of the car. Maddy flinches out of the way and doubles over as she brings her arm up to her head out of reflex. Archer grabs her arm again and straightens her against the side of the car. \"Archer!\" \"Shut up!\" He hisses, his face an inch away from hers. \"Archer, you're hurting me!\" Maddy is frantic now and she can't catch her breath. Archer's grip is so tight on her bicep that she feels like he's about to shatter her bone. Without another word, he jerks her away from the car and pushes her towards the jungle. \"Walk,\" he grunts. He reaches into the car and grabs her bag to throw at her. \"To where?\" She catches her things with a gasp. \"Just walk!\" Not wanting to get on his bad side now, Maddy composes herself and walks in the direction she was shoved in. She adjusts the strap of her bag over her shoulder and rubs the sides of her arms. Her insides are trembling and her heart is still pounding up against the back of her ribs. Even her ears are ringing still. Archer walks several steps behind Maddy breathing like he'd just strangled someone. The only sound between them after a few minutes is the sand crunching under each step. She hears the tear of fabric behind her and she stops and turns around to look at Archer. In the thick darkness of the night, she can see the streaks of blood on Archer's wrist and forearm and she knows immediately that he must have cut his hand when he punched the window out. His face is still with indifference as he wraps the strip of his button down shirt around his knuckles. He flexes his fingers before balling them into a fist. Blood soaks through the fabric instantly. \"You're hurt, Archer.\" He looks up at her, narrowing his eyes. \"You cut yourself.\" \"Ja, Miss Bowen,\" he spits to the side as he closes the gap between himself and Maddy. \"Your hero complex is showing.\"[Chapter 21] Twenty One Archer's apartment smells like it was painted with alcohol. The stench is so strong that Maddy's eyes water as she walks in. She clears her throat and blinks rapidly. Archer growls out a throaty laugh behind her as he closes and locks the door. Maddy stands in her place and Archer pushes past her to walk into the bedroom through the small living room. \"Are you going to lock your knees and sleep in the hallway like a horse?\" He calls from the bedroom. Maddy shakes her head and follows in his footsteps slowly. In front of her, she hears another door open followed by a click. A moment passes before the dim glow from the bathroom manages barely illuminate her path. She enters the bedroom and leans against the doorframe as she looks around. There's a small television on an upside-down milk crate in one corner with a mini fridge next to it and a chair with clothes hanging off it in another. Archer's 'bed' is a mattress with a single pillow and a handful of blankets and a towel strewn over it. \"Make yourself comfortable huh,\" Archer says in a low voice. Maddy hears a glass bottle being put down on porcelain before the click of a bottle cap echoes from the sink. \"I might even telephone for some room service for you, Miss Bowen.\" Maddy shakes her head again, not appreciating the sarcasm. She folds her arms tight across her chest and is quickly reminded of how tender her biceps still are. Brushing over them with the tips of her fingers, she can feel they are swollen and probably bruised. She stands over Archer's bed. She can't say that she's surprised over the state of his home — if she can even call it that — but something about the space feels wrong and Maddy refuses to believe that Archer would live in such plight. She hears him hiss and groan in the bathroom as something splashes into the sink. He's breathing through his teeth when she turns her attention to the bathroom door. A tall bottle of Russian vodka stands pure and clear on the side of Archer's sink and Maddy assumes he must be using the drink in place of rubbing alcohol on whatever cut he gave himself earlier. Maddy doesn't even have a chance to stop herself before her feet start moving towards the bathroom. She leans against the doorframe and watches him in the mirror. Archer stops what he's doing when he feels Maddy's presence behind him and raises his eyes to meet hers in the reflection. His face is pale and he has big beads of sweat hanging from his forehead and temples. He licks his lips and grins like the devil on a hot day. \"Thirsty, Miss Bowen?\" He grabs the bottle of vodka by the neck and spins around as he takes a deep swig. Between Archer's bloody fist and the unnatural grin on his face, Maddy's stomach turns. She glances into the dirty, bloody sink behind him for only a moment before she fixes her eyes on his face. His eyebrows raise expectantly as he thrusts the bottle towards her. \"Don't be scared, Maddy,\" he growls. She shakes her head sternly. \"I don't want any of that poison.\" \"It's only vodka, Miss Bowen!\" \"I said I don't want any,\" she answers firmly. Archer goes to raise the bottle to his mouth, but Maddy seizes it from his hands and holds it down by her waist. Archer looks at her with a mixture of drunken confusion and anger. His eyes soften for a moment before he lunges forward for the bottle. Maddy is quick to step back and hold the bottle behind her and out of Archer's reach. \"Maddy,\" he says in a low grumble of a voice. \"I will snap you like a branch if you don't give me that fucking bottle back.\" Maddy shakes her head. \"I think you've had enough to drink tonight.\" \"I have not!\" He yells emphatically. He throws himself forward and grabs the front of Maddy's shirt before she can take another step back. He pulls her in aggressively so that he can tear the bottle from her grip. Maddy gasps and squeezes her eyes shut, half expecting a punch or a slap to the face. Archer, still holding her shirt in his tight fist, drinks the rest of the vodka in the bottle before shattering the bottle against the doorframe near Maddy to prove a point. The glass explodes everywhere and the shattered neck of the bottle slices a new gash into Archer's palm. In his rage, though, he doesn't feel the cut. \"You're in my fucking house now,\" he slurs angrily. \"Archer!\" Maddy yelps. \"Do you understand me?\" \"Archer!\" She opens her eyes and looks at him as she wraps her hands around the hand he's holding her shirt with. \"Stop yelling at me, Archer!\" He shakes Maddy's hands from his own as though her palms are made of fire. He gives her chest a small shove before stumbling back against the sink. His bloody hand slips across the porcelain and he leans lopsidedly on the pedestal. He groans when he realizes his palm is bleeding. He wipes it down the front of his shirt and Maddy cringes. \"Let me clean you up,\" she says quickly. She steps forward cautiously, glass popping and breaking under her shoes, and takes his wrist. \"You're going to get this infected.\" \"I don't fucking care,\" he grumbles. \"Archer, please,\" she sounds out of breath, panicked. \"Let me clean up your hand.\" She reaches behind him to turn the tap of the sink, but no water comes from the tap. She twists the other tap and listens to the pipes tremble and groan in the walls. Archer laughs pathetically. He loses his balance and falls to the floor against the side of the bathtub. He reaches into the dirty tub and pulls an empty bottle of vodka out. He drops his head back and holds the bottle above his mouth half-expecting a cool flow of alcohol to fall between his lips. Maddy watches him sadly. Her heart aches for him. He throws the empty bottle back to its resting place before closing his eyes and breathing in through his nose. \"...s'fucking hot in here, huh?\" Maddy nods. \"Yes it is, Archer.\" \"Fucking hot,\" he shakes his head. He opens his eyes and Maddy is alarmed at how bloodshot they are. She kneels down in front of Archer as he closes his eyes again. He turns his head away from her. Maddy extends her hands to his cheeks. He flinches when he feels her touch initially but he leans into her palm after a moment. \"I've got a first aid kit in my bag,\" she says to him in a low voice. \"I'm going to clean your hand up.\" Maddy stands and leaves the bathroom to get her first aid kit from her bag. She's sweating all over from the heat and from what just happened between her and Archer, but she composes herself quickly. She knows that Archer is drunker than he probably has ever been and she puts his exaggerated anger down to the alcohol. She returns to the bathroom a few minutes later. Archer is still leaning against the tub with his hand bleeding profusely on his lap. There's blood everywhere. \"I'm going to disinfect your hand, Archer,\" Maddy informs him as she gets back down on her knees in front of him. When she looks at his face, she sees the sweat dripping down from his forehead. His cheeks are red and his eyes are closed and he's breathing as though he just ran a mile. \"This fucking heat, huh,\" he groans. He tugs at the collar of his shirt weakly as he shifts in his spot. \"I'll take your shirt off for you,\" she says carefully. She begins undoing each button individually, but Archer swats her hand away and pulls it open. Several buttons pop off his shirt and bounce around the dirty floor. Maddy moves closer to push his shirt back off his shoulders, but even when it's off, Archer feels little relief. His face twists into a look of pure discomfort and he shakes his head dully. \"Maddy,\" he whines. \"I know, Archer\" she sighs sympathetically. She leaves the bathroom again to go back to her bag. She pulls her phone out and telephones the UNICEF camp she was at a couple days prior for a Jeep to come pick them up. She's afraid that Archer has alcohol poisoning, and without water in the hot, muggy apartment, his condition could worsen and he would become devastatingly ill. She's relieved to hear that a car would be there within the next hour to get them. She returns back to the bathroom just in time to hold Archer's head above the toilet for him to throw up.[Chapter 22] Twenty Two Between being harshly awoken by Archer in the back of the Jeep and seeing him finally asleep on a canvas cot, Maddy feels like an eternity has passed. Her sleepless bones ache with exhaustion and her joints feel as though they're crystalizing. She lowers herself onto the cot next to Archer's and lies on her side to look him over. He's lying on his back with his bandaged hand on his stomach and a cold compress over his forehead and eyes. His body is slick with a thin layer of sweat and he appears to be trembling. He's hooked up to an IV and Maddy can rest easy knowing that he's getting rehydrated after throwing up and dry heaving non-stop for the past several hours. She was right in her suspicion of him having alcohol poisoning and she's glad that she phoned for proper medical attention instead of trying to care for him by herself. She's even relieved thinking about his hand being thoroughly cleaned and sanitized and stitched up before being dressed. Archer's body twitches suddenly and he draws in an inhale that makes every tendon in his neck tense, but he relaxes quickly and continues sleeping. The convulsion frightens Maddy and she sits up to look down at him. She sighs heavily and rolls her shoulders back and forth before lying back down. She closes her eyes and is asleep instantly. The next time she rouses, there is a breeze coming in through the main entrance of the tent and a nurse is changing Archer's IV. She smiles when she sees Maddy's eyes open. \"Good morning, Miss Bowen.\" \"Oh… good morning,\" Maddy says sleepily. She sits up and runs her hands through her hair several times before redoing her bun. \"I trust you slept well?\" Maddy nods as she stands. \"Very well, thank you.\" The nurse bows her head. She checks the needle in Archer's forearm and then scans him studiously. She presses two fingers to his wrist and looks down at her watch for a short while. \"Ah yes,\" she says with ease. \"He is doing well this morning.\" Maddy lets out a relieved exhale. \"If it would please you to eat or drink, there is food available in the dining tent,\" the nurse tells Maddy. \"I'll fix myself a plate shortly,\" Maddy answers with a grateful smile. The nurse nods to Maddy and then leaves the tent. Maddy stretches her arms over her head as she walks around the tent. Archer is still dead asleep in his cot and Maddy doesn't want to leave for fear of having him wake up while she's gone. She knows the dining tent is just a short walk away and that she could be there and back within five minutes, but she doesn't want to risk going. She peers out the flap of the tent and looks around. It's hot and sunny and bright outside. The Africa she sees this morning is beautiful and vibrant and it reminds Maddy that the continent has more to offer than war and tragedy. She touches her forehead and looks over her shoulder at Archer. He has more to offer than violence, she knows it. She rubs her tender biceps before pulling her t-shirt sleeves up. Just as she expected, she has bruises where Archer grabbed her last night. She thinks little of them as she returns to her cot. She scoops Archer's rough hand in hers and brushes her fingers lightly over his knuckles. They're freshly scabbed and Maddy wonders how many fights he managed to get in since arriving back in Africa. She thinks about what sort of damage he did in the short time that he had been back home. Had he stolen more diamonds? Had he stolen weapons? Had he killed anyone? Archer's brows furrow suddenly and a groan forms deep in his throat. It leaves his lips as a cough and his eyes shoot open. Maddy releases his hand slowly but Archer's fingers clamp down on Maddy's almost as a reflex. \"Maddy,\" he croaks. \"I'm right here, Archer.\" \"Ma-ddy,\" he hiccups. \"Archer,\" she frowns delicately. \"Everything is okay, calm down.\" He writhes on his back in the cot while he gains his bearings. He realizes that he's no longer in his apartment but remembering how he left is another story entirely. He blinks furiously and breathes slowly to slow his pounding heart down. He feels frantic for no reason. He squeezes Maddy's hand and loosens his grip when he focuses his stinging eyes on her face. He looks every inch of her complexion over for a fresh gash or cut or bruise, but when he notices that the only blemish on her is her old gash, he laughs dryly and swallows hard. Maddy is confused. \"I didn't get you last night, huh?\" Maddy turns slightly and pulls her t-shirt sleeve up to show him her bruises. His eyes narrow apologetically and he closes his eyes. Maddy lets the sleeve fall back into place. \"I've been through worse,\" she tells him. She pats the top of his hand before touching his bandaged hand. \"You got yourself pretty bad last night, though.\" \"Ja, seems like it,\" he holds his gauzed hand up. \"Remind me how it happened.\" \"Well,\" she starts. \"What's the last thing you remember?\" Archer thinks for a moment. He clears his throat and opens his mouth. \"I blew a lot of cash on vodka… and then I found you sleeping in the back of a Jeep…\" Maddy nods. \"You punched the window in and cut your knuckles. Then you lead me back to your apartme—\" \"That wasn't my apartment.\" \"Back to your living space, then.\" He shakes his head and the familiar sound of Archer kissing the back of his teeth greets Maddy like a kiss. \"It was just an empty room I found, huh.\" Maddy nods. \"Okay… you took me there and tried cleaning yourself up with the vodka. I didn't want you to infect your cut so I tried to take the bottle from you and that upset you… quite a bit,\" Maddy laughs and shakes her head. \"You grabbed me and took the bottle back and shattered it on the door frame, which is how you cut your palm. Then you collapsed and complained about the heat and began throwing up.\" Archers cringes, more out of embarrassment than painful recollection. \"I called for UNICEF medics to come pick us up and now you're here.\" He sighs. \"Maddy.\" \"Yes?\" \"Why did you follow me back here, huh?\" Maddy is bemused by the question. \"What do you mean?\" \"I left New York for a reason.\" \"To come back here and drink yourself to death?\" \"No,\" he kisses the back of his teeth again. He pulls his hand from Maddy's to use to push himself up into a sitting position. He hunches over for a second before straightening his back and looking at Maddy. She's watching him expectantly. \"I left New York to leave you, a'right?\" \"That was your idea of breaking up?\" He scoffs. \"Don't flatter yourself, Miss Bowen, there wasn't anything to break up.\" Maddy is hurt before she recalls her triumphant speech about not wanting to be dependent on Archer and not liking the way he was looking at her. She realizes that her being so self-absorbed and arrogant may have pushed him away and her heart sinks a little. She sucks her lips in. Archer looks away from her to lip his own dry lips. He leans over the cot and spits onto the sand. \"My mouth is as dry as this continent, huh, is there any UNICEF water designated for the local peasants?\"[Chapter 23] Twenty Three Archer is given a clean bill of health before noon and he tugs the needle from his forearm in celebration, much to the chagrin of the supervising doctor and nurse. He swings his legs over the edge of the cot and stands with the confidence of a god. He runs his good hand through his sweaty hair before putting on the shirt the nurse hands him. It's a plain blue t-shirt that Archer seems to wear like a medal. He walks out of the tent in front of Maddy, who follows him out quickly. \"What now?\" She asks him with slight urgency. Archer feels the pockets of his jeans before frowning. \"I need cigarettes, huh. You think this camp has a secret stash?\" \"No,\" she answers lamely. He clicks his tongue against the back of his teeth. \"That's not what I meant,\" Maddy says. Archer begins walking and Maddy is right beside him. She looks up at him frequently, but his eyes are fixed forward and squinting to keep the sun out of them. \"What did you mean, then, Miss Bowen?\" \"Where are you going now?\" \"Back to that room to get what's mine,\" he answers. \"And you're going to stay here and get on the next plane out.\" Maddy shakes her head. \"Absolutely not.\" He growls. His jaw tenses. He stops walking and turns to face Maddy completely. \"If you're staying, I'm staying.\" \"What about Solomon, huh? You left your apartment to him?\" \"He's with his family,\" she tells him. Those words sting Archer like a knife to the stomach. \"I put them up in a hotel in New York. He's looking for his own home and a new job. He's starting a new life.\" \"That must be doing wonders for your hero complex, Miss Bowen.\" \"Would you stop saying that?\" Maddy exasperates, throwing her hands up in frustration. \"Please, just stop saying that! I don't have a hero complex!\" Maddy feels her voice crack and she knows Archer heard it because of the way his mouth tenses. The burning of tears boiling behind her eyes makes her look down at her feet as she shifts her weight from one foot to the other. Archer is just standing in front of her stone faced. She clears her throat and blinks rapidly before looking back up at Archer. \"What do you want from me, huh?\" \"I just want you to be safe and okay and happy,\" she says in a small voice. Her eyes glass over again and she shakes her head. \"I don't want you to be here, I want you to be in New York, with me.\" Archer scoffs and shakes his head before continuing to walk. Maddy knows she's grasping at straws now. \"Archer!\" \"I'm not leaving to go back to New York,\" he tells her. \"Get that shiny idea out of your little head, Miss Bowen.\" \"Why won't you come to New York? Is it because of what I said to you?\" Another scornful laugh. He shakes his head and quickens his steps. \"Ja, Miss Bowen, your hurtful American words really did a number on me.\" Maddy is almost jogging to keep up with him. \"Will you be serious for a second?\" she asks, grabbing for his arm. Archer turns and hits her hand away hard enough to make her knuckles sting. She withdraws her hand close to her body and watches as his jaw clenches. His nostrils flare and he closes his eyes in place of really hurting her. He swallows and then opens his eyes to look at her. \"I am being very serious right now, a'right?\" he growls. He closes the gap between them and lowers his head so that his face is an inch away from Maddy's. She can feel his hot breath on her cheek and the back of her neck heats up. \"You got your story and you saved Solomon, huh, isn't that enough for you?\" She shakes her head. \"You can't save everyone, Miss Bowen,\" he says pointedly. \"Especially someone that doesn't want to be saved, right?\" Maddy interjects quickly. His jaw tenses. His fists clench. He steps back to compose his anger before putting his finger firmly into her shoulder for a moment before pointing behind her to the UNICEF camp. \"Get lost before you get yourself killed.\" \"By you?\" \"Don't test me, Maddy,\" he tells her warningly. He grabs her chin and turns her head to look at the gash he gave her. \"I can do much worse than this little scratch.\" Maddy shakes her head from his hand. \"If you go, I'm going to follow you…I don't care what happens to me.\" \"The careless American hero, huh?\" He taunts her. \"I'm not a hero,\" she tells him, voice tight. \"What do I have to say to prove to you that I really care about you?\" \"Don't say anythin—\" \"What do I have to do, then?\" \"Fuck off back to America, a'right?\" He grabs her shoulder and turns her back towards the camp. \"I said I'm not going back!\" She yells. A small crowd of aid workers turn their attention towards Maddy and Archer arguing. They look between each other as if to decide who was going to intervene if things became too heated. No one makes any moves to help, but they all continue to watch. Maddy and Archer are oblivious to the eyes on them. \"I'm in too deep to just leave and go about my life,\" Maddy says pressingly. \"I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I left and something happened to you because of my story. You said it yourself, Archer, as soon as it gets out, you're as good as dead.\" \"Maybe that's my happy ending, huh.\" His words rock her to her core. Her eyes overflow with tears and she wipes them away with embarrassment. She draws in a shaky inhale and lowers her head with defeat. She's afraid that Archer is really going to leave and then she'll really have to go back to New York without him. She can feel him slipping away from her and she can barely catch her breath. Archer watches her hands and shoulders tremble. He's chipped away at her for so long and now she's collapsing and crumbling to nothing right before his eyes. He looks beyond her and sees the group of workers watching them like a circus act. With a furrow of his brow and a tilt of his head, all eyes avert and the workers resume their duties. Archer clears his throat and spits to the side. He inhales through his nose and then steps close to Maddy. He puts his good hand on the back of her shoulder to pull her in to him. Maddy presses her face into his chest before wrapping her arms around his mid. She squeezes him desperately. Archer wraps his own arm around her neck before lowering his head to press his nose into the top of Maddy's head. \"Do you see that I love you, Archer?\" Maddy whimpers. \"Your big secret is out, huh?\"[Chapter 24] Twenty Four Maddy and Archer walk, side by side, in silence, from the UNICEF camp back to Archer's sorry excuse for a living space. Archer steals glances at Maddy as they walk, but his eyes never rest on her face for more than a few seconds. Maddy's eyes are always down on her feet and she's none the wiser to these looks. Archer isn't quite sure what fine mess he's gotten himself into now, but unlike his previous commitment to New York, he feels slightly more at ease this time around. He shoved his good hand into his pocket and retrieves a pack of cigarettes. He pulls one out between his front teeth and lights it quickly. The sharp smell of nicotine lures Maddy's eyes to Archer's lips, and then to his hand, and then to his eyes. He raises his eyebrows at her as he bites down on the filter of his cigarette. Two columns of smoke come barreling out of his nostrils. \"What?\" Archer asks finally. \"Just looking,\" Maddy says with a half laugh. Archer's grin is broad and knowing. \"Just looking to look, right?\" \"Right,\" she nods. Her eyes soften with relief. She walks closer to Archer, the sides of their arms touching. She puts her eyes back down as Archer brings his hand up to rest his casted hand on the small of her back. Maddy relishes the sensation of the touch. The two arrive at Archer's apartment several hours later, parched and hungry, sweaty and tired. Their entrance is greeted by the foul scent of alcohol and blood and vomit and it takes every muscle in Maddy's neck to suppress a gag. Archer simply lights another cigarette and goes to kneel down beside his mattress in. He fishes his switchblade from his pocket and slices open the side before reaching his good hand in. \"Pass me that towel, huh,\" Archer cocks his head to the side. Maddy follows his head and sees a towel hanging off the back of a chair in the corner of the room. She leaves her post in the doorway to get it and hand it to Archer. He spreads it by his knees before stepping on one hand to tear a strip off. The sound of the fabric tearing rips through the silence and almost startles Maddy. Archer removes his hand from the mattress and drops dozens of tiny, sparkling rocks onto the strip. \"You wasted no time here, did you?\" Archer looks up at her and shakes his head as he feels around the inside of the mattress again. \"How many do you have in there?\" \"Enough,\" he says as he rolls his cigarette from one corner of his mouth to the other. He twitches it with his tongue against the roof of his mouth and a small piece of ash falls off the end. \"I didn't think there was such a thing as enough diamonds for Danny Archer.\" He grins and tilts his head to the side. \"Maybe I'm full of surprises, huh?\" Maddy nods. Archer pulls another full handful of diamonds from the mattress before pushing them into a neat pile in the center of the strip of towel. He folds it and twists it and knots it securely before shoving the wad into his pocket. He pushes himself to his feet with a grunt. \"Right, Miss Bowen,\" he says matter of factly. She raises her head. Archer steps towards her and pulls a pistol from the back of his pants. \"You know how to work one of these?\" Maddy looks down at the gun and nods slowly. She isn't trained in the art of firing a gun, but she has taken dozens of firearm lessons and she's good enough with a pistol to defend herself should the circumstance where she needed to arise. Archer thrusts it more towards her. \"Take it,\" he tells her. Maddy takes the gun and holds it in both her hands. It's heavy and warm from being pressed between Archer's belt and his back. She slides it into the back of her pants, wincing when the metal scraped against her skin. She pulls her shirt over it and nods to Archer. \"Do you have something?\" Archer smirks and nods. He goes to his bed and bends over to pick up the pillow and pull a gun out. \"Of course, Miss Bowen.\" Maddy can't help but laugh at the strangeness of Archer pulling a gun out from his pillow. He retrieves two magazines and drops them into the side pocket of his pants before shoving the gun into his pants. \"What now?\" She asks. \"We go,\" he answers, pointing to the door. \"Danny,\" Ameni appears in the doorway, hands by his sides. \"Ameni,\" Archer's back stiffens seeing the Egyptian man. He steps in front of Maddy. \"What are you doing here, bru?\" \"I should be asking you that question, Danny! You were going to leave without cutting me in on the diamonds?\" \"Am, bru,\" Archer shakes his head in a friendly way. \"I told you to keep your phone on.\" \"I've been waiting for your call for three days, Danny, don't fuck around with me!\" He raises his hand and cocks the gun he's holding. Archer puts a cautious hand behind his own back to keep a finger on a trigger of his own. He raises his casted hand to Ameni. \"We don't want to cause a scene, huh,\" Archer says in a low voice. \"Is that the American journalist behind you?\" He turns his gun to her emphatically. \"Don't worry about her,\" Archer's voice darkens significantly and his knuckles whiten around the handle of his gun. \"I want to get out of here too, Danny,\" Ameni cries. \"You think I like running around for you in this place?\" \"Ameni,\" Archer presses. \"Put the gun down and we'll talk.\" \"I'm done talking, Danny, I want my stones. I want to make money too!\" \"I said put the gun down, bru.\" Ameni shakes his head wildly. The gesture is enough to spook Archer into drawing his gun, and in a heartbeat's time, he aims and pulls the trigger and hits Ameni right through the top lip. Maddy jumps as Ameni collapses like a limp doll. Archer steps forward and tears his gun from his hands before turning back to Maddy as he rummages through Ameni's pockets. He pulls two sets of keys out and pockets both of them. \"Let's go,\" he barks. Putting Ameni's gun into his pocket and his own gun back in its place in the back of his pants, he gets up and holds his hand out to Maddy. \"Now.\"[Chapter 25] Twenty Five Archer shows no remorse when he cracks and breaks the window of a Jeep parked in front of the apartment building. He knocks the glass in with his elbow and then reaches in to unlock the door. Unfazed by the glass on the seat, he gets in and leans over to unlock the passenger side door for Maddy to get in. She opens the door slowly after looking over her shoulder to see if anyone saw them. No one around. She gets in as Archer pulls a panel off from underneath the steering wheel. He picks at the wires with the tip of his knife before tugging on them and twisting them together until the engine coughs to life. Archer picks the panel up from near his feet and snaps it back into place before sitting up and looking over at Maddy. He laughs out loud and outrageously when he sees her fastening her seatbelt. He shifts the car into gear and races down the street. \"You should wear your seatbelt too,\" Maddy says to him as she leans back against her seat. She plucks a shard of glass off the center console and drops it by her feet. She folds her arms over her chest, looking around her to inspect for more glass. \"Ja, or else I'll get a ticket from the police?\" Maddy sighs. Archer looks over at her again. \"It's safer when you're wearing a seatbelt.\" Archer lifts his shoulders. He continues driving with his eyes straight forward for a few minutes before deciding to put his belt on. The feeling of a strap across his chest and lap are foreign to him. He thinks back to the last time he wore a seatbelt, and the more he mulls over it, the more he's convinced that he's never actually worn one. Maddy sees him put the belt on and she smiles gratefully as she rests her hands on her thighs. \"Ja ja,\" he kisses the back of his teeth. \"Don't go rushing around telling anyone about my heart of gold, huh.\" Maddy smirks. \"Where are we going?\" \"Airport.\" \"What airport?\" \"Where Ameni has his plane.\" \"For what?\" \"I know he's got more stones and cash in his plane,\" Archer tells Maddy. \"Archer,\" she frowns. \"I thought you said you had enough.\" No response. \"Archer.\" \"What, Maddy?\" \"You said you had enough.\" \"What are rocks to a dead man, huh?\" \"Pretty soon you'll be a dead man,\" she protests. \"And then what use will you be?\" Archer bites down on his bottom lip. \"Turn around and go back to the UNICEF camp. We'll have food and water and a place to sleep while we wait for the press plane.\" He shakes his head. \"I need those stones, Maddy.\" \"How do you know that man's friends aren't waiting there to kill you when you arrive?\" \"What friends?\" he scoffs. \"I was all he had.\" \"How do you know that?\" \"I know,\" he says confidently. \"What if there isn't anything in the plane?\" He raises his shoulders. \"What if there isn't even a plane!\" \"What about if the airport is gone too?\" Archer asks her mockingly. \"Archer,\" she frowns. \"Just relax, a'right?\" With a sign, Maddy surrenders and turns her attention out the passenger side window. Archer continues driving in silence with one thumb on the bottom of the steering wheel and his other arm hanging out the window. They race along the sandy streets in the stolen Jeep for almost an hour before Archer pulls into the hangar's parking lot. \"Stay here,\" Archer says as he looks over at Maddy. \"I'm coming in with you,\" Maddy responds. Archer shrugs a \"suit yourself\" shrug and gets out of the Jeep with Maddy following close behind. They enter the hangar to the sound of their own footsteps echoing around the vast space. The hangar is filled with over a dozen small domestic planes, Ameni's plane among them. Archer rushes over to it as soon as he spots it. He pulls the keys out of his pocket and unlocks the door to pull himself up into the cockpit. He rummages around while Maddy stands under the wing looking around the hangar with her heart in her throat. Archer's money and diamond search comes to a quick end and he emerges from the plane a moment later holding a wad of cash and a small velvet sack. In his back pocket, he has his passports and papers, all of which he found under the plane seat. Archer is grinning with self-satisfaction as he hops down and approaches Maddy. \"Did you find what you were looking for?\" He nods as he shoves the cash and velvet sac into his already bulging pockets. \"Ja, Miss Bowen, I did find what I was looking for.\" Maddy is sure that on his person, he's carrying millions of dollars worth of diamonds. The thought scares her. She shakes her head at him and rubs the sides of her biceps. \"Let's get going then.\" Just as Archer turns to shut the cockpit door, the metallic clink of a bullet ricocheting against steel sounds through the hangar. Archer lunges forward and grabs Maddy's arm to pull her down to the concrete floor. \"Chris,\" he growls as he pulls his gun. \"I told you, Archer!\" Maddy exasperates. \"Shut up, Maddy, please!\" He pushes Maddy towards the landing gear as he looks around. He fires a single shot. More bullets are fired from the offender's gun in response, all of them bouncing around the hangar threateningly. Archer keeps a bullet count in his head as he fires a second shit. Three more shots are fired before there's a lull in the gunfire. Archer reaches over and grabs Maddy's trembling hand to yank her up to her feet. \"Run and stay low,\" he tells her as they make a break for the door to the Jeep. The silence lasts for only a few more seconds before another round of gunfire begins. Archer keeps looking behind him at Maddy as they weave between planes to keep themselves sheltered. Just as the Jeep comes into sight, Archer feels Maddy let go of his hand and he stops himself. He turns around quickly, and much to his vexation, Maddy is on the floor writing around holding her thigh. \"Christ, Maddy,\" he drops to his knees beside her and moves her bloody hands from her thigh. \"Let me see, Maddy, let me see.\" \"Archer,\" she whimpers with panic. \"Archer!\" \"Move your hands, let me see how deep the shot is!\" Archer fingers her pants until he finds the bullet hole in them. He tears it wide open with a sharp tug and looks her thigh over. The bullet has only grazed her thigh, but the simple fact that she's injured leaves a sour taste in his mouth. \"A'right, come on,\" Archer gets up halfway before pulling Maddy over his shoulder. Maddy yells out in pain as Archer continues his dash out of the hangar. Trying to be as careful as possible, he tosses Maddy into the back seat before climbing into the driver's seat. He changes gears aggressively before speeding out. The back window is shot out and Archer keeps his head low as he steers out of danger. \"There's glass all over me,\" Maddy cries. He turns his head around to look at her. \"You're fine, Maddy,\" he tells her as he turns to face the road again.[Chapter 26] Twenty Six A doctor emerges from the tent Maddy is in and approaches Archer. He folds his hands over the folder he's holding before speaking. \"Miss Bowen is just resting now, sir,\" he says. Two nurses exit the tent and stand near the doctor as he flips through Maddy's medical folder. He glances through her papers for a moment before looking up at Archer, who's standing as rigid as a statue in front of him. \"The bullet didn't go through any main arteries in her leg, nor did it harm any bones. There was only tissue and muscular damage, so she won't be able to walk on it for a couple weeks. We've cleaned and dressed her wound. She's doing fine.\" Archer nods with his lips slightly pursed. \"I can take a look at that hand for you,\" the doctor offers when he notes the blood seeping through the gauze wrapped haphazardly around Archer's hand. Archer looks down at the dirty, bloody bandage. He frowns with frustration as he stretches his fingers before clenching them into a fist. His injury stings when he tenses the skin of his hand. \"It'll only take a minute,\" the doctor says when he sees Archer's apprehension. \"I could do it inside Miss Bowen's tent if you would prefer to remain close to your friend.\" \"A'right, doc.\" Archer flashes a vague smile of appreciation. He walks past the doctor and nurses and heads into the tent. The doctor dismisses the nurses to tend to other patients before turning and following Archer. He places Maddy's folder down on a table and then approaches the portable sink to scrub his hands. He dries them and pulls on a pair of new blue medical gloves. \"Just sit anywhere, sir,\" the doctor tells him. He grabs his kit and arranges his tools. Archer looks around for a place to sit. He walks over to Maddy's cot and looks down at her with a heavy heart. Her eyes are closed and her face is void of any expression of pain or discomfort. She looks calm. Archer watches as her chest rises and falls and he feels relieved seeing her sleeping as peacefully as she is knowing how deep into hell he's dragged her. He's glad that she's finally resting. She deserves it, he tells himself. Archer puts his good hand in his pocket and touches his diamonds to remind himself that all this suffering will be worth it. He swallows hard and turns around. The doctor is still setting up all that he needs to tend to Archer, so Archer grabs a stool and puts it down near the table the doctor is at. The older man looks up at Archer as he arranges his tools in the order he'll need them in. \"Mr. Archer, is it?\" \"That's right,\" Archer nods. \"My name is Dr. Manai,\" he introduces himself. \"Let me take a look at that injury, Mr. Archer.\" Archer picks his dirty, casted hand up and drops it on the table in front of Dr. Manai, who smiles and laughs as he picks up his scissors to begin cutting the old dressing off. He tosses it into the garbage and drops the scissors into a cup of disinfectant fluid. He picks up a cotton ball and dips it in hydrogen peroxide before dabbing Archer's gash. Archer hisses unexpectedly. \"It looks like you tore up the stitches,\" Dr. Manai says. \"I'm going to have to cut these ones out and do them over again. I will also give you a hard cast to keep your hand more protected.\" Archer nods lamely. He balls up his free hand on his knee under the table. The peroxide stings terribly, much more than he was expecting it to. \"How do you know Miss Bowen?\" he asks. He takes a fresh cotton ball to continue disinfecting the gash in his palm. \"We're friends.\" \"Do you work together?\" Archer gives a half shrug. He isn't here to answer questions, but he knows that he's in no position to disrespect the man cleaning his wound. Instead of offering up his usual remarks of aversion, he looks the doctor in the face and licks his lips. \"I suppose you can say our jobs allowed our paths to cross,\" he says with sarcastic poetry. \"You're both journalists?\" \"I'm in a different line of work,\" he says simply. Dr. Manai smirks and nods. He takes the small scissors back out of the cup and plucks his tweezers from his kit. He begins cutting the old stitches out. \"Maddy is quite outstanding,\" Dr. Manai continues between snips. He's careful with his steady hands. \"I've known her casually, she's a pleasure.\" \"You dated?\" he demands. \"Oh, no,\" Dr. Manai laughs without smiling. \"We've only known each other professionally. We've been assigned to the same conflict zones. I offer medical aid at the UNICEF camps and she volunteers between getting her stories and her photographs. She's fearless, you know, and about as kind as they come.\" Archer looks down at his hand and watches as Dr. Manai snips and plucks out the remaining stitches. He licks his lips again. He looks away to Maddy while Dr. Manai dips a new cotton ball in peroxide to give the gash another wipe. Archer feels even more guilty now. Everyone speaks so highly of Maddy and that makes Archer feel undeserving of her company, let alone a relationship. \"How did you get a cut like this, Mr. Archer?\" \"Long story.\" The doctor nods. \"You're lucky you did not strike any tendons,\" the doctor says. \"This cut is fairly deep.\" Archer looks back at his hand as the doctor threads a needle to begin stitching him up. He nods and pulls a cigarette from his pocket. He puts his between his lips tentatively. He can hear Maddy's small voice in the back of his skull advising him not to smoke inside the tent. He tucks the cigarette behind his ear and sighs. \"Oh, I don't mind if you smoke in here,\" the doctor responds. Archer shakes his head. \"Maddy doesn't like it when I smoke.\" \"That's very considerate of you.\" \"Ja ja,\" he says with a throaty chuckle. \"I'm a very considerate man.\"[Chapter 27] Archer doesn't sleep a wink during the night. After the doctor wraps his hand in a fresh gauze and fits him with a hard cast, Archer remains wide awake inside the tent. Pacing around. Sitting near Maddy. Pacing around. Looking over Maddy. Pacing around. Smoking outside the tent. Pacing around. Pacing around. Pacing around. Easily, he smokes his way through his entire pack of cigarettes in the first few hours of his restless evening. He smokes his last one slowly and cherishes each puff before flicking the butt outside the tent. He has no idea what time it is, but looking outside into the darkness, he figures it's the dead middle of the night. He taps the face of his watch — which stopped ticking at 3:53 — and sighs inaudibly. He leaves the tent to sit outside the entrance. He pulls his boots off to let his feet breathe. His socks are damp and their bottoms are dirty and stained dark brown from the sole inside his boots. His upper lip curls with disgust when he gets a draft of the odor inside his boots and he pushes them to the side before pressing the knuckles of his uninjured hand into the arches of his feet. One knead at a time, he loosens the tendons and muscles of his feet. He peels his socks off and hangs them off his boots before crossing his ankles and leaning back on the heel of his hand. He puts his casted hand in his lap as he drops his head back and closes his eyes. His shoulders lower themselves with calmness and he lets out a slow exhale. The hot African air has cooled to a comfortable temperature in the relief of the moonlight and Archer relishes in the twilight. He breathes evenly through his nose and listens to the sounds of quiet conversations and footsteps around the camp. A part of him feels at ease knowing he's not the only person still awake. The burden of responsibility isn't weighing down so heavily on his shoulders anymore. Just as he feels the heaviness of sleep settling behind his eyes, he hears a rustling behind him. He snaps to an upright position before jumping to his feet. He's surprised and worried to see Maddy standing there leaning on a crutch. \"Barefoot?\" she flashes a tired smile. Archer's spine trembles. \"You should be asleep, huh,\" he says, approaching her to put his fingers around the bend in her arm. \"Get back inside.\" \"What are you doing out here?\" \"I was just sitting.\" Maddy's face breaks into a broad smile. \"Just sitting to sit?\" Archer laughs quietly. Maddy sees the corners of his eyes wrinkle and her head swims. Archer moves his hand from her elbow to the side of her shoulder before speaking. \"You should lie back down, Maddy.\" \"I'm not going back into the tent unless you come too.\" Archer nods. He replaces Maddy's crutch with his own body. Maddy curls her arm around his neck as Archer wraps his around her thin mid. \"One step at a time, huh.\" She nods. \"I don't want you popping a stitch,\" Archer says as they enter the tent, step by step. \"I won't.\" \"If you do, I'll have to hear it from the doctor.\" Maddy smirks. \"I won't pop a stitch.\" Archer nods this time. \"I see your hand is nice and fresh.\" Archer looks down at his cast hand. \"Ja, the doctor cleaned me up… gave me new stitches and everything.\" Maddy winces. \"You tore the others?\" Another nod. They approach the bed and Archer lowers Maddy carefully into her cot. He helps her put her leg back up and he adjusts the pillows underneath her calf. He pulls a thin blanket to her waist and then looks at Maddy's face. He can tell she's fighting to keep her eyes open. \"Go to sleep, huh Miss Bowen.\" \"You too,\" she says, closing her eyes. \"Stay close.\" He takes her hand and gives it an assuring squeeze. Maddy reciprocates weakly before falling back to sleep. Archer thinks about his boots outside the tent and considers going to get them before a spider or a scorpion makes them their home, but he decides against it. He pulls a stool over with his foot and sits down beside the cot, all without breaking his contact with Maddy's hand. Archer sleeps sitting up and rouses the next day when he feels a hand on the back of his shoulder. He snaps awake and turns around. A nurse is smiling down at him with her kind, old face and milky eyes. \"Meesta Achah,\" she says in her thick accent. \"Food.\" \"Ja, ja,\" his voice rumbles deeply with sleep. He licks his lips. \"I'll get it on my own, huh.\" The nurse motioned to Maddy, who was still fast asleep. \"I'm here with her, she's fine.\" The nurse nods and shuffles out of the tent just as quietly as she entered. Archer yawns behind his cast and looks down at Maddy. He's surprised to see her big green eyes open and staring up at him. She gives his fingers a squeeze just enough to make Archer smirk. \"When did you wake up?\" \"When the doctor came in to check on me earlier,\" she answers. She adjusts her head on her pillow. Her beautiful brown hair is scattered behind her head like a dark halo and Archer feels his pulse quicken. \"When was that?\" \"About an hour ago.\" \"You've been awake for an hour?\" She nods. \"Why is that so hard for you to believe?\" He raises his shoulders. \"Now that you're awake, though, you can go get something to eat and something to drink.\" \"The hero can't fend for herself now, huh,\" Archer grins. He releases her hand slowly to stand up and stretch his shoulders back. Maddy nods. \"Every hero needs a sidekick.\" Archer kisses the back of his teeth and shakes his head. \"I'm not your sidekick, Miss Bowen.\" \"What shall I call you then, Archer? The soldier of fortune with a heart of gold?\" Archers turns to head out of the tent. \"Ja, ja,\" he almost laughs. \"Leaves a nice taste in your mouth, huh?\"[Chapter 28] \"I can tear this right off, huh,\" Archer says. He holds up a pair of pants provided for Maddy to change in to. Their press plane departs in less than an hour and they're getting ready to leave the UNICEF camp to return to New York. Maddy, who's sitting on the cot filling a canvas bag with her's and Archer's things, looks up at Archer with confusion. \"Tear what off?\" \"This,\" he says, tugging on the right leg of the pants. \"Why would you do that, Archer?\" \"Why not?\" He frowns. \"I can wear normal pants, my leg isn't swollen.\" He shakes his head. \"It's better to keep the bandage out in the open, huh,\" he tells her. \"I'll just ask for a pair of shorts, then,\" Maddy tells him. \"Put those down, I'm not going to let you tear apart a perfectly good pair of pants.\" Archer tosses the article of clothing towards Maddy. She catches and folds them before putting them down beside her. She's been wearing nothing but a t-shirt and panties for the past few days, but neither she nor Archer seem to mind. Archer has been far too preoccupied acting as Maddy's crutch to look at her with anything other than concern in his eyes. \"Done packing that bag?\" Maddy peers inside and feels its contents as she goes through a mental check lists. Diamonds, diamonds, diamonds, pistol, diamonds, pistol, notebook, camera, pens, and more diamonds. She nods to Archer, who's taken to chewing on a piece of wood. \"You're going to splinter your tongue.\" He dismisses her comment with a wave of his hand. He removes the wood from his mouth and spits to the side. \"We can get going then, huh.\" Another nod from Maddy sets Archer's feet in motion. He takes the bag and puts the strap over his shoulder before bending over to scoop Maddy up. She looks at him suddenly and puts a hand against his chest. \"What are you doing?\" \"What's it look like I'm doing?\" he cocks his brow. \"I'm not ready.\" \"Why not?\" He stands up straight, arms hanging down by his sides. \"I'm not wearing pants, Archer!\" \"So?\" \"So? I'm not leaving this tent without pants.\" \"Why not?\" He asks again. \"Because I like wearing pants when I go out,\" she says, cheeks tinting slightly red. Archer shakes his head. \"Go and get me the nurse, Archer. I'll ask if there are shorts to wear, otherwise I'll just put these on.\" She puts her hand down from Archer's chest to rest it on the folded pair of pants on the cot near her hip. Archer looks down at them and back up at Maddy. He shrugs the bag off his shoulder and returns it to its place on the cot before putting his piece of wood back between his teeth. \"Are you going to go get the nurse for me, Archer?\" He looks at Maddy for a moment and nods. \"Ja, ja,\" he says absently as he turns and strolls out of the tent. Gnawing on his branch still, Archer walks between tents looking around in search of the nurse who has been tending to Maddy for the past couple days. He finds himself inside a product tent before he finds the woman he's looking for. He scours the shelves of clothes and food stuffs until he finds a pile of khaki shorts. He scans the sizes and grabs the smallest pair for Maddy before leaving. He returns to her tent waving the shorts like a trophy. Maddy's face lights up. \"You found a pair!\" He nods and tosses them towards her. She picks them up and checks the label for the size before holding them up. Archer watches her examine them, and before she has a chance to stand on her own, he's in front of her with both hands extended for Maddy to grab. \"I've got this, huh,\" he says from behind the bark in his mouth. \"Will you spit that out, you're making me nervous,\" she frowns as Archer takes the shorts from her. He spits the wood off to the side as he drops to one knee. \"Feet up.\" Maddy lifts her feet. Archer holds her ankles as he puts her feet through the shorts. He pulls them up to her knees before standing up to let Maddy hold his forearms to help her stand. Balancing herself on her good foot, she puts her hands on the top of Archer's head when he kneels back down. He pulls her shorts up completely and buttons them at her waist. He then grabs her shoes from underneath the cot and puts them on, lacing them up securely. He lets his hand fall to the back of her thigh against her bandage. He tilts his head slightly to the side to press his lips against the thickest part of her bandage, where underneath, he knows her injury is. Maddy looks down at him with surprise when she feels the scratch of his bearded chin against her skin. She begins to run her fingers through his hair, but Archer is standing stiff and upright before the moment can develop into anything more intimate tha a superficial touch. \"A'right, Miss Bowen, you've got your pants.\" She nods with a flustered smile on her face. \"We can go.\" Another nod, and then quickly, \"I can walk.\" \"Can you,\" he says with a scoff, stating more than asking. \"Yes I can,\" she motions to the two crutches propped against the side of her cot. \"Suit yourself.\"[Chapter 29] The cool New York air feels grating inside Archer's nostrils. The breeze sends a chill up his spine as he and Maddy walk from the taxi cab to the revolving doors of her apartment building, but he doesn't let his discomfort show. He follows a few paces behind Maddy, watching her every move, making sure she stays upright. She's unsteady on her crutches and seeing her hobble along like an injured animal makes him feel both sorry and nervous for her. \"Home sweet home, huh,\" Archer remarks. Maddy presses the button of the elevator and turns to face Archer. \"Home sweet home,\" she nods. \"Is Solomon up there?\" She shakes her head. \"He's up at a hotel a few blocks away,\" she tells him. The elevator doors open and they both step in. Maddy lets Archer take her card to swipe to take them to her floor as she leans back against the wall. \"Do you want to go see him?\" Archer looks at Maddy as though her suggestion was in a different language. His mouth opens slightly with annoyance and his eyes narrow instantly. He shakes his head and disregards her comment with a scoff and an arrogant lift of his eyebrows. \"What business do I have with Solomon, huh?\" Maddy frowns at Archer's sudden change in demeanor. She knows she must tread lightly around him now. He doesn't like New York yet and the last thing she wants is for him to run back off to Africa. She knows that if he leaves again, she'll never be able to find him. \"He's your friend.\" \"Now, now, Miss Bowen,\" he holds his finger up. \"Solomon is not my friend.\" \"He told you where that diamond was,\" she says quickly. \"He did a lot for you!\" \"I didn't need him to find it,\" Archer snaps. \"It was buried in the middle of the jungle, how would you have known where to even start looking without him?\" Archer's hand shoots up violently. \"I would have found it on my own, a'right,\" he barks. \"It's what I do, you understand?\" For a moment, Maddy forgets about her injury and steps towards Archer to continue with a passionate addition to her speech. The sudden weight on her shot leg causes her knees to buckle and she stumbles. Archer lunges forward and catches her frail body in his arms. She whimpers involuntarily as the pain surges up and down her spine like daggers. The sound is shrill to Archer's ears and he forgets about their little spat. He bends over slightly and scoops her up, holding her close to his body. The elevator doors open and Archer grabs her crutches before stepping out. Her apartment is the same as when he left it last, except it's quieter and more lonely looking. He goes over to Maddy's couch and lowers her down carefully. When he scans her face over, he sees the wet streaks down her cheeks and he wipes them away with a flick of his thumb. \"That hero complex will kill you,\" he advises her with some satisfaction. Maddy looks up at him and shakes her head. \"I don't want to start arguing already.\" Archer chews the inside of his cheek. \"The last thing I need is for you to get upset with me and shoot back to Africa.\" He frowns superficially. Maddy hiccups in an inhale before continuing. \"Promise me you won't go back.\" He drops the bag down beside the couch. \"Archer,\" Maddy says firmly. \"Make me a promise right now that you won't go back.\" Archer has never made a promise in his life. He's never even considered promising anything to anyone. Promises were worthless to him, they were hollow nothings that could be broken with such ease that it was almost laughable. He shakes his head and watches as Maddy's green eyes moisten with fresh tears. \"Archer,\" she says again, almost begging now. \"I'm tired of this back and forth game!\" \"Maddy,\" Archer speaks finally. His voice leaves his lips a cadence lower than his usual tone and its texture frightens Maddy. His words rumble miserably in his throat as he shifts his weight from one leg to the other. \"What do you want from me, huh?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"What do you want from me? What do you think I have to offer someone like you, huh?\" Maddy is taken by his question and she has no reply for him. Her mind spins blank as she opens her mouth stupidly. She shakes her head and wipes her cheeks quickly. \"I love you, Archer,\" she manages after a long pause. \"I want you to love me back.\" Archer doesn't know whether to laugh or cry. The last person he heard those three stabbing words from was his mother two nights before she was raped and murdered. Her soothing voice raises behind his ears and Archer's throat tightens so much that he has to cough to compose himself. He blinks twice before raising his head slightly to look at Maddy down his nose. She's trying to decipher what's going on behind his hard eyes, but there's nothing there. He's just stoic and unmoved and Maddy is struggling. \"Why don't you love me back, Archer?\" He shakes his head. \"Look at what I've put you through, Maddy,\" he spits tearfully. He clears his throat again. \"I almost got you killed… twice!\" \"You saved me each time,\" she responds. \"You stayed with me each time.\" \"Stop making excuses for me, Maddy,\" he protests aggressively. \"I'm not making excuses for you,\" she chokes back another cry, \"I know you're a good person!\" He shakes his head and turns around, his back to Maddy now. \"I'm not a good person, Maddy.\" \"Then what are you doing here?\" she asks, eyes fixed on the back of his head. \"Why did you come to New York again? Why did you find me in Sierra Leone?\" He remains silent. \"What about when I was sleeping on the couch,\" she says slowly in a gentler voice. \"And you came to sit near me. Would someone who wasn't a good person have done that?\" His heart pounds. \"Archer, please.\" The urgent desperation in Maddy's voice strikes Archer's core like a hammer against a gong and his whole body tenses. He clenches his fists by his sides and turns around. Her cheeks are wet and red and she's blinking hurriedly in a shallow attempt to compose herself. She looks miserable, and it's all because of Archer's stubbornness, his refusal to surrender a part of himself to her. \"I'll get down on my knees if I have to,\" she cries. \"Maddy.\" Archer's voice comes out in a husky whisper. His face softens and his muscles loosen and he steps forward. Relief washes over Maddy and she all but collapses into Archer's embrace. He wraps his strong arms around her small torso and buries his face against the soft of her neck. He cradles the back of her head in his hand and Maddy feels the cool wetness of a tear rolling down her collar bone. She can feel his shoulders trembling and she runs her fingers gently through his hair. Several minutes pass before Archer pulls back. His eyes are red and watery and he licks his lips twice before leaning in close again. Cupping Maddy's cheek tenderly, he plants a kiss around the gash he gave her. He kisses her temple and her eyebrow and the bridge of her nose before stopping over her lips. Maddy's eyes are closed and her heart is in her throat and she nearly starts when she feels him finally kiss her on the mouth.[Chapter 30] The remainder of the day is snored and sighed away as Maddy and Archer sleep on the couch. With Maddy reclined against one armrest, Archer is dormant between her legs with his ankles crossed on the other armrest. His head rests on the inside of her thigh with Maddy's injured leg stretched over his shoulder and down his torso. Archer has fallen asleep with his hand on her shin and Maddy's fingers are still tucked in his thick mess of hair. They sleep intertwined with each other through the entire night, without disturbance, until the sunlight of the next morning begins filling the apartment. Archer's eyes are the first to open. He wakes without unease or animosity coursing through him. He feels rested and comfortable and, when he registers his hand still on Maddy's tanned shin, happy. A smile chases across his lips as he turns his head slightly to kiss the inside of her thigh beneath her bandage. The gentle friction of Archer's hair in Maddy's lap pulls her from her sleep and she looks down at him. She slides her fingers from his hair as he sits up just enough to look back at her over his shoulder. Maddy is smiling. Her eyes are white and open and her irises are as green as ever. \"Good morning,\" she says with a tired smile. \"Good morning, Miss Bowen.\" \"How did you sleep?\" she laughs. \"Very well,\" he answers, moving his hand from her shin to her knee. \"I slept well too,\" she says quickly. Archer is getting familiar with her sense of humor and he laughs, licking his bottom lip. \"I was going to ask.\" \"Were you?\" He nods confidently and sits up more. He lifts Maddy's injured leg carefully to rest on his lap with her other leg as he leans back against the sofa properly. Maddy's looks at him with a sideways glance of calmness and Archer raises his eyebrows. \"You're still here,\" Maddy says. He nods again. \"Will you be here tonight?\" A nod. \"And tomorrow?\" A nod. \"And the day after that?\" \"Ja, Maddy, I will,\" he tells her with a gentle aggressiveness she hasn't heard in his voice before. \"I will.\" They fall into a comfortable silence that stretches across the morning. Archer makes Maddy breakfast — eggs and toast — and then helps her settle into a bath. While she soaks in the soapy water, Archer takes a shower. He scrubs himself hard and watches as the dirty water spirals down the drain. He's cautious of his cast, which Maddy wrapped in plastic from the doctor to keep it dry, and finishes quickly. He steps out and pulls a towel around his waist before looking at Maddy, who's grinning coyly as she looks him up at down. Archer's tanned skin looks even darker inside the white bathroom. His color makes Maddy's olive skin seem pale. He fastens the towel more tightly around his waist and walks across the bathroom to sit on the edge of the bathtub. His hair is still dripping wet and flat against his head but Archer quickly runs his good hand through it. He shakes his head and Maddy squirms away to avoid the cool droplets. \"You're like a dog!\" He looks down at her as he dips his fingers into the water to flick some at Maddy. \"It's only water, huh.\" She smirks and nods. She repositions her heel against the edge of the bathtub, careful not to wet her bandage. \"There's more towels hanging up to dry your body with.\" \"Is it mandatory for me to use two towels now that I'm in America?\" Maddy laughs, shaking her head. \"I was just letting you know.\" \"Ja, I'll make note,\" he taps his temple mockingly as he wipes the soap off his fingers on his towel. \"I was thinking of calling my lawyer later,\" Maddy says after a moment. Archer raises his eyebrows to urge her to go on. \"To get those diamonds sold.\" \"Right,\" he nods his head. \"Isn't that what you want?\" \"Ja, ja,\" he answers. \"That was the plan, huh?\" \"But is that what you want?\" Archer rolls his shoulders back and considers her question. Selling the diamonds seemed like the natural thing to do. What other purpose did he have for them? Keeping them wouldn't be beneficial to either of them. He tilts his head to the side in thought and then looks at Maddy's face. Her brows are slightly knitted, her lips in a tight line across her face. \"I'm sitting on a lot of money with those stones,\" he begins. \"I know what they're worth, huh, I won't have some American in a nice suit try and cheat me out of money.\" Maddy nods understandingly. \"There won't be any cheating when we arrange a deal. You'll be compensated appropriately.\" \"Mm,\" Archer grunts in accordance. \"Then we can get your papers sorted out.\" \"Papers?\" \"Passports and everything… make sure everything is in order.\" He frowns at the sudden list of formalities he needs to deal with. \"We don't have to do it all today,\" she adds. He raises his shoulders. \"We might as well, huh.\" \"It seems like the logical thing to do,\" she says. \"What are you going to do hauling around briefcases filled with money?\" Archer knows he'll be set for life with the money he'll receive from the diamonds. He knows that he'll never have to lift a finger for the rest of his life while still living comfortably. He could even take care of Maddy — the two of them would never have to work again. \"What's wrong?\" Maddy asks, touching Archer's knee. He shakes his head, alarmed to feel her hand on him. \"Nothing.\" \"No, what are you thinking about, Archer?\" Maddy fears that she's losing him again. \"What's on your mind?\" \"Let's not rush around the city while you're still limping around like a cripple, huh,\" he motions to her leg. \"We've got nothing but time now.\" ","Summary":" One \"You should get on that plane,\" Archer says. He gives Maddy's small wrist a squeeze. \"So sho"}]